Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, March 25 through March 31 is National Physicians Week. As a practicing physician for nearly 30 years, I would like to use my time today to acknowledge the dedicated doctors nationwide who devote their lives to providing quality care for our patients. I am so thankful for the doctors who have led the charge to observe a week dedicated to our Nation’s physicians, and especially thanks to Dr. Kimberly Jackson. Dr. Jackson is a true pioneer for the medical profession. In June of 2015, she founded the Physicians Working Together organization. This group was created to bring physicians together from a broad spectrum of specialties. Dr. Jackson then, just 1 year later, established the last week in March as National Physicians Week. This year’s celebration will include a physicianled virtual conference hosted by the Physicians Working Together group. The conference is available for free and will provide physicians with valuable ways to improve their everyday practice. The virtual sessions will also highlight ways that physicians can take action in policy through advocacy groups and navigate the world of politics. I encourage my friends in the medical industry to tune in. As an obstetrician/gynecologist, I have had the privilege of building relationships with patients that I will always hold dear to my heart. There is nothing quite like watching a family grow before your eyes and having a hand in their healthy growing. Although government regulations piled on over the years have continued to make it difficult to build and nurture these relationships, my patients have become no less important nor less of a priority to me. I know this to be the case for many other doctors throughout the Nation. During my time practicing medicine in Great Bend, Kansas, I had the opportunity to work alongside many fellow physicians who practice with a level of care that I want for my own family, physicians who are more than deserving of a week of appreciation. So please take a few moments to show your support for your local physicians. For more information regarding the conference, I would ask you to check out the National Physicians Week Facebook page, or look at my own social media pages for more ways to spread the word. IT IS TIME TO STAND UP FOR AMERICA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to talk about the events of Friday night and concern for the continued special counsel position of Robert Mueller. On Friday night, late, the Deputy Director of the FBI, Mr. Andrew McCabe, was fired. I haven’t seen the IG report. Nobody has seen it. It won’t be available until April. But it is concerning that, that late at night, people were working at Justice to fire a career employee and possibly deprive him of his pension. Mr. McCabe believes the reason he was fired was because of his knowledge of Mr. Comey’s conversations with the President, and his own conversations with the President, and his being a corroborating witness. I don’t know what the cause was, but the process was awful. It was rushed, and it seemed to violate the due process rights of this career Federal employee. And then to watch the President of the United States, a multibillionaire, spike the ball on being able to deprive a 20year Federal employee of a pension was cruel, unAmerican, and meanspirited. It was a shot across the bow at other government officials who are doing their jobs—Justice Department officials, FBI officials, law enforcement officials who love this country and put their lives on the line—and that if they don’t agree with the Mueller investigation continuing; or if they see concerns about the United States President and his campaign and some involvement with Russia or with obstruction of justice, or violations of emoluments clauses; that they too risk their jobs and risk their pensions, and risk their financial security. It is a scary time in America, and we are looking at the abyss. 
In December, I was concerned about this as well. And Representative WALTERJONES from North Carolina, a Republican, and I, have a bipartisan bill, H.R. 4669, which has a Senate companion filed, and is bipartisan as well, by Senator TILLIS and Senator C OONS , which is S. 1741; and it gives the special counsel due process if he is fired for causes that are not objective—related to his job and the performance of his duties. But it means he couldn’t be fired for politics and he couldn’t be fired to squelch an investigation concerning the very fundamentals of this country and allegiance and adherence to the Constitution and the laws of the United States of America for which we have all taken an oath to uphold. Nothing is more sacred. If the President has done nothing wrong, as he has said on many occasions, and he has tweeted recently about Mr. Mueller and said it is a ‘‘witch hunt’’ and said there is no collusion. If there is no collusion, if there is no obstruction of justice, if there are no violations, the President should, as Representative TREY GOWDY has said, welcome the continuation of the investigation to clear him. As Representative TREYGOWDY said: He is not acting like a man who is innocent. And Representative CHARLIE  DENThas said similar things. If you have nothing to hide, why stop an investigation if there is nothing to find? And if there is something to find and something for the American people to know about, and for Congress to know about and act on, then it is incumbent on us to protect Mr. Mueller and protect that investigation. That is why we have these bipartisan bills. I know there is Democratic support for these bills, but there hasn’t been Republican support that I know of, beyond Senator TILLIS and Representative WALTER JONES . I call on Speaker RYAN to schedule this bill, have it scheduled in Representative GOODLATTE ’s committee, my committee, the Judiciary Committee, for a hearing, or bring it directly to the floor for a vote. I call on Representative GOODLATTE  to schedule the bill for a markup and have it voted on. But, more importantly, I call on my Republican colleagues to stand up for America and stand up for their oath of office. We get along, Republicans and Democrats. Republicans are good people, too. They have different thoughts on certain issues and different perspectives than most Democrats and I do. But we all believe in an America that should not be capitulating to Russia, and an America that shouldn’t be seeing the Constitution shredded and laws violated. So I call on my Republican colleagues to look into their soul, look into their heart, remember their oath. Sign on to H.R. 4669, as Representative WALTER JONES has, and stand up for America. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. f 
NEVER AGAIN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, over 4 weeks have passed since our Nation suffered an unspeakable tragedy in Parkland, Florida, where we lost 17 souls that we cannot get back. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  the names of these young, brave souls who will move this country to act to protect other young students across this Nation. 
Alyssa Alhadeff, Scott Beigel, Martin Duque Anguiano, Nicholas Dworet, Aaron Feis, Jaime Guttenberg, Chris Hixon, Luke Hoyer, Cara Loughran, Gina Montalto, Joaquin Oliver, Alaina Petty, Meadow Pollack, Helena Ramsay, Alex Schachter, Carmen Schentrup, Peter Wang. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I have met with the brave students of Parkland. I have also met with the parent of one of those lost souls. I have met with students and parents and teachers alike in my own district in Pennsylvania. I have seen the fear and the anxiety in their demeanor. I have seen the tears in their eyes. They are asking for this Congress to do what past Congresses have failed to do. Mr. Speaker, there were countless missed signals and missed opportunities that could have prevented this tragedy from happening. However, this is not the time for fingerpointing; this is a time for healing, and, more importantly, this is a time for action. We were elected to Congress not to hide from tough decisions, not to be afraid to tackle tough problems. Mr. Speaker, we were elected to lead, and lead we must. As a 14year FBI agent, I carried a weapon on my ankle every day in order to save lives and keep people safe. And as a Federal gun crimes prosecutor, I prosecuted and imprisoned those who committed violent gun crimes in order to protect people, in my role as a prosecutor, and keep our communities safe. Keeping our communities safe and protecting the Second Amendment are not mutually exclusive concepts. We can advance both and preserve both simultaneously. All we need to do, Mr. Speaker, is be willing to do what every American wants us to do, which is put away ideology and come together in a bipartisan fashion. Of all the responsibilities we have, of all of the responsibilities we have, we have no higher responsibility as elected officials, and as citizens, than to protect our kids. After the terror attacks of September 11, we said: Never again. Never again will we allow terrorists to seize control of a cockpit and turn a commercial airliner into a guided missile. What did we do? We created the Department of Homeland Security; we deployed a Federal Air Marshal Service, the likes of which this country has never seen; we fortified our cockpits; we deployed stateoftheart screening equipment across our Nation’s 450plus airports across the country. We said: Never again. I am calling on my colleagues to have the same response to school shootings: Never again. Mr. Speaker, the bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus, of which I am a proud member, has developed a wellthought out list of 10 legislative proposals that help us achieve this goal, to protect our kids, to say never again to this needless violence. I urge my colleagues in this House, Democrat and Republican alike, to show leadership in tackling these tough issues. Call for a floor vote and support these bipartisan proposals. Let’s do it for our kids. They need us now more than ever. f 
GUN SAFETY PROVISIONS MAKE A DIFFERENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I appreciated the presentation from my friend from Pennsylvania. I could not agree more that it is time for us to come forward with action. It was my honor this morning to address the Council of the Great City Schools, who are gathered in our Nation’s Capitol—board members, superintendents, dealing with the challenges of education. And they are standing in solidarity with the young people who have raised their voices calling upon Congress to finally act. One of the things that is deeply troubling is that the Republican leadership refuses to allow a robust debate and action on the floor of the House. There are dozens of provisions that we can come together, produce majorities, enact legislation that will protect children’s lives. Mr. Speaker, the Council of the Great City Schools had a resolution calling upon us to take action that I include in the RECORD . 
COUNCIL OF THE GREAT CITY SCHOOLS , RELAT ING TO SCHOOL SHOOTINGS IN THE UNITED  
STATES  WHEREAS, the Bylaws of the Council of the Great City Schools assign the Board of Directors all powers and duties necessary to define the policies and positions of the organization and state that the Board may conduct acts in furtherance of those polices, except where the organization is prohibited from doing so by law or other governing documents; WHEREAS, there is a need for the nation’s major city school systems to express their positions on school safety matters that affect its students and the children residing in its cities; WHEREAS, thousands of our students have publicly expressed concern for their safety 
and wellbeing and have indicated that policymakers should act immediately to protect them in school and beyond; WHEREAS, the leaders of the nation’s major city public school systems respect the concerns of their students, and support the growing civic and social participation of high school students that was inspired by recent events; WHEREAS, since the school shooting in Columbine in 1999, there have been numerous other school shootings, including those in Red Lake (MN), Lancaster (PA), Blacksburg (VA), Chardon (OH), Cleveland (OH), Sandy Hook (CT), Broward County (FL), and many others that have taken scores of young lives; WHEREAS, too many of our young people are shot and killed on the streets of our major cities almost every day; WHEREAS, Americans are 25 times more likely to be killed with a gun than people in other developed countries; WHEREAS, Americans make up about 4.4 percent of the world’s population but own some 42 percent of the world’s guns; WHEREAS, assault weapons have no place in society and other types of guns are too easily obtained; WHEREAS, teachers are not trained law enforcement officers, and should not be asked or incentivized to keep weapons accessible in their classrooms; WHEREAS, there is no reason based on any viable research to suggest that adding guns into a school setting or arming teachers would prevent these acts of violence; WHEREAS, schools across the country need considerable additional resources to plan for the possibility of such acts of violence, coordinate with law enforcement, and secure their buildings from intruders; WHEREAS, many schools lack the mental health counselors, psychologists, and social workers they need to identify and work with students showing warning signs for depression and violence; WHEREAS, the nation’s data collection on gun violence and gun ownership is inadequate to monitor, understand, or prevent these events from happening; and WHEREAS, the multiple school shootings that the nation has witnessed over the years have complex causes requiring multiple solutions. NOW, THEREFORE, BE IT RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools, its member districts, and staff stand with the students of Broward County Public Schools and the nation in demanding effective and comprehensive action from the federal government to protect schoolchildren; NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the Congress of the United States to ban the sale, purchase, possession, and use of assault weapons and largecapacity ammunition cartridges, except those needed by the military and law enforcement; NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the Congress of the United States to require and strengthen universal background checks to possess any type of firearm; NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the President of the United States to charge all agencies of the federal government with the task of reducing the number of gunrelated injuries and deaths in America. NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools is opposed to the arming of teachers to protect schools and children; NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the Congress of the United States to extend the perimeter of GunFree School Zones; NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the Congress of the United States to appropriate adequate new funds to allow school districts across the nation to plan and coordinate school security efforts with law enforcement officials and make other building alterations that may be necessary to protect students, teachers, and staff; NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the Congress of the United States to appropriate adequate new funds to increase the numbers of counselors, mental health staff, psychologists, and social workers in our schools; NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the Congress of the United States to appropriate adequate new funds for programs to educate students and their families on the dangers of firearms; and NOW, BE IT FURTHER RESOLVED that the Council of the Great City Schools calls on the Congress of the United States to require that states and the federal government collect whatever data necessary to track, monitor, understand, and prevent the extent of gun violence in America. 
Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, we find that areas that have acted, in the aftermath of gun violence, to increase protections for gun safety actually makes a difference. It is a lie that gun safety provisions make no difference; that, somehow, people who are intent on slaughter will not behave according to the law, they won’t obey it; it will have no impact. The evidence is that where actions are taken to reduce gun violence, to increase protections, to take guns away from people who shouldn’t have them, gun violence is reduced. In the aftermath of Sandy Hook, when this Congress was paralyzed, refused to allow a bipartisan legislation that would have increased universal background checks, for instance, the State of Connecticut acted. And over the years, they have enacted a series of provisions on gun safety that have resulted in reduced gun violence. Indeed, the States with the fewest gun safety protections, some no protections at all, have the highest rates of gun violence. b1215 We don’t have to fall victim to that type of thinking. The Council of the Great City Schools pointed out in their resolution that Americans are 25 times more likely to be killed with a gun than people in other developed countries. They reject the proposition that we have to be the only developed country that cannot protect our families from gun violence. They recognize that there is no place to arm teachers in response. There is no evidence that having teachers packing heat would make any difference at all. What it would do is add another layer of uncertainty, and more guns in schools increases the likelihood that they will be used. They categorically reject the arming of teachers, but say move forward, remove the ability of people to purchase highcapacity automatic weapons, tighten background checks, and make it easier to do research on gun violence—which this Congress has tried to make illegal. Mr. Speaker, I am hopeful that we will not have the Republican leadership continue to deny us an opportunity to fully debate the proposals that are circulating on a bipartisan basis that would make a difference dealing with background checks, dealing with taking guns away from people who shouldn’t have them; making sure that we are reducing the access to some of the most destructive military weapons that have no place circulating in society, that children not old enough, young men not old enough to buy a beer can buy an AK–47. That is wrong. Mr. Speaker, I hope that people’s hearts and minds will be touched by the eloquence that we have heard from these young people in Florida who have endured it, who have put pressure on the Florida Legislature to act. I hope we can do the same. f 
RETURNING LAND TO THE GOVERNMENT OF GUAM The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Guam (Ms. BORDALLO ) for 5 minutes. Ms. BORDALLO. Mr. Speaker, today I introduce the Guam Land Return Act of 2018. For decades, the people of Guam have worked to see their ancestral lands returned. In Congress, I have made returning land from the Federal Government to our territorial government of Guam and Guam families a top priority. Since 2003, I have secured return of more than 1,000 acres from the Federal Government to the people of Guam. My Guam Land Return Act of 2018 would reduce Federal landownership on Guam and return those lands to GovGuam and, ultimately, our people. This important legislation builds upon the work of my predecessors, former Congressman Robert A. Underwood, in particular. The Guam Land Return Act would authorize the General Services Administration to transfer Federal land, buildings, vehicles, and other heavy equipment designated as surplus to GovGuam at no cost to the taxpayers. This would provide another avenue for the Federal Government to compensate GovGuam for expenses that our territorial government is required to bear in serving migrants under the Compact of Free Association, known as Compact Impact. It would also ask Federal agencies to return more Federal land to GovGuam more quickly. The Federal Government must finally live up to its commitment to Guam and other affected U.S. jurisdictions with Compact migrant residents. I continue working to secure full Federal reimbursements for GovGuam’s costs in providing local services to Compact migrants. Indeed, I have sponsored the Compact Impact Relief Act, H.R. 4761, this year. 
I have also championed legislation to reimburse GovGuam for Compact Impact at the mandatory $180 million annual level recommended by the Government Accountability Office. Transfers of valuable surplus Federal property under my Guam Land Return Act provide yet another way to increase Federal reimbursement to GovGuam for Compact Impact expenses, and these transfers of surplus property would occur at no cost to the Federal Government or the taxpayers. Our island of Guam hosts a substantial U.S. military presence and is a strategic forwardfacing domestic military base in the important AsiaPacific region. In January of 2011, the U.S. military made a commitment to the people of Guam to reduce Federal landownership and the military’s footprint on Guam. Importantly, the commitment coincides with the buildup of American military personnel and base resources on Guam, part of the relocation of U.S. Marines from Okinawa, Japan. U.S. military and Defense Department leadership under the Trump administration have reaffirmed this net negative commitment to our people and to me, personally. Since January of 2011, the Defense Department has returned approximately 686 acres to GovGuam. My Guam Land Return Act holds the Defense Department accountable for meeting the netnegative commitment in full. This legislation would require the Secretary of Defense to maintain a public inventory of all land parcels the Defense Department expects to ultimately transfer to GovGuam under the netnegative commitment. My legislation outlines 17 specific Federal land parcels, totalling 476 acres that should be transferred to GovGuam. The Guam Land Reform Act would also provide a public mechanism for the Governor of Guam to petition the Defense Department to consider transferring additional land parcels to GovGuam under the netnegative commitment. Lastly, my legislation includes several provisions relating to current and former Federal land on Guam. Two provisions ensure that nocost transfers of surplus Federal land and other valuable property do not create additional liabilities or public safety concerns for the Federal Government relating to environmental cleanup or flight paths for air traffic control. One section removes an antiquated Federal restriction on 927 acres on Guam’s Cabras Island, which GovGuam has owned since 1981. The people of Guam are patriotic Americans and support our military servicemembers and their families and the Nation’s veterans, and at the same time, the people of Guam want to see their ancestral lands returned, and rightfully so. 
b1400 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. RICEof South Carolina) at 2 p.m. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, the Reverend Patrick J. Conroy, offered the following prayer: Dear Lord, we give You thanks for giving us another day. You are the source of all life and unconditional love. The House of Representatives is a noble institution which embraces the highest aspirations of the Nation’s people and embodies their lasting values. Help the Members of this House to look at themselves, their politics, priorities, and the Nation’s interests with new vision in the light of Your Spirit. Help them to be wise and patient legislators, seeking not immediate political wins, but a productive future which will nourish the stability of our homeland and reap a harvest of peace in the world. May all that is done this day be for Your greater honor and glory. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DUNN) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. DUNN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STAFF SERGEANT CARL ENIS (Mr. DUNN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a life that was lost too soon. Staff Sergeant Carl Enis from Tallahassee was tragically killed in the Black Hawk helicopter crash that claimed the lives of seven members of the United States Air Force in western Iraq last week. Sergeant Enis graduated from Florida State University, and went on to get his MBA in 2017. He chose to selflessly serve our country and he joined the Air Force after college, serving as a pararescueman, where he performed combat rescue missions as a member of the elite 308th Rescue Squadron. Sergeant Enis loved the outdoors, and he even had a blog about hunting, fishing, and hiking. He was loved and respected by all who met him. Mr. Speaker, please join me in honoring Staff Sergeant Carl Enis and all of our fallen heroes who gave their last full measure of devotion to this country to make Americans safe at home and abroad. f 
CELEBRATING MS. BETTYE JEAN WILSON FRANKLIN’S 90TH BIRTHDAY (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of Ms. Bettye Jean Wilson Franklin’s 90th birthday. Ms. Franklin was born March 18, 1928. She is a native of Fort Worth. Ms. Franklin attended and graduated from the historical I.M. Terrell High School. Her passion for education inspired her to work for the Fort Worth Independent School District for 27 years until she retired in 1990. But it is her everlasting commitment to her faith that is wellknown among her friends and family. Ms. Franklin has been a faithful member of the Saint James Baptist Church for the last 77 years, where she contributed in various capacities, including her participation in the senior choir for 52 years. In addition, she serves her community as a member of the Greater Fort Worth Area Negro Business and Professional Women’s Club, and the Fort Worth Zeta Amicae Auxiliary of Zeta Phi Beta Sorority. Ms. Franklin is also a member of the Eastern Star Southern Beauty Chapter 446, and served as Grand Secretary of the Masonic Grand Chapter Order of Eastern Star of Texas for 13 years. She is the proud mother of two daughters, a grandmother of four grandchildren, and the greatgrandmother to her seven greatgrandchildren. Happy 90th birthday, Ms. Franklin. I wish you continued health and happiness on this milestone occasion. 
CONGRATULATIONS TO THE FOREST HILLS HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL TEAM (Mr. PITTENGER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of the state champion Forest Hills High School basketball team that won the North Carolina High School Athletic Association 2–A Championship on March 10. 
Forest Hills High School is located in Marshville, North Carolina. This is their first basketball championship in school history. Yellow Jackets junior guard Jai Rorie made four free throws in the final 14 seconds to lead his team to a 63 to 59 victory. Congratulations to the team: Brandon Barrier, Dillon Wright, Cam Richardson, Jaquan Williams, Asiah Byrd, Trey Belin, Jaleel McLaughlin, Tanner Lowery, Tyquan Rushing, Jamylan Blakeney, Garrett Horne, Jalen Huntley, Keeshawn Tyson, Nasione Tyson, Jai Rorie, and Josh Owens; Congratulations to head coach Matt Sides; and assistant coaches Danny Bailey, Garrett Malone, and Keith Sides. Go, Yellow Jackets. 
WORLD CIVILITY DAY (Mr. VISCLOSKY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. VISCLOSKY. Mr. Speaker, today I recognize the initiative of Mr. Chuck Hughes and Dr. Gordon E. Bradshaw from the city of Gary Chamber of Commerce. Their dedicated efforts have created the Community Civility Counts initiative and a World Civility Day, which will celebrate its third annual occurrence on April 12. World Civility Day was established as a day to become more aware of our behavior toward others and to think about how we can bring more understanding into our lives and the lives of others. We live in a time when we can all benefit from being a little bit more civil. We live in a time when a kind gesture can have a great consequence for creating a just and tolerant society. I congratulate the initiative and dedicated work of Mr. Hughes and Dr. Bradshaw. I ask my colleagues to join me this World Civility Day and every day to do our part to bring a little more empathy into our world. 
FOREST FIRE RELIEF (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to urge House leadership to include some very important forestry priorities in the upcoming omnibus funding bill. We all agree that fire borrowing must be fixed. Raiding funds is no way to run a business. But we need much more than that. We need active forest management reforms in order to prevent another devastating wildfire year like we just witnessed in California, as we seem to do every year in the West. There are over 100 million dead trees right now in just California alone, and they will only turn into tinderboxes if we cannot remove them as we should. For example, my bill, the Electricity Reliability and Forest Protection Act, would allow utility companies to clear a tree in danger of falling on a power line in these rightsofway without months of paperwork and the liability relief they need in case the government doesn’t give them the permission to do it timely. But congressional leadership on the other side of the aisle refuses to budge when it comes to meaningful forestry management reforms to remove these hazardous dead trees, which is even worse for forest health when we continue to have these fires for no good reason. I urge them to come to California, come to the north State, come breathe the dirty air each summer when we see firsthand the damage these wildfires cause. Listen to the people who are impacted, who are endangered, and who have to breathe that bad air each year because of these forest fires that are allowed to happen because the government will not manage its land. Why do we continue to allow this to happen? I don’t know. f 
RECOGNIZING THE BUCKS COUNTY CHILDREN’S MUSEUM (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize The Bucks County Children’s Museum and the impactful programs that they bring to our community. Located in New Hope, the museum focuses on creating fun for children up to 7 years old who enjoy using their imagination. At 9,000 square feet, the Children’s Museum provides something for every kid. From ‘‘The Hospital’’ exhibit, where kids can put on a lab coat, drive an ambulance, and perform an operation, to the ‘‘Town Square,’’ where kids can go back in time to a ‘‘turn of the century’’ general store, or ride the Express train. Our kids can take a virtual hot air balloon or grab a shovel and dig to find artifacts buried in a ‘‘Digging’’ exhibit. It is incredibly important that we continue to inspire and educate our next generation. I thank the Bucks County Children’s Museum for what they do to bring wonder and wonderful experiences to the youngest citizens of Bucks County. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2030) to deem the compliance date for amended energy conservation standards for ceiling fan light kits to be January 21, 2020, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2030 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ceiling Fan Energy Conservation Harmonization Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) and the gentleman from California (Mr. MCNERNEY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 
legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, energy efficiency can provide benefits for consumers, for job creating businesses, for energy security, and for the environment, but we have got to make sure that it is done right; and that is why I support S. 2030, Ceiling Fan Energy Conservation Harmonization Act, which was sponsored by my good friend from North Carolina, RICHARD HUDSON , and certainly has strong bipartisan cosponsorship, including Mr. CARTER , Mr. R USH, Mr. PETERS , and Mr. B UTTERFIELD . Mr. Speaker, I would urge all of my colleagues to support this bill. As most of you know, ceiling fans often come with lights attached, thus, they serve two purposes for consumers. The Department of Energy regulates the energy efficiency of both the ceiling fans and the ceiling fan lights, and stringent new standards are scheduled to take effect in the next 2 years; but for some reason, DOE set the deadline for the ceiling fan light kits in 2019, while the ceiling fan standard deadline is in 2020. This bill, S. 2030, would take the logical step of aligning the compliance deadlines for ceiling fans and ceiling fan light kits so that they both occur in 2020. This should ease the compliance burden for some manufacturers, make things easier for retailers, and may help lower the costs, in fact, for all consumers. Although ceiling fan regulations may not be a frontburner issue, we ought to make sure that we take every opportunity to streamline Federal regs and help keep compliance costs down. That is why I would urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this, what I would consider, noncontroversial bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2030, the Ceiling Fan Energy Conservation Harmonization Act. Mr. Speaker, I agree with the chairman on this issue. It is bipartisan, and we are going to go ahead and do this law right. Now, S. 2030 is essentially identical to H.R. 3477, legislation introduced by my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee, Mr. HUDSON and Mr. BUTTERFIELD . The purpose of the legislation is to align the current 2019 compliance deadline for ceiling fan light kit standards with a separate standard for ceiling fans set for 2020. S. 2030 essentially extends the compliance deadline for the rule amending the standards for ceiling fan light kits by just over 1 year to January 21, 2020, so they can both occur at the same time. The Energy Policy and Conservation Act, as amended by the Energy Policy Act of 2005, required the Department of Energy to put in place efficiency standards for ceiling light kits. The DOE has determined that increasing efficiency standards for ceiling fan light kits would conserve energy more, while being economically feasible. The DOE finally put forth the standard that, as stated previously, would take effect in January of next year. However, because the DOE did not meet the statutory deadline for promulgating a ceiling fan lighting kit standard, certain backstop requirements have been triggered that would be vitiated by the new regulations. Some have raised questions as to whether the enactment of this legislation would result in an extension of portions of these backstop requirements. I think it is important for manufacturers that we respond to this question, and it is my intent, later on in this debate, to enter into a colloquy with the chairman in order to provide direction to the DOE and make clear Congress’ intent with regard to this matter. New standards for these kits will save money and reduce carbon emissions, and I believe the sooner they are in place, the better for consumers and for our environment. Having said that, the bill is not opposed by any environmental, community, or consumer groups. Perhaps this is because it is sensible legislation that will greatly help retailers by eliminating unnecessary burdens for sellers of the products, while only minimally delaying new standards. Mr. Speaker, I would like to have a brief colloquy with Mr. UPTON , the chairman of the Subcommittee on Energy. As I understand the purpose of S. 2030, it is to delay the January 7, 2019, compliance deadline for the latest ceiling fan light kit efficiency standard so as to align it with the January 21, 2020, compliance deadline for ceiling fans overall. Thus the efficiency standards for ceiling fans and for ceiling fan lights will go into force at the same time on January 21, 2020. Is that correct? Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. MCNERNEY. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is correct. That is correct. That is the purpose. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I further understand that, pursuant to current law, because the DOE has not yet promulgated a ceiling fan light kit standard, there are backstop standards that have taken effect. As a part of this backstop, no ceiling fan light kit can be offered for sale in interstate commerce whose lamps use more than 180 watts of electricity. To ensure this result, ceiling fan light kits are required to include a device that limits lamp efficiency consumption to 190 watts or less. Am I correct in that understanding? Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. MCNERNEY. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is correct. I would note that in the gentleman’s earlier statement, he said: ‘‘whose lamps use more than 180 watts of electricity,’’ but, in fact, it is 190 watts or less, but the gentleman, again, is correct. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, again reclaiming my time. I thank the chairman and acknowledge that correction. I understand that, in preparation for ceiling fan light kit standards going into effect in January 2019, many manufacturers have already switched production and produced kits without the device that limits total lamp consumption to 190 watts or less. Lighting manufacturers have informed me that the limiting device has been a major source of product failure and that, due to the vast gains in lightbulb technology and a huge drop in the price of highly efficient bulbs, it is no longer necessary to have such a device to keep consumption low. Unfortunately, because the limiter requirement is tied by statute to the date of enactment of the new standard, technically this bill that is designed to ease regulatory burdens may inadvertently extend for an additional year the 190watt limiter requirement. I do not believe this is the intent of this body or our colleagues on the other side of the Capitol, in other words, the Senate. Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. MCNERNEY. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman is correct. I, too, have heard from lighting manufacturers, and I sympathize with the concerns asserted by them regarding potential unintended consequences. The intent of this bill, and, for that matter, my intent, is to keep the compliance deadline for changes to the 190 watt limiter requirement at January 7, 2019. We now know that the limiter requirement adds to the cost to consumers, it can compromise ceiling fan reliability, and is no longer needed to meet efficiency standards. The final rule that included the ceiling fan light kit standards also provided that the 190watt limiter requirement is deemed to be met by any product that complies with the new efficiency standards. The bottom line is that the 190watt limiter should no longer be required beginning on January 7, 2019. This bill, S. 2030, seeks to delay the ceiling fan light kit compliance deadline only, but not to delay the change to the 190watt limiter requirement. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I thank the chairman for confirming that the provisions 
of S. 2030 are not intended to delay the change to the 190watt limiter requirement. Mr. Speaker, I believe ceiling fan lighting kit manufacturers have acted in good faith in the runup to the change in the standard and that they should not be penalized for producing light kits without the 190watt limiting device. In my view, DOE should take whatever steps are necessary to revise its rules to allow these otherwise compliant kits to be sold and should take no enforcement actions against manufacturers solely because a kit fails to include the 190watt limiting device. That doesn’t mean the Department should stop all enforcement to ensure compliance with standards for these kits, but it should specifically forgo action against companies for failing to include a limiting device. Mr. Speaker, I ask if the chairman shares my view. Mr. UPTON. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. MCNERNEY. I yield to the gentleman from Michigan. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Yes, I do share that view. This bill directs the Secretary of Energy to make technical and conforming changes to any implementing regulation so as to carry out the provisions in this bill. In carrying out this requirement, DOE should make clear to the regulated community that the specific inclusion of a wattlimiting device is no longer needed for a kit to be deemed to meet the 190wattorless consumption requirement. I further want to associate myself with the gentleman’s comments regarding enforcement. The Secretary should take whatever steps are necessary to ensure that no enforcement action is taken against any manufacturer solely because a kit fails to include the 190watt limiting device. To the extent he can, the Secretary should make clear in a public manner that DOE will not enforce against these manufacturers with regard to this particular matter so that no producer holds back their product for the market out of fear of violation. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, reclaiming my time, I want to thank the chairman for his indulgence in this important clarification of legislative intent. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCNERNEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I again want to thank the chairman and commend my colleagues in both Chambers, specifically Mr. HUDSON and Mr. B UTTERFIELD , for working on this bill. The legislation enjoys support from both sides of the aisle on this committee; and, in fact, the House version of the bill, H.R. 3477, passed both the Energy Subcommittee and the full Energy and Commerce Committee by a voice vote with almost no debate. Similarly, the Senate companion, which is before us now, passed that body by unanimous consent. I hope that we can do the same today and swiftly send this to the President’s desk for his signature. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the passage of S. 2030. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2030. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1600 DHS CYBER INCIDENT RESPONSE TEAMS ACT OF 2018 Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5074) to authorize cyber incident response teams at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5074 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Cyber Incident Response Teams Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. M CCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the DHS Cyber Incident Response Teams Act. Before I discuss the bill, however, I would like to say a few words about the recent bombings in my hometown of Austin. In the past month, there have been a total of four bombings that have killed two people and injured four others. These are heinous, hateful acts on innocent Americans, and they will not be tolerated. I know the people of Austin very well, and they will not be intimidated. I urge everyone back home to take caution and heed the warnings of local law enforcement. We will find whoever is responsible for these bombings and bring them to justice. 
Mr. Speaker, I would like to now address the bill I have introduced and the threats confronting our cybersecurity. As technology advances, more and more people are relying on their computers, iPads, and smartphones for both personal and professional use. In short, Mr. Speaker, everyone is a target. But our enemies do not just attack individuals and their devices. They also put America’s critical infrastructure sectors in their crosshairs, endangering all aspects of civilian life. These sectors include our financial services, healthcare systems, dams, and our energy production, among others. All of them play a vital role in making America work, and each one is vulnerable to an attack. Last week, the FBI and DHS reported that Russian hackers had engineered a series of cyber attacks against American and European nuclear power plants and electric systems. Crippling or shutting down our power plants would have catastrophic effects. We also know that Russia tried to undermine the credibility of our democratic system in the 2016 elections and are likely to try again in 2018. Strengthening our cyber election security needs to be a bipartisan priority. Russia is not the only perpetrator of these kinds of attacks. Between 2011 and 2013, Iranian hackers attacked dozens of U.S. banks and even tried to shut down a dam in New York. In 2015, we learned that Chinese hackers gained access to the private information of 80 million members and employees of Anthem healthcare. The Chinese also stole 22 million security clearances, including my own, from OPM. This attack allowed them to obtain highly sensitive personal data, including fingerprints and Social Security numbers. These continual onslaughts are part of a greater cyber war being carried out against the United States, even as I stand here and speak. Unfortunately, it doesn’t stop there. Our adversaries have weaponized technology and are using it to engage in espionage and to steal our intellectual property. This costs our economy hundreds of billions of dollars each year. In fact, former NSA Director, General Keith Alexander, described this theft as the ‘‘greatest transfer of wealth in history.’’ We must do more to stop these attacks. That is why I have prioritized the cybersecurity mission of DHS as chairman of the Homeland Security Committee. Through CISA, the previous bill which passed the House in December, we are elevating and making operational the Department’s cybersecurity and infrastructure protection missions. As part of the landmark DHS reauthorization, which passed the House in July, the Department will be required to provide volunteer assistance to State and local election officials upon request. These were important bipartisan steps, but we need to do more. The legislation before us today codifies and enhances the cyber incident response times at DHS. These teams shall provide, upon request, assistance to asset owners and operators following cyber incidents, including with election infrastructure. These teams may also include cybersecurity specialists from the private sector to provide outside expertise, which is a new, innovative breakthrough. By fostering this new collaboration between government and private sector, we can harness our talent and maximize our efforts to stay one step ahead of our enemies. This innovative approach serves as a force multiplier to enhance our cybersecurity workforce. Being able to utilize a great number of experts will strengthen our efforts to protect our cyber networks. My bill provides DHS with that necessary capability. The American people deserve to know that we are making every effort to strengthen our cybersecurity. This bill helps us achieve that goal, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of H.R. 5074, the DHS Cyber Incident Response Teams Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, at the outset, let me again support the chairman’s comments about Austin, Texas. We talked a little bit about it last week in a hearing and, since that hearing, another incident has occurred. Terrorism, whether it is domestic or whatever, has no place in this country. I look forward to the capture of the person or persons who are committing these heinous acts in Austin, as well as providing whatever resources might go toward any future apprehensions. Mr. Speaker, last week, the Department of Homeland Security issued a technical alert with the FBI on the Russian Government’s efforts to use cyber tools to target our critical infrastructure—including our energy, water, aviation, and commercial facilities, critical infrastructure sectors. DHS and the FBI released the alert amidst ongoing discussions about the urgent need to better secure our election infrastructure against Russian targeting and as the sophisticated cyber capabilities of Iran, North Korea, China, and nonstate actors continue to evolve. H.R. 5074, the DHS Cyber Incident Response Teams Act of 2018, would codify DHS’ Hunt and Incident Response Teams into law. The Department deploys Hunt and Incident Response Teams to owners and operators of critical infrastructure, upon request and free of charge after a cybersecurity incident. These DHS teams provide intrusion analysis, identify malicious actors, analyze malicious tools, and provide mitigation assistance strategies. They are DHS’ ‘‘boots on the ground’’ in cyber incident response and, as such, play an integral role in improving the cybersecurity posture of critical infrastructure owners and operators. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, the President’s decision last week to finally issue sanctions in response to meddling in the 2016 election was long overdue. Though it was a positive move, I believe it will do little to deter the Russian Government from using cyber tools to target our critical infrastructure. The Trump administration has yet to put any meaningful strategy in place to address ongoing efforts by the Russian Government—or any other bad actor, for that matter—to undermine the stability of the U.S. economy and government infrastructure in cyberspace. We must ensure that organizations have access to highquality cyber incident response capabilities. H.R. 5074 would do just that, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a hugely important issue. I think cyber often gets overlooked when we look at kinetic threats of nuclear missiles coming out of North Korea, which is obviously a huge threat to the United States and its allies. But in cyberspace, we are at war, as well, with countries like Russia and China and Iran and North Korea, the Russian meddling in the elections. We can’t sit idly by and let that happen again in 2018. I think this is, as Mr. THOMPSON stated, a very bipartisan issue that we need to work together on against our foreign adversaries that every day are trying to undermine us, stealing intellectual property, espionage, or bringing down things in a cyber warfare attack. It is not the future of warfare; it is warfare here and now. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5074, the DHS Cyber Incident Response Teams Act of 2018. The ‘‘DHS Cyber Incident Response Teams Act of 2018,’’ codifies DHS’ National Cybersecurity and Communications Coordination Center (NCCIC) hunt and incident response teams which the Department currently deploys to provide intrusion analysis, identify malicious actors, analyze malicious tools, and provide mitigation assistance to entities requesting assistance after a cybersecurity incident. The DHS’ Hunt and Incident Response Teams play an integral role in improving the cybersecurity posture of critical infrastructure owners and operators, from energy and nuclear power firms to state and local governments administering elections. The bill requires the NCCIC to submit information to Congress regarding metrics for the teams, at the conclusion of the first four years after enactment. In 2016, Russian actors targeted U.S. election infrastructure, hackers escalated efforts to 
breach the domestic energy sector, and WannaCry and NotPetya ransomware wreaked havoc on public and private infrastructure around the world. According to Symantec, a leading provider of cybersecurity solutions, said that ‘‘The world of cyber espionage experienced a notable shift towards more overt activity, designed to destabilize and disrupt targeted organizations and countries.’’ These threats to cyber security are not new. In June 2015, it was reported that the Office of Personnel Management lost personal information on 21.5 million current and former federal employees and their families. In 2017, the following were reported attacks and breaches: WannaCry ransomware that infected millions of networks worldwide; and the Equifax hack exposed millions of American’s credit information to cyberthieves; Our nation’s critical infrastructure and civilian government agencies depend on the cybersecurity talent and resources that the Department of Homeland Security can provide on the frontline to defend against attacks. As cyber threats continue to evolve and become more sophisticated, so must U.S. efforts to confront them. The Department of Homeland Security plays a central role in the federal government’s cybersecurity apparatus and in coordinating federal efforts to secure critical infrastructure. DHS is charged with coordinating agency efforts to secure the (dot).gov Domain, while also serving as the hub for cybersecurity information sharing between and among the private sector and federal government. Earlier this Congress, I introduced H.R. 3202, the Cyber Vulnerability Disclosure Reporting Act, which was passed by the full House and is now in the Senate. H.R. 3202 requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to submit a report on the policies and procedures developed for coordinating cyber vulnerability disclosures. The report will include an annex with information on instances in which cyber security vulnerability disclosure policies and procedures were used to disclose details on identified weaknesses in computing systems that or digital devices at risk. The report will provide information on the degree to which the information provided by DHS was used by industry and other stakeholders. The reason that I worked to bring this bill before the committee is the problem often referred to as a ‘‘Zero Day Event,’’ which describes the situation that network security professionals may find themselves when a previously unknown error in computing code is exploited by a cybercriminal or terrorist. As with other threats that this nation has faced and overcome, we must create the resources and the institutional responses to protect our nation against cyber threats while preserving our liberties and freedoms. We cannot accomplish this task without the full cooperation and support of the private sector, computing research community and academia. This level of engagement requires the trust and confidence of the American people that this new cyber threat center will be used for the purpose it was created and that the collaboration of others in this effort to better protect computing networks will be used only for protection and defense. There are people with skills and those with the potential to develop skills that would be of benefit to our nation’s efforts to develop an effective cybersecurity defense and deterrence posture. It is my hope that as we move forward the Committee on Homeland Security will continue in a bipartisan manner to seek out the best ways to bring the brightest and most qualified people into the government as cybersecurity professionals. With this policy objective in mind, I look forward to working with the Committee on H.R. 1981, the Cyber Security Education and Federal Workforce Enhancement Act. I urge my Colleagues in the House to join me in voting for H.R. 5074. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5074, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1615 AIR CARGO SECURITY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4176) to strengthen air cargo security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4176 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Air Cargo Security Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4176, the Air Cargo Security Improvement Act of 2018. The Transportation Security Administration is responsible for securing all modes of transportation, and implicit in this responsibility is the security of air cargo. Air cargo represents more that 35 percent of global trade by value, which translates to approximately $6.8 trillion worth of goods annually. Given the impact that air cargo has on the U.S. and global economy, it is not surprising that this sector remains an appealing target for terrorists. Several incidents have demonstrated that terrorists may seek to target U.S. bound shipments by exploiting weaknesses in air cargo security overseas. In 2010, explosive devices concealed in packages bound for the United States from Yemen went undetected by initial screenings. Authorities indicated that the explosives were probably intended to detonate midflight over a U.S. city. More recently, in July 2017, bomb making materials were transported undetected from Turkey to Australia in an air cargo shipment. H.R. 4176, the Air Cargo Security Improvement Act of 2018, is a timely and necessary step towards a more secure and resilient industry. This legislation establishes an air cargo security division within the TSA to carry out all air cargo security policy and stakeholder engagement. Unlike the TSA’s operational role in passenger screening at checkpoints, the TSA functions in an oversight and regulatory capacity with respect to air cargo screening. Initiatives like the Certified Cargo Screening Program and the Known Shipper Management System enable the TSA to leverage key partnerships with manufacturers, shippers, freight forwarders, passenger airlines, and all cargo airlines to meet the 100 percent screening mandate of all freight on passenger aircraft. H.R. 4176 requires the review of the Certified Cargo Screening Program and the Known Shipper Program to ensure that applicable regulations enhance program effectiveness. These initiatives are aided by cargo screening technologies designed to meet the logistical demands of the industry. H.R. 4176 requires the TSA Administrator to conduct a feasibility study and a subsequent pilot program on expanding the use of computed tomography—CT—and other emerging technologies for air cargo screening. Through October 2017, air cargo activity increased more than 10 percent from 2016 levels, the largest yearover year growth in more than a decade, with the largest growth seen among international shipments to and from the United States. In coordination with the cargo industry, the Customs and Border Protection—CBP—and the TSA have been pilot testing a riskbased approach to vet air cargo shipments known as the Air Cargo Advanced Screening system, with an emphasis on improving inspections on overseas shipments. Accordingly, H.R. 4176 requires the full deployment of ACAS for inbound international air cargo. The Air Cargo Security Improvement Act of 2018 is a sensible and progressive solution that will help to modernize the security of air cargo shipments and operations while ensuring the flow of commerce. I thank the ranking member of the full committee, Mr. THOMPSON , for advancing this legislation. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4176, the Air Cargo Security Improvement Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4176 seeks to improve the Transportation Security Administration’s ability to address air cargobased security threats. Last July, thenSecretary of Homeland Security, John Kelly, identified such acts as a major concern, explaining that there are people out there, very smart people, very sophisticated people who do nothing but try to figure out how to blow up an airplane in flight. Later that month, Australian authorities charged four men with plotting to bring down a passenger plane on behalf of ISIS with a bomb in the air cargo hold. This foiled terror plot underscores the need for the TSA to give focused attention to this clear and present security threat. The increased risk to air cargo comes at a time when the volume of goods being moved by air cargo has multiplied, with 2016 volumes nearly back to prerecession levels. If enacted, my bill would require the TSA to establish an air cargo security division to carry out air cargo security policy and stakeholder engagement responsibilities. Further, it would direct the TSA to pilot emerging technologies for screening cargo, such as computed tomography, for integration into current security programs. I urge my colleagues to join me in advancing this necessary and straightforward Homeland Security legislation. Mr. Speaker, while passenger and baggage screening efforts are the most visible part of aviation security, protecting against air cargobased threats is just as critical. Enactment of H.R. 4176 will ensure that the TSA is positioned to stay ahead of this everevolving security threat that face all who navigate our skies. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 4176, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this common sense piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior Member of the Committee on Homeland Security, a former chairman of the Transportation and Protective Security Subcommittee, and an original cosponsor, I rise in strong support of H.R. 4176, ‘‘Air Cargo Security Improvement Act of 2017.’’ H.R. 4176 will strengthen the nation’s air cargo security networks by requiring the Transportation Security Administration to establish an air cargo security division within the agency. 
Within 120 days of enactment, TSA would conduct a feasibility study on the expanded use of computed tomography for air cargo. Following the study, TSA would be required to initiate a pilot program to achieve enhanced air cargo security screening through the use of new or emerging technologies. Within 150 days of enactment, TSA would be required to report to Congress on actions to improve the effectiveness of the Certified Cargo Screening Program. The Government Accountability Office is tasked with reviewing the effectiveness of DHS’ approach to addressing the air cargo security risk, including the riskbased strategy for examining air cargo and ensuring compliance with air cargo security rules. TSA would be required to request that the Aviation Security Advisory Committee’s Subcommittee on Air Cargo conduct a comprehensive review of TSA’s Known Shipper Program. Mr. Speaker, thirteen years ago, the U.S. National Commission on Terrorist Attacks upon the United States (9/11 Commission) expressed concerns ‘‘regarding the screening and transport of checked bags and cargo.’’ The Commission called for called for more attention and resources to be directed to reducing or mitigating the threat posed by explosives in vessels’ cargo holds. Today, the threat of a terrorist attack using air cargo is significant. In fact, in July, thenSecretary of Homeland Security John Kelly identified cargobased aviation attacks as a major concern, explaining ‘‘there are people out there, very smart people, very sophisticated people who do nothing but try to figure out how to blow up an airplane in flight.’’ Secretary Kelly also said ‘‘There is a fair amount of cargo, what we would attribute to just cargo flown on passenger airplane on space available. Terrorists are constantly looking for ways to do this.’’ This increase in the air cargo security risk comes at a time when the volume of goods being moved by air cargo has increased, with 2016 volume back to approximately 98.4 percent of prerecession levels with airlines transporting 52 million metric tons of goods. In response to this security risk, H.R. 4176 directs the Transportation Security Administration to take a number of steps to enhance its responsibilities for air cargo and require the agency to aggressively move towards addressing current and future threats to air cargo. Specifically, H.R. 4176 clarifies air cargo security responsibilities at TSA, encourages further technological developments for screening air cargo, directs a review of existing air cargo programs, and requires the Department of Homeland Security to make the Air Cargo Advance Screening Program permanent. The threat posed by terrorists’ abilities and desires to exploit vulnerabilities cannot be understated and they have demonstrably set their targets on air cargo. We need to be timely and precise in addressing air cargo security, as we cannot afford, nor should the American public tolerate, otherwise. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for H.R. 4176 so we can make Americans more secure from the threat of an air cargobased terrorist attack. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4176, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ENHANCING DHS’ FUSION CENTER TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM ACT Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5099) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security a fusion center technical assistance program. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5099 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Enhancing DHS’ Fusion Center Technical Assistance Program Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support H.R. 5099, the Enhancing DHS’ Fusion Center Technical Assistance Program Act. Today, the Nation is facing a complex and evolving threat. Terrorist attacks, like the New York City vehicle attack and the Pulse nightclub shooting, have been carried out by individuals inspired by ISIS and other terrorist organizations. These type of lone wolf attacks appear to be the new normal. This means that now, more than ever, it is imperative that we have strong preventive activities in place, including intelligence and information sharing. Since 9/11, States and major urban areas established fusion centers to build up the preventive activities by creating an avenue for greater collaboration between Federal, State, and local governments with regards to terrorism and information sharing. These State and locally owned fusion centers have largely evolved from terroristfocused centers to allcrimes, allhazard centers working on a range of relevant Homeland Security issues, including cybersecurity. I was able to see the work of one of these fusion centers firsthand when I visited my home State’s fusion center, the Kansas Intelligence Fusion Center—KIFC—earlier this year. I was very impressed with their operation. I want to ensure that the Department of Homeland Security is fully supporting this center and the other 78 fusion centers across the United States. That is why I was troubled to hear about a key fusion center resource in the DHS not living up to its potential. In 2009, the DHS created a fusion center technical assistance program to provide fusion centers with assistance on a range of topics, including suspicious activity reporting and other relevant trainings. However, based on the findings from the committee’s recent fusion center report and my meetings with fusion center personnel, this program is not meeting the needs of the National Network of Fusion Centers. This is why I introduced H.R. 5099, the Enhancing DHS’ Fusion Center Technical Assistance Program Act. This bill provides formal authorization for the DHS fusion center technical assistance program and a clear set of directives on the services to be provided by the program, including assistance related to available grant funding and DHS terrorism prevention programs, as well as intelligence and information sharing. 
The bill expands the role of the program to include being a repository of best practices relevant to fusion center activities, including cybersecurity. This is a commonsense bill that should help strengthen the Nation’s ability to prevent and protect against terrorist attacks and other Homeland Security relevant events. Earlier this month, this legislation was passed out of the Committee on Homeland Security by a voice vote. I would like to thank Chairman MCCAUL and Mr. GALLAGHER for cosponsoring this legislation. I urge all my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5099, the Enhancing DHS’ Fusion Center Technical Assistance Program Act. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5099 would authorize the Department of Homeland Security’s existing fusion center technical assistance program. Currently, there are 79 fusion centers operating in the United States. Each fusion center relies on the DHS to help assist with intelligence products and information sharing activities, terrorism prevention initiatives, and Homeland Security grant programs. This bill seeks to solidify engagement between representatives at the fusion centers with their partners in the departments like FEMA and the DHS intelligence branch. Specifically, the program provides technical assistance on topics like best practices for information sharing regarding threats and operating a fusion center. By codifying this existing program, H.R. 5099 seeks to strengthen the DHS’ partnership with fusion centers to ensure that they are wellpositioned to address a wide range of diverse security threats that may emerge. The bill passed committee unanimously and would amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002. I urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, the security and well being of our country is dependent upon the timely sharing of threat information between our law enforcement and intelligence personnel. Importantly, one of the key areas where the DHS will provide expertise to fusion centers under H.R. 5099 is with respect to the protection of privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 5099, and I yield back the balance of my time. b1630 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank the ranking member for his support on this legislation. I would once again urge my colleagues to support this commonsense bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5099. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VEHICULAR TERRORISM PREVENTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4227) to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to examine what actions the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to combat the threat of vehicular terrorism, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4227 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Vehicular Terrorism Prevention Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) and the gentleman from Mississippi (Mr. THOMPSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4227, the Vehicular Terrorism Prevention Act, introduced by the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ). H.R. 4227 requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to examine the threat of vehicular terrorism and develop a strategy to improve DHS support for the efforts of emergency responders and the private sector to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such a threat. Terror groups, including ISIS and al Qaida, have urged supporters to carry out attacks in their home countries using any means necessary, including vehicle ramming. Terrorists and inspired homegrown extremists have heeded this directive and have carried out vehiclebased attacks in the past several years, including in France, England, Spain, Ohio, and, most recently, New York City. The majority of prevention, mitigation, and response activities related to vehicle attacks are carried out by first responders and the private sector. DHS has existing resources and programs that can be better utilized to prepare frontline personnel in local communities to address this threat. This includes guidance related to the use of existing grant programs, increased information sharing, promoting suspicious activity reporting, increasing available exercises and training programs, dedicated research and development targeting mitigation measures, and utilizing critical infrastructure protection programs for vehicle ramming prevention. H.R. 4227, the Vehicular Terrorism Prevention Act, requires the Secretary to develop a plan on how to improve and increase those capabilities. This bill passed by voice vote in the Committee on Homeland Security in early March. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representative LATTA for his work on this important measure, and I urge my colleagues to support the bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4227, the Vehicular Terrorism Prevention Act of 2018. 
Mr. Speaker, terror groups have urged their supporters to carry out acts of violence by any means necessary, including by ramming a vehicle into a crowd. In fact, both ISIS and al Qaida have published propaganda encouraging such vehiclebased terrorist attacks. Sadly, over the past few years, vehiclebased terrorist attacks have been carried out at home and abroad, taking the lives and injuring too many innocent people. One of the most shocking attacks was carried out on July 14, 2016, when a truck plowed into a crowd celebrating France’s Independence Day, which resulted in the deaths of 86 people and injured nearly 500. More recently, in October of 2017, a driver took the lives of eight people when he purposely careened his truck into a path in Lower Manhattan that was full of pedestrians and cyclists. This tactic has not confined itself to one ideological group. On August 12, 2017, a selfprofessed neoNazi drove his car into a crowd of counterprotestors demonstrating the march held by alt right activists in Charlottesville, Virginia. The attack killed Heather D. Heyer and injured 35 others. Just this month, a former Marine Corps reservist rammed his pickup truck into a convenience store in Watson, Louisiana. Later, we learned that he mistakenly believed the store was owned by Muslims. To address this emerging threat, H.R. 4227 would require the Department of Homeland Security to report to Congress on support provided to emergency responders and private sector partners to counter the threat of vehiclebased attacks. Mr. Speaker, I support this timely legislation and believe that enactment would improve DHS’ efforts to prevent and reduce impacts of such attacks. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding time to me. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of my legislation, H.R. 4227, the Vehicular Terrorism Prevention Act. This bipartisan legislation requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to assess the activities the Department is undertaking to combat the threat of vehicular terrorism and submit a strategy to Congress on its findings and recommendations. Over the past several years, I have been alarmed with the increased frequency that terrorists in Europe and around the world have used vehicles— oftentimes, rental vans or trucks—to commit heinous acts of violence. From Paris to Barcelona and Jerusalem to London, at least 138 people have been killed and countless others injured because of these attacks. With the October attack in New York City showing that these extremist groups will not hesitate to carry out the same attack on American soil, it is critical that the Department of Homeland Security is doing their due diligence regarding this threat. Mr. Speaker, this legislation would specifically require DHS to assess the activities the Department is undertaking to support emergency response providers and the private sector to prevent, mitigate, and respond to the threat of vehicular terrorism. Within 6 months of the bill’s enactment, the Department must complete this assessment and submit to Congress a strategy that includes an examination of the current threat of vehicular terrorism, methods to improve informationsharing activities with emergency first responders and the private sector, and training activities the Department can undertake to prevent and prepare to respond to these attacks. The Secretary must also include any additional activities that DHS recommends to address the threat of vehicular terrorism. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman MCCAUL, Ranking Member T HOMP SON, Representative D ONOVAN , and the entire House Homeland Security Committee for their work in advancing this bill to the House floor. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join with me in taking the next step to addressing this dangerous threat by passing H.R. 4227. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the emergence of lone wolves who choose to ram vehicles into innocent people to advance their violent ideologies is a modernday homeland security challenge. As threats to our homeland continue to evolve and as violent extremists continue to exploit soft targets, the risk to innocent bystanders grows. We must do our part to ensure that first responders in our cities, towns, and all places of living throughout the country have access to the necessary resources to keep themselves safe and secure. This legislation seeks to ensure that DHS does all it can to support such efforts. Mr. Speaker, I would also note that this bill complements H.R. 5131, which is also being considered today and which directs DHS to disseminate best practices to stakeholders regarding ways to enhance transportation security against the threat of vehiclebased attacks. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 4227, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Ranking Member THOMPSON . I once again urge my fellow colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4227, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
DHS FIELD ENGAGEMENT ACCOUNTABILITY ACT Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5079) to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Department of Homeland Security to develop an engagement strategy with fusion centers, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5079 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘DHS Field Engagement Accountability Act’’. 
Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Nebraska? There was no objection. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5079, the DHS Field Engagement Accountability Act. The sharing of counterterrorism and other homeland security information with State and local officials is vital in our efforts to protect the homeland. Fusion centers as hubs for information sharing and analysis play a critical role in the domestic homeland security informationsharing environment. Over the years, there have been vast improvements in DHS’ support for these key stakeholders, including the Nebraska Information Analysis Center, known as NIAC, in my home State of Nebraska. H.R. 5079, the DHS Field Engagement Accountability Act, builds on ongoing efforts to hold DHS more accountable for supporting fusion centers and fully utilizing them as a resource to the Federal Government. First, it requires DHS to develop a strategy for engagement with fusion centers. With the maturation of the national network, many fusion centers have adopted an allthreats, allhazards mission to ensure they are keeping pace with the changing threat environment. A strategy that incorporates all the components of the Department will ensure DHS is supporting and leveraging fusion centers effectively and efficiently. Second, this bill mandates performance metrics to hold DHS personnel in the field accountable. Among other responsibilities, these personnel serve as ambassadors of the Department and are integral in shaping and strengthening the relationship between fusion centers and DHS. As such, the Department must have appropriate performance objectives and metrics in place to ensure greater transparency in the expectations of these officers and accountability when issues arise. Finally, this bill requires additional training and improvements for both the classified and unclassified informationsharing systems that the Department makes available to fusion centers and other law enforcement agencies. While DHS has made strides in facilitating fusion center access to information and information systems, there are gaps in the Department’s efforts to ensure these partners are adequately trained to utilize these systems. So, for example, while all fusion centers now have access to DHS’ classified HSDN, many fusion center personnel are not proficient in this system, and DHS does not currently provide any standardized, inperson HSDN training. Granting the appropriate clearances and credentials to access DHS systems is just as important as ensuring competency when using these systems. Additionally, I have learned that many DHS components do not routinely share analytic products on the Homeland Security Information NetworkIntelligence portal, and many documents are not posted on a timely basis. b1645 It is incumbent on the Department to ensure the appropriate policies and metrics are in place to incentivize component use of this critical informationsharing program. In that regard, I am pleased to report that, as of this month, both the Federal Protective Service and the United States Coast Guard have started participating on the HSINIntel Partner Products page. I encourage other components of the Department that do not participate to follow suit. This is a commonsense bill with bipartisan support that will enhance DHS’ relationship with State and local fusion centers across the country. In short, we have learned many lessons this past year in analyzing and studying fusion centers. This bill fixes the multiple problems that we have encountered. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5079, the DHS Field Engagement Accountability Act. H.R. 5079 would require the Department of Homeland Security to develop a fusion center engagement strategy. One of the tragic lessons of the September 11 attacks was what can happen when information is not shared at all levels of law enforcement. Since 2006, the committee has supported the Department’s efforts to deploy intelligence analysts to many of the 79 fusion centers across the country. These fusion centers are charged with connecting the dots at the State or local level to prevent terrorist or extremist violence. H.R. 5079 continues in this vein by directing DHS to focus on strengthening its relationship with the fusion centers. At a time when violent attacks in Florida, New York, Las Vegas, and Charlottesville are tragically all too much a part of our new normal, we need this improved relationship between the Department and fusion centers more than ever. 
In addition to requiring an engagement strategy, the bill requires DHS to have metrics in place to hold the personnel it deploys to fusion centers accountable for their performance. Finally, this legislation seeks to encourage use of the Department’s intelligence and documentsharing systems to promote greater engagement among the Department and fusion centers across the country. Specifically, H.R. 5079 would create policies for information sharing via Department networks that are developed and updated in consultation with the Department’s experts on privacy, civil rights, and civil liberties. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure. In closing, with the emergence of lone wolves and small terrorist cells, the decentralized terrorist threat in the United States poses serious threats to local communities across our country from big cities to small towns. Whether the target is a church in South Carolina, a Sikh temple in Wisconsin, a mosque in Illinois, a synagogue in New York, a concert venue in Las Vegas, or a school in Florida, State and local law enforcement need a clear line of communication with Federal agencies. As such, DHS must ensure that fusion centers throughout the country have access to the resources— including personnel, training, and access to information—necessary to keep the U.S. homeland safe and secure. H.R. 5079 directs DHS to do just that by requiring the Department to have a strategy to enhance engagement with fusion centers and provide fusion center personnel. Additionally, H.R. 5079 would ensure that DHS’ information sharing policies include strong privacy and civil liberty safeguards. I, therefore, encourage my colleagues to support H.R. 5079. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I want to thank the gentlewoman from New Jersey for her comments and her support making this bill a bipartisan bill. Part of the work that we are doing is we are going to improve 70 different fusion centers with this bill and standardize the performance of all of them. Mr. Speaker, once again, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5079, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. SURFACE TRANSPORTATION SECURITY IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5131) to improve the effectiveness of Federal efforts to identify and address homeland security risks to surface transportation, secure against vehiclebased attacks, and conduct a feasibility assessment of introducing new security technologies and measures, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5131 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Surface Transportation Security Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall disseminate best practices to public and private sector stakeholders regarding how to enhance transportation security against the threat of a vehiclebased terrorist attack. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, acting through the Under Secretary for Intelligence and Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Under Secretary for the National Protection and Programs Directorate of the Department, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an assessment of terrorist and other threats to the transportation sector, including surface transportation assets, posed by the use of security technologies, including software and networked technologies, developed or manufactured by firms that are owned or closely linked to the governments of countries that are known to pose a cyber or homeland security threat. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ) and the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON  COLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. 
Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Nebraska? There was no objection. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5131, the Surface Transportation Security Improvement Act of 2018, as amended. As you may be aware, TSA was created in response to the terrorist attacks on September 11. While the impetus behind its creation was the threat to aviation security, TSA is responsible for securing all transportation modes, including surface transportation assets such as railroads, mass transit, pipelines, buses, and ports. Given the persistent threats facing aviation in the post9/11 era, TSA’s main focus has been securing the aviation sector. However, in recent years, threats emanating against surface transportation modes, especially mass transit hubs, have steadily increased. Attacks against these surface targets often require less sophistication than attacks against aviation, making them especially attractive to lone wolves or homegrown violent extremists. Surface transportation systems are also a very attractive target due to their large volume of daily ridership and open infrastructure. The most recent example of an attack targeting surface is the attempted suicide bombing in December 2017 at New York City’s Port Authority Bus Terminal. Given the current threat environment, a review of TSA’s approach to securing all transportation modes and an assessment of the degree to which surface transportation security should be prioritized is certainly warranted. Specifically, this bill mandates a GAO review of the national strategy for transportation security, the development of riskbased priorities for all 
transportation modes, and a feasibility assessment of utilizing security technologies for surface transportation assets. Furthermore, the bill requires TSA to disseminate best practices for enhancing security against vehiclebased terrorist attacks and authorizes a surfacefocused Innovation Task Force. Finally, the bill requires a threat assessment of certain security technologies tied to foreign countries and a strategy for TSA’s surface transportation inspectors. In the face of emerging threats, it is imperative that Congress ensure TSA is adequately executing its mission to protect all transportation modes, not just aviation. I thank the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security, Mrs. WATSON  COLEMAN , for authoring this legislation, as well as the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. KATKO , for his support and leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5131, the Surface Transportation Security Improvement Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, the Nation’s surface transportation systems are central to Americans’ daily life. Subways, buses, trains, and pipelines move millions of people and goods every day. Given their criticality, it is no surprise that terrorists have targeted these systems for attack. In recent years, attacks overseas have proven lethal, even more so, on average, than attacks against aviation. In December 2017, the threat against these systems hit home when a wouldbe attacker detonated a bomb within New York City’s Port Authority Bus Terminal subway station. My bill, H.R. 5131, would require the Department of Homeland Security to take meaningful steps to address this emerging threat. First, it would require TSA to take a more comprehensive approach to transportation threats when it comes to assessing risk and setting strategies and priorities. Second, it would require TSA to take a hard look at integrating new technologies and security measures into mass transit and other surface transportation systems. Importantly, H.R. 5131 also would require DHS to assess cyber threats posed by foreign technologies and to disseminate best practices for securing transportation systems against vehiclebased attacks, such as the truck attack we witnessed in New York City last October. Finally, it would require TSA to develop a riskbased strategy for its surface inspectors and answer to Congress for its failure to issue long overdue regulations that are required by the Implementing Recommendations of the 9/11 Commission Act of 2007. Consideration of H.R. 5131 today is timely, given the cuts to surface transportation security programs proposed by the President in both the fiscal year 2018 and 2019 budgets. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure to improve surface transportation security. In closing, as we have seen around the world, the threats to surface transportation systems are real and evolving. A major attack on any one system could be devastating and result in significant loss of life. My bill will push TSA to increase and enhance its efforts to secure these critical systems. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support this. I appreciate the support from my colleague and the support from Mr. KATKO . Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again, I want to commend the gentlewoman from New Jersey’s work on this bill and Mr. KATKO , the chairman of the subcommittee. This is obviously very important. Airports aren’t the only target. We have bus transportation, we have seen those targeted in Europe; our rail centers are also targets. We have seen that in Europe, and we have seen indications of those attacks being planned here as well. Once again, Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5131, the ‘‘Surface Transportation Security Improvement Act of 2018,’’ which would increase the nation’s readiness to deal with national security threats. H.R. 5131 requires the Government Accountability Office to review the effectiveness of the Transportation Security Administration’s Biennial National Strategy for Transportation Security. H.R. 5131 would also require the Department of Homeland Security to develop risk based priorities across all transportation modes. This would be informed by analysis of terrorist attack scenarios for each mode of transportation. The work directly under this will also include cyberattack scenarios, which poses an increasing threat to the wellbeing of our public and private infrastructures. H.R. 5131 requires DHS to explain overdue surface transportation security rulemakings and the Inspector General to review DHS’s explanations, and report on its findings. It directs DHS to conduct a feasibility assessment of introducing next generation technologies to detect threats to surface transportation systems. DHS would also disseminate best practices for enhancing transportation security against the threat of vehiclebased attacks. The bill also requires DHS to conduct and report to Congress on a survey of surface transportation stakeholders regarding resource challenges, including the availability of Federal funding and specific unmet needs. It authorizes a TSA task force to identify and develop innovative technologies and capabilities to enhance transportation security, including surface transportation security. It also directs DHS to assess the threats posed by the use of security technologies developed or manufactured by firms owned or closely linked to the governments of countries known to pose cyber or homeland security threats. This is extremely important given the ongoing threats to our democracy from a rising number of malevolent global actors, including North Korea and Russia. Finally, the bill requires the TSA to develop a strategy to guide surface transportation security inspector operations, which would be subject to GAO review. In sum, H.R. 5131 enhances TSA’s surface transportation security operations across a range of activities, while taking into consideration the role of computers in the modernization of our nation’s transportation systems. I urge my colleagues to join me in voting for this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ESTES of Kansas). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5131, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
STRENGTHENING AVIATION SECURITY ACT OF 2018 Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4467) to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize riskbased strategies, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4467 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strengthening Aviation Security Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ) and the gentlewoman from New Jersey (Mrs. WATSON  COLEMAN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. b1700 
Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Nebraska? There was no objection. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4467, the Strengthening Aviation Security Act of 2018. Described by Chairman MCCAUL in his State of National Security Address as ‘‘the crown jewel of ISIS and other terrorist groups,’’ the American aviation industry remains a key target of terrorism. The Transportation Security Administration has made great strides in securing commercial flights, but the threat of evolving terror tactics requires a comprehensive, multilateral approach informed by data collected from industry. The TSA’s risk management strategy for passenger aviation security is characterized by a multilayered approach, whereby the TSA deploys a variety of security countermeasures to detect and deter threats. Federal air marshals, also known as FAMs, are armed law enforcement officers deployed on passenger flights as part of the TSA’s comprehensive security strategy to protect air passengers and crews against criminals and terrorists. Due to the high volume of passenger flights and limited resources at the TSA, it is imperative that FAM deployment is riskbased and strategic in order to achieve the greatest security value. However, a recent GAO report from September 2017 found that the TSA does not measure data on the efficacy and deterrence value of FAMs. Without viable metrics, it is impossible for the TSA to truly employ a calculated risk management strategy for passenger aviation security. Accordingly, the Strengthening Aviation Security Act of 2018 requires the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize risk based strategies for international and domestic flight coverage. This bill ensures that FAMs are deployed in a manner that adds strategic value to the TSA’s multilayered security approach. As amended, the bill also requires the TSA to take their riskbased approach a step further by ensuring that FAMs are seated in tactical positions when deployed on the aircraft. Strategic seating arrangements will provide FAMs with a distinct advantage in the event of a threat to aviation security and ensure that they are more relevant to the important mission for which they are tasked. The Strengthening Aviation Security Act emphasizes the importance of intelligencedriven, riskbased decisions to make the best use of the Federal Air Marshal Service’s resources and personnel. I thank the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. H ICE) for authoring this legislation, as well the chairman of the subcommittee, Mr. KATKO , for his work on this bill. Additionally, I wish to thank the chairman of the full committee, Mr. MCCAUL, for moving the bill through the committee process. This bill will promote public confidence in the security of the Nation’s aviation system and ensure that armed Federal law enforcement officers are deployed on passenger flights, where they are most needed. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4467, the Strengthening Aviation Security Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, it has been over 16 years since the September 11 terrorist attacks. Since that time, our transportation security systems have evolved in a number of ways, from the creation of the TSA to the hardening of cockpit doors. An important change to security has been the evolution of the Federal Air Marshal Service. Federal air marshals are armed law enforcement officers who are deployed on domestic and international passenger flights to protect passengers and crew against terrorist attacks. On 9/11, the FAA employed a small number of Federal air marshals to serve as inflight security on a small percentage of flights. After 9/11, the Federal Air Marshal Service expanded rapidly; and, in 2005, it was transferred to the TSA, where it operates today. Today, air marshals contribute to aviation security by deploying on many domestic and international flights. They also help secure surface transportation systems and public airport areas as major participants in the TSA’s Visible Intermodal Prevention and Response—or VIPR—teams. To ensure the continued effectiveness of the air marshals, H.R. 4467 requires the TSA to ensure that officers are deployed in a riskbased manner that is focused on maximizing effectiveness. As amended, the bill also ensures risk based seating of air marshals on passenger aircraft to enable officers to respond effectively to security threats. This is a sensible bill to improve aviation security, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODY B. HICE), the sponsor of this bill. Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of my bill, H.R. 4467, the Strengthening Aviation Security Act. Mr. Speaker, last year, I learned that, while the Federal Air Marshal Service considers its travel budget and the number of personnel when determining which flights will be covered by air marshals, they do not consider risk. This current system might maximize the number of flights covered by air marshals, but it does not ensure that the highest risk flights—those likely to be hijacked by a potential terrorist— would be covered by air marshals. The Strengthening Aviation Security Act would fix this flawed policy by requiring the Federal Air Marshal Service to incorporate risk in its deployment strategy in three ways: First, this legislation requires the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize a riskbased strategy when allocating resources between international and domestic flight coverage. Currently, the Federal Air Marshal Service does not account for risk when it sets its annual target numbers of average international and domestic flights to cover. Second, this legislation requires the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize a riskbased strategy to support domestic allocation decisions. Currently, these decisions are made based on the professional judgment of subject matter experts. Without documented risk assessments, the Federal Air Marshal Service cannot justify to the TSA, the Department of Homeland Security, or Congress why it chooses to deploy air marshals on certain flights and not on others. Third, this legislation requires the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize 
a riskbased strategy to support international allocation decisions. Shockingly, the Federal Air Marshal Service does not currently document the rationales for their international allocation decisions. Without this documentation, there is no verifiable method to determine whether the decisions are intelligencedriven, risk based, or even in compliance with the TSA or DHS directives. Unless the Federal Air Marshal Service accounts for risk at every level of its deployment strategy, it cannot ensure that it is devoting its resources to cover the highestrisk flights. It is incumbent upon us in Congress to address any vulnerabilities to our national security and to enable our Federal agencies to effectively deter, detect, and disrupt any attacks planned by our enemies, and this legislation does just that. I would like to thank Chairman MCCAULand Chairman K ATKO for their strong support of this legislation, and I urge all my colleagues to support this bill. Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the threats to aviation continue to require constant vigilance and effective security solutions. The Federal Air Marshal Service does not have unlimited budgetary resources to deploy marshals on every passenger flight. As such, resources must be allocated based on risk. H.R. 4467 will help ensure that the TSA does just that, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill makes total sense. If you are going to use Federal air marshals where they are needed most, it should be analytical and scientificbased so that we get the most bang for the buck. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4467, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
STRENGTHENING LOCAL TRANSPORTATION SECURITY CAPABILITIES ACT OF 2018 Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5089) to improve threat information sharing, integrated operations, and law enforcement training for transportation security, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5089 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strengthening Local Transportation Security Capabilities Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BARRAGA ´N) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nebraska. 
Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have five legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on the bill under consideration. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Nebraska? There was no objection. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5089, the Strengthening Local Transportation Security Capabilities Act of 2018. As evidenced by recent attacks in New York, London, and elsewhere around the world, the threat against surface transportation is real and unwavering. While the Department of Homeland Security, the Transportation Security Administration, and other Federal entities have made significant progress in providing support to State and local surface transportation assets, the current threat environment necessitates a coordinated approach. Intelligence sharing is the backbone of informed, riskbased security, yet the topdown dissemination of this information is often stymied by bureaucracy and classification barriers. This begs the question: How effective is intelligence collection and analysis if it does not reach the front line and inform subsequent decisionmaking? H.R. 5089, the Strengthening Local Transportation Security Capabilities Act of 2018, requires the DHS Secretary to prioritize the assignment of officers and intelligence analysts and, as appropriate, the DHS Office of Intelligence and Analysis—or I&A—to fusion centers in jurisdictions with highrisk surface transportation assets. Highrisk surface transportation assets transport millions of people and commodities daily and are critical for the vitality of the American economy. This legislation will streamline and enhance the intelligencesharing process so these highrisk systems are better prepared to be resilient against emerging threats. A common complaint from owners, operators, law enforcement, and first responders is that the TSA, and the Federal Government in general, does not provide sufficient information for them to adequately prepare for threats. This is primarily due to issues surrounding classification, where key personnel at the State and local levels do not have access to pertinent security information. As such, this bill requires the Secretary to make security clearances available to appropriate stakeholders, thereby making important and relevant threat information more accessible to the people who are heavily involved in the daytoday security operations of surface transportation systems. H.R. 5089 also requires the TSA Administrator to share with owners and operators a framework for unified operation centers to ensure robust response to security incidents. Recent terror attacks and plots illustrate the challenges of effective coordination in a ‘‘system of systems.’’ This bill will streamline coordination efforts between Federal, State, and local entities to bring the right information to the right people. The interconnected, diverse, and readily accessible nature of surface transportation systems creates unique security challenges that are best addressed by communication, coordination, and collaboration. H.R. 5089 will create a structural framework to connect the Department of Homeland Security, the Transportation Security Administration, and surface transportation stakeholders, and it will facilitate timely information sharing. I thank the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BARRAGA ´N) for her leadership on this issue. I also thank the chairman of the Subcommittee on Transportation and Protective Security, Mr. KATKO , as well as the ranking member of the subcommittee, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , for their dedication to improving surface transportation security. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of my bill, H.R. 5089, the Strengthening Local Transportation Security Capabilities Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, in 2013, my home airport, Los Angeles International Airport, came under attack when a gunman opened fire at a TSA security checkpoint, killing TSA Officer Gerardo Hernandez and injuring many others. b1715 This shooting was just one of several recent attacks on relatively soft targets such as public airport areas and surface transportation systems. In the wake of the shooting at LAX, Congress passed the Gerardo Hernandez Airport Security Act of 2015, which made several important security improvements, including directing airports in highrisk surface transportation systems to install incident response plans and requiring TSA to provide activeshooter training to all of its screening personnel. Now, over 2 years later, it is time to take the next step in improving security for these soft targets. Enactment of my bill, H.R. 5089, is that next step. H.R. 5089 is focused on enhancing the capabilities of local transportation security stakeholders to prevent and respond to terrorist attacks and other serious incidents. State and local stakeholders, including transit system owners and operators and law enforcement agencies, play a significant role in securing surface transportation systems against threats; yet many stakeholders cite a lack of sufficient information from TSA and the Federal Government to adequately prepare for these threats. The Strengthening Local Transportation Security Capabilities Act of 2018 requires DHS to prioritize the assignment of officers and intelligence analysts to fusion centers in jurisdictions with a highrisk surface transportation asset, thus improving information sharing. Further, it directs TSA to make a framework available to stakeholders for establishing operation centers responsible for overseeing daily operations of transportation facilities, allowing for improved communications. Finally, it authorizes DHS to develop a training program through the Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers to enhance the capabilities of law enforcement agencies operating at surface transportation assets. Taken together, the provisions build upon previous efforts to secure our transportation systems by enhancing protection, preparedness, and response capabilities of State and local partners working to protect these critical systems. Mr. Speaker, the shooting at LAX, along with attacks on surface transportation systems and public airport areas in New Orleans, Fort Lauderdale, New York City, and overseas have proven that acts of terror are not limited to the aviation sector. To effectively address threats to surface transportation systems, State and local stakeholders must be able to communicate not only with TSA and the Federal Government, but amongst themselves during an incident. My bill seeks to bridge potential gaps in communication and coordination capabilities. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5089, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, if we have important information we can’t serve to the right decisionmakers at the local level, we fail, which we have learned from 9/11 and other places where information is bottled up and doesn’t get to the people who need it. This bill helps solve that. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I rise as a member of the House Committee on Homeland Security, subcommittee on Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection to speak in strong support of H.R. 5089, ‘‘the Strengthening Local Transportation Security Capabilities Act of 2018.’’ Thank you Representative BARRAGA ´Nfor in troducing this important measure, as former Chairwoman of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Transportation Security and Infrastructure Protection I understand the value and importance of this bill. I have long supported bolstering our Nation’s transportation system security through improving coordination of local jurisdictions with federal law enforcement agencies. H.R. 5089 does just that by requiring the Department of Homeland Security to prioritize the detailing of personnel from the Transportation Security Administration and the DHS Office of Intelligence and Analysis to be stationed with participating state, local, andregional fusion center in jurisdictions with a high risk surface transportation asset. 
In 2013, the Port of Houston which receives over 200 million tons of cargo a year was the 8th busiest container port in the nation. Houston, also home to George Bush International Airport, the 14th busiest airport in the nation, will benefit directly from the resources provided in H.R. 5089. Our transportation system facilitates economic growth through creating jobs, transporting goods, and connecting communities to one another. This bill requires officers and analysts to participate in the generation and dissemination of transportation security intelligence products. Additionally, H.R. 5089 directs TSA to make available to public and private sector stakeholders a framework for establishing integrated and unified operations centers responsible for overseeing daily operations of transportation facilities to promote coordination for responses to terrorism and other serious incidents. Finally, it authorizes DHS to develop, through Federal Law Enforcement Training Centers, a training program to enhance the protection, preparedness, and response capabilities of law enforcement agencies with respect to terrorism and other serious incidents at surface transportation assets. Taken together, the bill’s provisions enhance the capabilities of local transportation security stakeholders to prevent and respond to terrorist attacks and other serious incidents. We should support this effort to improve our National security and transportation capabilities against terrorism. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 5089. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. BACON ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5089, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. BACON. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
KENNEDYKING NATIONAL COMMEMORATIVE SITE ACT Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4851) to establish the Kennedy King National Historic Site in the State of Indiana, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4851 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kennedy– King National Commemorative Site Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4851, introduced by Congressman ANDRE´CARSON and cosponsored by Congresswoman SUSAN  BROOKS , would establish the Kennedy King National Commemorative Site in Indianapolis, Indiana. Additionally, the bill directs the Secretary of the Interior to include the site in the newly established African American Civil Rights Network, and it authorizes a special resource study to evaluate the national significance of the site and determine the suitability and feasibility of including the site as a unit of the National Park system. On April 4, 1968, Senator Robert F. Kennedy had scheduled a speech in Indianapolis during his campaign for the Presidency of the United States. Just prior to giving his remarks, Mr. Kennedy was informed of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. He then changed his planned remarks to, instead, inform the large gathering of Dr. King’s death. In this historic speech, he called upon Americans to embrace nonviolence in reaction to the news of Dr. King’s assassination. Senator Kennedy stated: ‘‘What we need in the United States is not division; what we need in the United States is not hatred; what we need in the United States is not violence and lawlessness, but is love and wisdom and compassion toward one another, and a feeling of justice toward those who still suffer within our country, whether they be White or whether they be Black.’’ The site where Senator Kennedy delivered the speech is currently located in a city park established in 1961 and has since served as a community gathering place. In 1994, the Landmark for Peace Memorial sculpture was erected on the site of Senator Kennedy’s speech. April 4, 2018, marks the 50th anniversary of Robert Kennedy’s speech and Dr. King’s assassination. I commend Representative CARSON  and Representative BROOKS for working across the aisle on this bipartisan and important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. CARSON ). Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank my good friend, Representative HANABUSA for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to speak in support of my bill, H.R. 4851, the KennedyKing National Commemorative Site Act. I also thank my colleagues on the Natural Resources Committee for their very prompt consideration of this bill, including Chairman BISHOP and Ranking Member GRIJALVA . H.R. 4851 is a bipartisan and bicameral bill with the full support of the entire congressional delegation, including my good friend and colleague Congresswoman SUSAN BROOKS ; including my mentor, one of my heroes, Representative JOHNLEWIS; and my buddy, Representative JOEKENNEDY . I thank them for joining the delegation of original cosponsors of Hoosiers. Mr. Speaker, I introduced the KennedyKing National Commemorative Site Act at the request of my constituents to provide formal National Park Service recognition to the site where Senator Robert F. Kennedy gave an extraordinary speech in Indianapolis in the spring of 1968. This recognition, as well as addition to the African American Civil Rights 
Network, will help this location—set on a community board over there—remain visible and accessible for the inspiration of present and future generations. Mr. Speaker, some of my colleagues may have heard the story, as it was previously mentioned by my other colleague, that Robert Kennedy had a scheduled speech in the great Hoosier State in the city of Indianapolis during his campaign for the Presidency. However, just before he was to give those remarks, Mr. Speaker, he was told of the assassination of Dr. Martin Luther King. Before the news became widely known, his advisers said he shouldn’t speak at all. They suggested he should stand back. But Robert F. Kennedy wanted to speak. Despite the risks of outbursts or interruptions, he had something important to say in person and facetoface for all who were gathered. He changed his planned remarks on the fly and broke the news of Dr. King’s assassination to the large crowd assembled in the park. He called for a nonviolent response to Dr. King’s death. Robert Kennedy’s speech has been described as one of the greatest addresses of the 20th century, as a call for unity and nonviolence in a time of great unrest. Mr. Speaker, I include the text of the speech in today’s RECORD . 
FULLTEXT OF ROBERT F. K ENNEDY ’SSPEECH : INDIANAPOLIS , APRIL 4, 1968 Ladies and Gentlemen, I’m only going to talk to you just for a minute or so this evening, because I have some very sad news for all of you. Could you lower those signs, please? I have some very sad news for all of you, and, I think, sad news for all of our fellow citizens, and people who love peace all over the world; and that is that Martin Luther King was shot and was killed tonight in Memphis, Tennessee. Martin Luther King dedicated his life to love and to justice between fellow human beings. He died in the cause of that effort. In this difficult day, in this difficult time for the United States, it’s perhaps well to ask what kind of a nation we are and what direction we want to move in. For those of you who are black considering the evidence evidently is that there were white people who were responsible you can be filled with bitterness, and with hatred, and a desire for revenge. We can move in that direction as a country, in greater polarization black people amongst blacks, and white amongst whites, filled with hatred toward one another. Or we can make an effort, as Martin Luther King did, to understand, and to comprehend, and replace that violence, that stain of bloodshed that has spread across our land, with an effort to understand, compassion, and love. For those of you who are black and are tempted to fill with hatred and mistrust of the injustice of such an act, against all white people, I would only say that I can also feel in my own heart the same kind of feeling. I had a member of my family killed, but he was killed by a white man. But we have to make an effort in the United States. We have to make an effort to understand, to get beyond, or go beyond these rather difficult times. My favorite poet was Aeschylus. And he once wrote: Even in our sleep, pain which cannot forget falls drop by drop upon the heart, until, in our own despair, against our will, comes wisdom through the awful grace of God. What we need in the United States is not division; what we need in the United States is not hatred; what we need in the United States is not violence and lawlessness, but is love, and wisdom, and compassion toward one another, and a feeling of justice toward those who still suffer within our country, whether they be white or whether they be black. So I ask you tonight to return home, to say a prayer for the family of Martin Luther King yeah, ifs true but more importantly to say a prayer for our own country, which all of us love a prayer for understanding and that compassion of which I spoke. We can do well in this country. We will have difficult times. We’ve had difficult times in the past, but we and we will have difficult times in the future. It is not the end of violence; it is not the end of lawlessness; and it’s not the end of disorder. But the vast majority of white people and the vast majority of black people in this country want to live together, want to improve the quality of our life, and want justice for all human beings that abide in our land. And let’s dedicate ourselves to what the Greeks wrote so many years ago: to tame the savageness of man and make gentle the life of this world. Let us dedicate ourselves to that, and say a prayer for our country and for our people. Thank you very much. Mr. CARSON of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, as we approach the 50th anniversary of RFK’s speech, it becomes very clear that America needs this national treasure to be preserved and promoted beyond the residents of Indianapolis. This powerful message of nonviolence in response to violence is more timely and important than ever. The Smithsonian has described 1968 as ‘‘the year that shattered America.’’ It was a time when divisions were sharp and the morale of this country was low. Many stirred up hatred and fear with venomous rhetoric, which drove people long left out of America’s bounty to the limits of their very humanity. Many cities erupted in flames and violent riots. When other cities expressed their justified pain, anger, and disenfranchisement with destruction, Robert Kennedy’s calm voice of reason changed the hearts and minds of people who were feeling so much pain. Indianapolis was the only major city in America that did not burn in that season of pain and violent disruption. JFK was assassinated. Martin Luther King was assassinated. And just 2 months after RFK’s emotional speech in Indianapolis, he, too, was assassinated. But in his youth and his ability to feel the pain of others, RFK called on those who were hurting to turn away from violence and hate and practice what MLK practiced. This message and this special place needs to be shared with all Americans across the country today and into the future. The amendment approved by the committee will add the Kennedy King site to a new civil rights network, Mr. Speaker, and it will designate the location as a commemorative site. This is a timely first step, and I look forward to seeing the bill signed into law this year. And after this step, our constituents and I will continue to count on congressional support for our efforts to establish the KennedyKing National Historic Site as a unit of the National Park system in Indianapolis, Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I again thank my good friend, Congresswoman SUSAN BROOKS , and I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this great bill. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Indiana (Mrs. BROOKS ). Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, nearly 50 years ago, on April 4, 1968, Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr., was shot and killed in Memphis, Tennessee. That same night, Senator Robert F. Kennedy was scheduled to deliver a campaign speech in Indianapolis, the city which my friend and colleague, Representative ANDRE´CARSON , and I both represent in Congress. Instead, Senator Kennedy broke the news to Hoosiers about what had just happened. His speech calmed a volatile crowd and called for a nonviolent reaction to the assassination. He pleaded with the crowd to remain committed to the ideals and peaceful movement of Dr. King during a time of turmoil, confusion, and despair. It has been called one of the most important and historic speeches of the 20th century. Unlike other cities which erupted into violence and riots following Dr. King’s assassination, Indianapolis did not burn. The hallowed grounds where Senator Kennedy’s remarks were delivered is known in Indianapolis as KennedyKing Park. b1730 Thanks to H.R. 4851, it will be given the national recognition it deserves for its significance in the civil rights movement. I am proud to support this legislation to honor this historic moment. I thank Chairman BISHOP ; Ranking Member GRIJALVA ; especially my colleague and good friend from across the aisle, Representative CARSON , who has led the charge to recognize this park. Before I close, I want to share a small portion of the words shared by Senator Kennedy just about 50 years ago that I think we cannot recite enough in this country: ‘‘What we need in the United States is not division; what we need in the United States is not hatred; what we need in the United States is not violence or lawlessness; but love and wisdom, and compassion toward one another, and a feeling of justice towards those who still suffer within our country.’’ As my good friend has just said, Senator Kennedy’s words are still very relevant today. Maybe even more relevant 
today. I encourage all of my colleagues to remember and reflect upon them as we approach the 50th anniversary of the death of Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. I am also happy to share that anyone traveling to or from Indianapolis in the coming weeks will be able to hear and read Senator Kennedy’s remarks at an exhibition prominently displayed at the Indianapolis International Airport to commemorate the 50th anniversary of Dr. King’s assassination in April. I am proud that this body will be adding this special place to the African American Civil Rights Network. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4851 establishes the KennedyKing National Commemorative Site in Indianapolis to honor the site where Robert F. Kennedy gave a stirring speech shortly after learning of Dr. Martin Luther King’s assassination. The speech was a moment of unification and a rallying cry to remain committed to the values of nonviolent resistance preached by Dr. King. The location of the speech has become a source of pride and inspiration for the local community, so much so that they named the park after Dr. King and developed the Landmark for Peace Memorial to commemorate Senator Kennedy’s moving remarks. Designating the memorial as a national commemorative site is a fitting tribute and honor to the legacies of both Dr. King and Senator Kennedy. I thank Representatives CARSON and BROOKS and the entire Indiana delegation for their hard work moving this bill through the legislative process. I support the adoption of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4851, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
FLORISSANT FOSSIL BEDS NATIONAL MONUMENT MAP MODIFICATION Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 835) to update the map of, and modify the maximum acreage available for inclusion in, the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 835 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. MAP UPDATE; MAXIMUM ACREAGE AVAILABLE FOR INCLUSION IN THE FLORISSANT FOSSIL BEDS NATIONAL MONUMENT. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Colorado. 
Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 835 is a bill that I am very pleased to have introduced with bipartisan support from my friends, Congressman SCOTT TIPTON  and Congressman JARED POLIS, both of Colorado. Specifically, H.R. 835 would increase the current 6,000 acres to 6,300 acres and allow the National Park Service to accept the donation of 280 acres currently being held by the Palmer Land Trust and Coalition for the Upper South Platte into the monument’s boundaries. The Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument was designated by Congress in 1969 to preserve and study one of the most diverse fossil deposits in the world and to interpret its geologic significance. Located in a high mountain valley just west of Pikes Peak in my congressional district and 35 miles west of Colorado Springs, Colorado, the monument features detailed fossils of insects, plants, and giant petrified redwood stumps that teach visitors about prehistoric Colorado. The park also maintains a collection of over 12,000 fossil specimens, conducts inventory and monitoring of the fossil sites, has ongoing collaborations, and continues to be the subject of scientific publications. Many of these extraordinary fossils from the monument can be found in some of the most prominent natural history museums in the world, with the largest exhibit of perhaps 10,000 specimens located close by here in the Smithsonian Museum of Natural History. The monument also offers a variety of recreational experiences, including sightseeing, stargazing, interpretive visitor center exhibits, hiking, picnicking, daily rangerguided programs during the summer, junior ranger programs, and curriculumbased education programs for visiting school groups. It is truly an excellent addition to the National Park Service. Expanding the monument will provide critical access to the park’s western boundary for wildfire protection and opportunities for completing future hazardous fuel mitigation projects, while also providing additional wildlife habitat. In addition, the donated acreage could, and will, provide visitors with more recreational opportunities, including hiking, snowshoeing, crosscountry skiing, and wildlife watching, all with no supplement funding or staff needed. The proposed monument boundary expansion has received unanimous local support from all stakeholders; including, the State of Colorado, the Friends of the Florissant Fossil Beds, Sanborn Western Camps, Teller Historic and Environmental Coalition, Colorado Parks and Wildlife, Palmer Land Trust, Coalition for the Upper South Platte, the Pikes Peak Historical Society, and the Teller County Board of Commissioners. This bipartisan bill is a great example for how the Antiquities Act should be applied, with strong local support, consensus, and engagement to identify and conserve the ‘‘smallest area compatible with proper care and management of the objects to be protected.’’ That language, Mr. Speaker, is from the original Antiquities Act itself. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill expands the boundaries of the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument in Colorado to include an additional 300 acres. The expanded boundary will further the monument’s paleontological research objectives and facilitate access for projects designed to decrease wildfire risk, a critical issue in this forested region. During our subcommittee hearing on this bill, we heard that the expansion is broadly supported by the local community and a critical addition to a monument that was established, thanks to enormous public interest in preserving a unique natural treasure. The story of the Florissant Fossil Beds National Monument is an excellent example of the importance of conservation, and it is encouraging that we can work together in a bipartisan fashion to further this mission. I want to congratulate Representative LAMBORN for his hard work. Mr. Speaker, I would just like to encourage the Members to please support this wonderful bill. 
Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Hawaii for her support and great work in committee. This is something that has a lot of bipartisan support. Mr. Speaker, I would ask all Members to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 835. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TONKO. Mr. Speaker, it is my honor to offer a privileged resolution and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 788 Resolved, That the House has heard with profound sorrow of the death of the Honorable Louise McIntosh Slaughter, a Representative from the State of New York. Resolved, That a committee of such Members of the House as the Speaker may designate, together with such Members of the Senate as may be joined, be appointed to attend the funeral. Resolved, That the SergeantatArms of the House be authorized and directed to take such steps as may be necessary for carrying out the provisions of these resolutions and that the necessary expenses in connection therewith be paid out of applicable accounts of the House. Resolved, That the Clerk communicate these resolutions to the Senate and transmit a copy thereof to the family of the deceased. Resolved, That when the House adjourns today, it adjourn as a further mark of respect to the memory of the deceased. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MOMENT OF SILENCE TO HONOR VICTIMS OF TRAGIC PEDESTRIAN BRIDGE COLLAPSE AT FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY (Mr. DIAZBALART asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DIAZBALART. Mr. Speaker, I am joined here today by members of the Florida delegation to honor the victims of the tragic pedestrian bridge collapse at Florida International University. Last week, a pedestrian bridge that was designed to protect students and other campus personnel and visitors from the traffic on one of our busiest thoroughfares collapsed, taking the lives of six innocent people and leaving others gravely injured. So many of us, particularly in south Florida, have a close and meaningful relationship with FIU, or Florida International University, and its students. This tragedy has hit our community exceedingly hard. We also know that, today, six grieving families are mourning in the wake of this horrific event. Mr. Speaker, I know I speak on behalf of my colleagues when I say we are truly heartbroken after Thursday’s horrendous bridge collapse. We are thinking of the victims, those injured, and are mourning with their families during this very difficult time. This Florida delegation, Mr. Speaker, and this Congress, will leave no stone unturned to ensure something like this never happens again anywhere in our great country. Alexa Duran; Navaro Brown; Brandon Brownfield; Rolando FragaHernandez; Osvaldo Gonzalez; and, Alberto Arias. We will never, ever forget them. We will remember them and grieve the lives cut short by this tragedy. Mr. Speaker, may their legacy live on with all of us, with our community, and in the hearts of their loved ones. Mr. Speaker, I would respectfully ask that the House observe a moment of silence in honor of these victims. f 
CONGRATULATING YOUNGSVILLE HIGH SCHOOL ON WINNING IRISH BAND COMPETITION (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Youngsville High School Marching Band for winning the 48th annual Limerick International Band Championship in Ireland. The Youngsville Marching Eagles stole the show as they were crowned the overall winners in the band competition. The Warren County students braved blizzardlike conditions to bring home the top prize. Snow was piled high on umbrellas, hats; and even big brass instruments were coated in snowflakes. But the weather couldn’t dampen the spirits of the musicians or the spectators. Spirits are also flying high for the proud parents, friends, and supporters in Youngsville, Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, the Youngsville Marching Eagles worked hard to fundraise to make this international trip possible. For many, it was the first time they traveled outside the Commonwealth, let alone the country. The band also performed in Dublin at the St. Patrick’s Festival Parade, where they were named ‘‘Best Small Band.’’ These Youngsville teens really dazzled the crowd, and I am so proud of their incredible international achievement. Congratulations to the band and Band Director Cindy Scheid. f 
REMEMBERING DR. STEPHEN HAWKING (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the extraordinary life of Dr. Stephen Hawking, who passed away last week at the age of 76. Stephen Hawking was a brilliant student of the universe, a giant of the world stage, an inspiration to me personally and to us all. Through his discoveries about black holes and quantum mechanics, Professor Hawking challenged humankind to ponder the mysteries of the cosmos. He was curiosity personified, having once remarked: ‘‘My goal is simple. It is a complete understanding of the universe, why it is as it is and why it exists at all.’’ Yet Professor Hawking, who was diagnosed with ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease, at the age of 21, also personified the unconquerable human spirit. He took on the challenges of his disability with unparalleled tenacity and a trademark sense of humor, all the while reminding us ‘‘to look up at the stars and not down at your feet.’’ Mr. Speaker, in short, he was a force of nature. He made a difference. 
PERSONAL EXPLANATION Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained on the vote on H.R. 835. If I had been present, I would have voted ‘‘aye.’’ 
HONORING THE LIFE OF STAFF SERGEANT CARL PHILIPPE ENIS (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, it is with deep respect that I recognize the tragic loss of Staff Sergeant Carl Philippe Enis, pictured here, who was one of seven brave U.S. servicemembers killed in a helicopter crash last Thursday, March 15, 2018, in western Iraq. Carl, a south Florida native who grew up in my congressional district in Pinecrest, was an Air Force pararescueman serving in a combat role in Iraq for the 308th Rescue Squadron from Patrick Air Force Base supporting Operation Inherent Resolve when his helicopter went down. 
Sergeant Enis was a Reserve Citizen Airman combat rescue and recovery specialist who supported Air Force special operations. His job truly embodied his heart and spirit, where he consistently put his own life at risk to save others both in combat and humanitarian environments. He always tackled every challenge with a smile on his face, no matter the danger or difficulty. Carl was also an active outdoorsman who embraced his passion for fishing, hiking, hunting, and scuba diving, and lived his life to the fullest. He was a graduate of Gulliver Prep, in my congressional district, and Florida State University. Carl is survived by his wife, Angela; his mother, Colleen; and his brother, Edward. Their families, our community, and all Americans can be proud knowing that Sergeant Enis gave his last full measure performing his mission and serving the most noble pararescue creed: ‘‘These things we do, that others may live.’’ 
b1915 NEWARK COMMUNITY SOLUTIONS (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Newark Community Solutions for its continued work on reducing crime and strengthening connections between courts and the community. Newark Community Solutions works with young people who are at risk of being victims or perpetrators of gun violence. They provide job training, counseling, and peer mentorship. The organization also develops support networks for crime victims and provides mental health counseling for veterans and schoolchildren to avoid expulsion. Mr. Speaker, Newark Community Solutions produces real results, and they are felt throughout Essex County. In cities throughout my district, we are seeing safer streets, reduced incarceration, and improved neighborhood perceptions of justice. The program at Newark Community Solutions can be a model for cities throughout the country. Newark Community Solutions shows that, by investing in the community, we can build a foundation for sensible and thoughtful criminal justice reform. 
CONGRATULATIONS TO BLOOMINGTON CHEERLEADING CHAMPIONS (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize and congratulate the Bloomington Jefferson High School cheerleaders for their national championship victory. This season the team looked to replicate their historic success, having won five State titles and two national championships in just the past five seasons. The team qualified for the national championship at the Universal Cheerleaders Association Ten Thousand Lakes Regional competition back in October, and in February, they made the trip down to the 2018 UCA National High School Cheerleading Championship in Orlando, Florida. At the national championship, they competed against 28 other teams from across the country. They placed first in the preliminary rounds and then advanced to the final round. In the final round, they were able to best seven other teams and emerged with their third national title in 5 years. Mr. Speaker, the consistent hard work and skills of these student athletes is impressive, and it is a credit to their dedication, their perseverance, their coaches, and all of the families that offered them support. Congratulations again to Bloomington Jefferson on their national championship. Go Jaguars. f 
CONGRATULATING THE UNIVERSITY OF HOUSTON (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the University of Houston men’s basketball team on their remarkable performance in the 2018 NCAA Tournament. The Cougars entered the tournament as the number six seed from the American Athletic Conference, led by the 2018 AAC Coach of the Year Kelvin Sampson. This was the Cougars’ first NCAA tournament appearance since 2010, and their spectacular win in the first round against San Diego State was the Cougars’ first NCAA Tournament win since 1984. Their loss against Michigan in the second round was hard fought and truly a heartbreaker. As an alumnus of the University of Houston and on behalf of the city and the fans, we are proud at what they accomplished this season. I wish the team the best of luck for next season. I would also like to give special congratulations to seniors Devin Davis, Wes VanBeck, Nura Zanna, and Rob Gray for an exciting season. Go Cougars. 
HAPPY 110TH BIRTHDAY TO GOLDIE SMALL (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a distinguished constituent from my district named Goldie Small from Binghamton, New York. Goldie currently resides at the Good Shepherd Fairview Home in Binghamton, where she will turn 110 years old on April 1. Goldie was born in Paris, New York— on Paris Hill as we call it—on April 1, 1908, and lived there until 1940, when she moved to New Milford, Pennsylvania. As a child, Goldie went to a oneroom schoolhouse until she attended high school in Waterville, New York. In order to get to and from the schoolbus, she either had to hitch a ride, walk 1 mile to catch a train, or use a horse and carriage to travel all the way to Waterville. After high school, Goldie went to school in Rochester, New York, to the famous Eastman School to become a dental hygienist. Shortly after, the Depression hit and very few people could afford the luxury of dental care, so she went back to school to become a secretary. After getting married and moving to Pennsylvania, Goldie had two children, Glenn and Marion. Goldie has an amazing memory, never forgetting any of the birthdays of her six grandchildren and, now, nine greatgrandchildren. To this day, she continues to play bridge and other card games as well as completing the daily crossword puzzle in the newspaper. Mr. Speaker, I ask to have everyone join me in wishing Goldie a very happy 110 years. She is an inspiration to all of us on a long, clean life. f 
FIRING OF ANDREW M CCABE (Mr. POCAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, last Friday, President Trump had Andrew McCabe, the Deputy Director of the FBI, fired. His offense? Well, he is about to be a witness in the Mueller investigation and had copious notes about his conversations with the President. What better way to nullify damning testimony than to fire the person about to give it, all while signaling to anyone else the consequences of crossing the President. But it is worse than just that. The President fired Andrew McCabe in a way completely devoid of human decency: 2 days before his full retirement. The message to McCabe and anyone else who would cross him was: I won’t just go after you, but your family and your future, too. I will destroy you. Like a thug in a mafia movie, Trump made his move. Fortunately, the Founders of this country made sure we had checks and balances in the system to avoid this dangerous style of governing. I and others have offered Andrew McCabe, a 21year law enforcement professional in the FBI, a job to ensure he will be able to get his hardearned pension. 
No one should fear harm to their family, their pension, their future by a petulant manchild or a ruthless demagogue, depending on the mood of the day. I stand with you, Andrew McCabe, and so do the American people. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BANKS of Indiana). Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
RECOGNIZING HERITAGE UNIVERSITY FOUNDERS DURING WOMEN’S HISTORY MONTH (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, in recognition of Women’s History Month, I want to honor three incredible women who have had an enormous impact on central Washington State: Martha Yallup, Violet Lumley Rau, and Sister Kathleen Ross, who founded what would become Heritage University in 1982. With a vision to create a community and inspire others to serve, they brought education to the underserved populations of the Yakima Valley. Today, Heritage University has grown immensely and now offers more than 50 undergraduate and graduate majors. The highquality education and inclusive environment has led to over 9,500 graduated students who will continue to grow their legacy. Martha, Violet, and Sister Kathleen saw an opportunity to have an impact on the lives of their friends and neighbors, and it is safe to say they exceeded their goal. Their perseverance, ambition, and service to the community are an inspiration for all of us in central Washington, and it is a privilege and honor to serve them during Women’s History Month. 
BENEFITS OF ONSITE CHILDCARE (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, study after study has shown that employers and employees find that onsite childcare provides the greatest value of any employerprovided childcare option. Despite this, only 11 percent of all private sector workers in the U.S. receive childcare assistance through their employers. Of that 11 percent, only 7 percent have access to childcare at or near their place of work. As childcare costs dramatically increase each year relative to family income, the time has come for new approaches that provide affordability and flexibility for working families and increased productivity for businesses. Onsite childcare accomplishes this and has been repeatedly shown to reduce absenteeism and increase staff retention. That is why I am introducing the Child Care At Responsible Employers Act this week: to incentivize employer investment in onsite childcare by providing a small preference in government contracting to those who do so. With childcare costs rising, we can’t afford not to act, and onsite childcare helps both businesses and families. f 
CONGRATULATIONS TO HOUSTON’S SUGAR LAND METHODIST HOSPITAL (Mr. OLSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, President Lincoln used the term ‘‘four score and 7 years ago’’ at Gettysburg. If President Lincoln reappeared today, he might say: One score and zero years ago, a new Houston hospital, Houston Methodist, was brought forth in Sugar Land, Texas, a new hospital, conceived in medicine, and dedicated to the proposition that all Texans have the best care. Seven thousand patients in 1998 became 225,000 in 2017. Over the 20year score, Houston’s Methodist Sugar Land Hospital scored numerous awards, like the best metro area hospital from Fortune magazine. There is a very simple reason for this amazing success, I CARE values: I, integrity; C, compassion; A, accountability; R, respect; E, excellence. As CEO Chris Siebenaler said in a recent interview in the Fort Bend Focus: ‘‘Houston Methodist Sugar Land is committed to cultivate a safe, spiritual, and healing environment for every single patient.’’ Congratulations on 20 amazing years, 20 more to come. 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF JENNIFER IRVINE (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Jennifer Irvine. She attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Jennifer Irvine devoted her life and career to defending people in family court and criminal court. She opened her own law firm in downtown San Diego, California, where she worked tirelessly to defend each of her clients. In her free time, Jennifer loved snowboarding, hot yoga, cats, and sailing. She had even earned a black belt in tae kwon do. She hoped to one day learn indoor rock climbing and to later experience skydiving. Jennifer is remembered by all those who knew her as loyal, fierce, and passionate. She had a genuine devotion for helping people and was always driven to be her best self. I would like to extend my condolences to Jennifer Irvine’s family and friends. Please note that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. f 
REMEMBERING THE LIFE OF THOMAS RUSSO (Mr. BYRNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remember the life of Thomas Russo. Tom was born in New Orleans and grew up in Louisiana, where he received a degree in broadcast journalism from LSU. I got to know Tom in his role as assignment manager at the WPMI television station in Mobile, Alabama. Tom was a consummate professional, always with a smile on his face and a contagious positivity about himself. In all of my experiences, Tom was a true joy to work with. Tragically, Tom passed away, unexpectedly, on March 3 at the young age of 56. To Tom’s wife, Kristine, and his children, Ryan and Nick, please know that Tom helped make southwest Alabama and the world a better and happier place. His legacy will live on in each of you. 
b1930 CALLING FOR JUDICIARY COMMITTEE HEARINGS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, so many of us, when we go home, get the question of what is going on in Washington and why this behavior continues. I think it is important for the American people to know that we have the responsibility of oversight. And I believe, as a senior member on the Judiciary Committee, that we need to address the question of the firing of Andrew McCabe. We understand there may be a report, the IG report. I don’t challenge it, but it has not been rendered or made public. The precipitous and heinous, unfair firing, in the manner that it was done—I think that our Nation is better than that. I believe it is important for the Judiciary Committee to hold hearings. And we should also hold hearings on the Cambridge situation. As a member of the Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection Subcommittee for Homeland Security, Judiciary should hold and find out why the private information of millions of Americans through Facebook has been utilized to skew the election of 2016. No, I am not complaining, Mr. Speaker, about the results. What I am saying: The American people are owed a fair and just election, and the responsible people are the Members of the United States Congress to determine how their private information has been skewed and used and 
is still being used without their permission. It is time for us to exercise our oversight, Mr. Speaker. Let’s do it now. 
CONGRATULATING THE GIRLS AND BOYS BASKETBALL TEAMS OF GRANDVIEW HIGH SCHOOL ON THEIR 5A STATE CHAMPIONSHIP TITLES (Mr. COFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate both the Grandview High School boys and girls basketball teams. These two teams from Grandview High School are now Colorado’s 5A school basketball champions. The Grandview Wolves’ boys team triumphed over George Washington High School from Denver by a score of 57 to 52. The girls team prevailed over Regis Jesuit High School by a score of 67 to 61. The Grandview boys basketball team had a spectacular season, finishing the season with an impressive 24–4 record. And the culmination of its season was the first ever boys basketball State championship title. The Grandview girls basketball team also had a tremendous season, finishing with an equally impressive 23–3 record. And the culmination of its season was the second consecutive girls basketball State championship title. The teams were led to their respective championship titles by their coaches: Josh Ulitzky for the girls team and Michael Rogers for the boys team. I also commend these two coaches, their coaching staffs, and their supporters at Grandview High School for all they have contributed to the success of the school’s boys and girls basketball programs. Again, congratulations to Grandview High School girls and boys basketball teams on this impressive victory in Colorado’s 5A State championship. 
MCCABE FIRING (Ms. KAPTUR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, our law enforcement and intelligence community—most notably, the FBI—is sustaining an unprecedented, coordinated attack led by the President of the United States. No one is above the law in our country, including the President. FBI Director Andrew McCabe, a 20 year veteran of the FBI, is the latest to fall to this concentrated effort to undermine Special Counsel Robert Mueller’s investigation into the Trump campaign’s entanglements with Russia during the 2016 Presidential election. Incidentally, former FBI Director Mueller has served our Nation for 36 years: as a soldier in the U.S. Navy with a Purple Heart; as a U.S. attorney; and also as FBI Director, including after 9/11 when he oversaw the transformation of the FBI from a domestic law enforcement agency into a global counterterrorism and counterintelligence agency. Wow. This administration is making every effort to degrade our Federal law enforcement institutions and, even more insidiously, by a negative media campaign to erode public faith in these institutions. Let truth will out. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. f 
REMEMBERING THE HONORABLE LOUISE SLAUGHTER (Mr. REED asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. REED. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening to stand with my colleagues on the other side of the aisle, as well as those on our side, in recognition of a life well done; that is, the passing of our colleague LOUISE SLAUGHTER . To me, tonight, it is something we should take a moment to reflect upon and recognize: her life, her commitment to this body. Having served with her on the Rules Committee, I can personally attest, being a fellow New Yorker, that we shared a commitment to our home areas; that we always brought the passion of our beliefs, both on the left and the right, into the room; but at the end of the day, LOUISE SLAUGHTER represented us well, in the sense of how she represented and carried herself in this Chamber as she represented her people, her folks back home in Rochester, New York. And I am proud to call her and remember her this evening as a Member of this body and her service to all of us. She was a Southern lady at heart, had a good wit, and she will be missed by many Members, if not all Members, on both sides of the aisle. 
HONORING JOCELYNE AND MONIQUE LAMOUREUX OF THE U.S. WOMEN’S OLYMPIC HOCKEY TEAM (Mr. CRAMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. CRAMER. Mr. Speaker, as we observe Women’s History Month and continue celebrating the historic Olympic Gold Medal won by the U.S. women’s hockey team, I rise to recognize two remarkable sisters from Grand Forks. Jocelyne and Monique Lamoureux grew up in one of North Dakota’s premier hockey families. These sisters have played together since they were teenagers and were standouts at the University of North Dakota. The first set of twins to play women’s ice hockey in the Olympics, they brought home silver medals in 2010 and 2014. In last month’s championship game against Canada, they helped make this win golden: Monique’s goal tied the game, and Jocelyne flawlessly executed the gamewinning shootout goal. Since returning home, they have joined Team USA in appearances across the Nation, inspiring a new generation of women athletes. A cheering crowd filled the Engelstad Hockey Arena in Grand Forks, many of them young girls and women on area hockey teams who came to congratulate their hometown champions who brought the U.S. women’s hockey team their first Olympic Gold Medal. On behalf of all North Dakotans, I salute Jocelyne and Monique. You have set a high bar for women athletes across the Nation, and North Dakota honors your excellence. f 
RECOGNIZING FARMERS ON NATIONAL AGRICULTURE DAY (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, this National Agriculture Week, I rise to recognize the hardworking farmers across this great Nation who get up every day and, by the sweat of their brow, grow the food we eat. The district I represent in west Texas is home to 14 million acres of farmland, making it one of the largest agriculture production regions in the world. Our farmers and ranchers feed and clothe the American people and help fuel the American economy. Agriculture contributes to 20plus million jobs, and it is our country’s number one export. But, more importantly, it provides a safe, affordable, and abundant supply of food for our citizens, which has tremendous national security implications. We can never put ourselves in a position where we depend on other countries for our food. That is not a vision for a safe, strong, and free America. When we sit down with our families to eat dinner this week, let’s remember to thank God for our food and for the farmers he uses to help make it. Mr. Speaker, these folks work hard and take enormous risks so this country can maintain its greatness so that America can continue to be the most powerful, the most prosperous, and the most generous country in the history of the world. God bless our farmers. God bless America. 
CONTINUATION OF NATIONAL EMERGENCY WITH RESPECT TO VENEZUELA—MESSAGE FROM THE PRESIDENT OF THE UNITED STATES (H. DOC. NO. 115–103) The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following message from the President of the United States; which was read and, together with the accompanying papers, referred to the Committee on Foreign Affairs 
and the Committee on Financial Services and ordered to be printed: To the Congress of the United States: Pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA) (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.), I hereby report that I have signed an Executive Order with respect to Venezuela that takes additional steps with respect to the national emergency declared in Executive Order 13692 of March 8, 2015, and relied upon for additional steps taken in Executive Order 13808 of August 24, 2017. The Executive Order prohibits, as of its effective date, all transactions related to, provision of financing for, and other dealings in, by a United States person or within the United States, any digital currency, digital coin, or digital token, that was issued by, for, or on behalf of the Government of Venezuela on or after January 9, 2018. I have authorized the Secretary of the Treasury, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to take such actions, including promulgating rules and regulations and to employ all powers granted to the President by IEEPA as may be necessary to carry out the purposes of the Executive Order. I am enclosing a copy of the Executive Order I have issued. DONALD J. T RUMP .THEWHITE HOUSE , March 19, 2018. 
One of their sons, Rusty, began working alongside his father and uncle during the summer of 1965, and then began working full time at the family business in 1972, with a third generation of workers not far behind. Now they are known as a reputable business selling tires across the district and providing automotive repairs in Toombs County. The Moses family has built their business through hard work; treating customers fairly; a little bit of luck; and, most importantly, through their employees, who are treated like part of their family. When I had the opportunity to speak with Rusty Moses about the success of his family business, he told me that his employees are hardworking, honest, lawabiding people, but high taxes and complex laws continued to stifle their income. Mr. Moses promised his employees that if the tax laws were changed, they would share in the business tax savings through performance bonuses and salary increases. Thanks to tax reform, this promise has become a reality. Georgia Tire Company has seen an increase in takehome pay, and it plans to issue employee bonuses at the end of this fiscal year. There are so many family businesses like Georgia Tire Company that are truly the lifeblood of our communities. Before tax reform, these businesses were struggling to make ends meet and unable to provide their employees with wellearned benefits. Don’t just take my word for it. There are more than 4 million Americans who have already seen the positive impacts of tax reform, just like at this tire company. With Congress and the President working handinhand, we have made great strides. I can’t tell you how happy I am to see our local businesses thriving in the new American economy, growing this economy, and giving all Americans the opportunity to have a good job. Mr. Speaker, I thank my fellow colleagues and President Trump for their support of comprehensive tax reform for all Americans. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia for those great words. As I mentioned earlier, another great company in the Third District of Georgia is a company called Total System Services, as we refer to it, TSYS. Right in Columbus, Georgia, TSYS is a major credit card processor and employs thousands of people in our area. Because of tax reform, they were able to give their employees a bonus, and, just as importantly, they have been able to invest in their business to grow at a more profitable rate and continue to return the benefits to the community. I have heard a lot of folks talk about tax reform being just crumbs, but to middle class Americans in my district, if you talk about crumbs, it is not about tax reform. Tax reform is making a difference in middle American lives every single day. It is helping families make their ends meet—they are going on the vacation that they have worked so hard for—or to invest in their home. These tax cuts are making a difference. Companies like TSYS, that are returning these benefits to their employees and making investments in their business, are continuing to do their part to make this Nation the most competitive place in the world to do business. Mr. Speaker, I now call on my colleague from Georgia, Representative LOUDERMILK . Representative LOUDERMILK represents Georgia’s 11th District. The median household income in his district will see an average savings of $1,780. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LOUDERMILK ). b2000 Mr. LOUDERMILK. Mr. Speaker, I especially thank my good colleague and friend from West Point, Georgia, for managing this hour so that we can share, really, the excitement that we are seeing back home for what adding a little bit of money in the people’s paycheck is doing. Mr. Speaker, I have often contemplated what transformed America from an enthusiastic ragtag rabble that had this idea of freedom into the strongest economy, the freest Nation, and the strongest military in the entire world? The reality of that is the freedom that this government and the rights that were given by God that we protect has given to the American people. When you think about the innovation that has come from America, innovation that has changed the face of the world, most of it came from here because of the freedom that we have. Now, if you go right down the road here to the Smithsonian’s Air and Space Museum, you will see a testament to that freedom in that building where two bicycle mechanics from Ohio were able to accomplish to what, for centuries, scientists and engineers couldn’t accomplish, because they had the freedom. We have taught our children in this Nation to dream big. In America, you can accomplish anything that you want to dream. But in the past couple of decades, we have squelched the dreams of these kids because, as we have put out the fire that we tell them they can have in America, we are quenching that fire with wet blankets of bureaucracy and obstacles. But I want to share with you a story from back home. It was a letter I received from a young man, a 14yearold, thanking me for the tax reform bill, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, which put more money in the back pocket of his parents. You see, he had a dream. He dreamed of being a pilot. He wanted to be a pilot. But I can tell you, as a pilot myself, that is a difficult thing to accomplish. Not only is the training difficult, but it can be very expensive. But he wrote me this letter thanking me. Because of the bonus that his dad received from his company because of the corporate tax cut, and the money that they are going to save because of the individual tax cuts, his parents are using that money to ensure that he gets flight lessons at 14 years old. He is accomplishing a dream because we removed government out of the way. And one thing, quite frankly, is we need airline pilots. Up here, we start looking at what government programs we can put in or incentives to get people to fly, when all we have got to do is get out of the way and let our children, once again, dream big. That is all that we are doing, is getting us out of way. When you look at Georgia, the results have been astounding. Even Home Depot, which is headquartered in my district, is investing $50 million to train 20,000 tradespeople to fill the gap. With this closing, Mr. Speaker, let me bring up that the number of jobs that we have available in this Nation is about equivalent to the number of people we have unemployed. We need to continue to get out of the way. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia’s 11th District. The gentleman is right, if we get the Federal Government out of the way, great things happen. As I mentioned earlier, another small company that is now doing big things as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is Custom Truck & Body Works in Woodbury, Georgia. This small company creates specialty vehicles for first responders. They had been hoping to grow their business, but they felt hampered by a burdensome Tax Code. After tax reform passed, they were finally able to move on with a building expansion, able to hire new workers, and give their current employees additional benefits. I got to see the impact on this business firsthand on a recent visit to their facility in Woodbury, Georgia. Everyone was excited about the company’s growth, and it really brought home, for me, the difference the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was already making in the Third District of Georgia. Next is my colleague from Alabama, Congressman MIKEROGERS . Congressman ROGERS represents Alabama’s Third District. We are neighbors along the Georgia Alabama line, and the median family household in his district will see a tax cut of almost $1,000. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ROGERS ). Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend and colleague from Georgia for leading this Special Order. Mr. Speaker, I rise to highlight the impact of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is having in east Alabama and across America. After working under an outdated Tax Code for over 30 years, businesses and 
families from the Third District of Alabama and the entire country are feeling some relief. From bigger paychecks to bonuses and raises, many companies in the U.S. have already distributed over $4 billion in bonuses. In my district, Russell Lands in Alexander City distributed $500 bonuses to each of their 500 employees as a direct result of the tax overhaul. Three companies in Columbus, Georgia, which is right across the State line from my district, have already rewarded their employees because of tax reform, including, as you have heard earlier, Aflac, Synovus Financial, and Total System Services. This is putting more money back in the pockets of some of my constituents right across the State line in Russell County. Regions Bank and Protective Life in Birmingham, Alabama; Cogent Building Group in Point Clear, Alabama; Overseas Hardwoods in Stockton, Alabama; and DTI and Xante in Mobile are other companies across our great State that have been giving bonuses to their employees. I am proud of Ben Russell of Russell Lands and the other companies I mentioned leading the way on this important front. Because of the tax reform, over 4 million workers have already received a bonus or a pay increase across our great country. These bigger paychecks and bonuses can help families save for their kids’ school or help pay for a new household appliance. It helps with making a car payment or paying off student debt. This extra money represents opportunity. At a time when every penny counts, I am proud to see tax reform is giving hardworking Americans more money to take home to their families. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Alabama for his remarks and for taking the opportunity to share some of the great things that are happening just across the State line to our neighbors. Mr. Speaker, one of the reasons that tax reform was so important to me, and one of the things that I campaigned so hard for is growing up in a community where we lost our manufacturing backbone, where we lost our job base. We saw families just begin to lose everything. They began to lose their homes, their cars, their small family businesses. We saw a generation move away from our communities to look for better opportunities because the jobs simply weren’t there. I know that every single job is important. So every time that we are able to do something in this great Nation to create the environment, where this is the best place on the planet to do business, and we can grow jobs, it is good for our communities; it is good for our friends; it is good for our families; it is good for our neighbors. It makes our community stronger. One of the things about tax reform that is so important to remember is not simply about lowering the rates, but it is about helping American families, because now companies are now making decisions based on their employees and what is best for their bottom line, not arcane provisions that exist in the Tax Code. So every time that I hear someone from the other side say, ‘‘All we did was give a tax break,’’ I think it is being disingenuous. I think, quite candidly, it shows a lack of willingness to dig down into what this tax reform is really about; and that is changing how American companies operate so they can be very competitive on the world stage, so that they can make this place the greatest place in the world to do business and hire more of our friends and our family members, your neighbors, in the bestpaying jobs on the planet. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to call on my colleague from Georgia’s Seventh District, Congressman ROB WOODALL . Congressman W OODALL is on the Budget Committee, on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee, and on the Rules Committee. I thank Congressman WOODALL for his leadership on those committees. I thank the gentleman for the opportunity that he has spent with me as a freshman guiding me along the way. I know that the folks back home truly appreciate his efforts, because, as a result of tax reform, families making the median income in his district receive a $1,866 increase in their paychecks as a result. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Georgia’s Seventh District (Mr. WOODALL ). Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for yielding. Mr. Speaker, you know that he may call himself a freshman, but Mr. FERGUSON —Dr. F ERGUSON has made his weight felt around here since day one. He ran on a commonsense platform that said: Dadgummit, let’s just go and get something done. Let’s go and make a difference. Let’s stop fussing about it. Let’s start doing something about it. He has developed a reputation as a doer, and I am proud to serve with him. I appreciate him putting together this opportunity tonight. Mr. Speaker, we talk about tax reform as if it is a line item somewhere. The truth is that it is a feeling. It is a collective sigh of relief that has gone on in every single congressional district represented here. We have all gotten those calls. I got one just the other day, Mr. Speaker, from a father whose adult daughter had fallen on hard times and has a tough time making the bills work. As someone who had been strapped for the last, 6, 7, 8 years, he was trying to figure out how he was going to help his daughter make the bill balance when he wound up with $1,000 bonus from one of our local employers. It came at exactly the right time to make a difference in his family’s life. It is that collective sigh of relief that better days are coming tomorrow than we had yesterday. I have heard it from the biggest companies in the district and I have heard it from the smallest companies in the district. The Home Depot is a proud Georgia company. My friend, Mr. LOUDERMILK  mentioned it is headquartered in his district. We have got about seven stores in my district and a distribution facility in our district. Mr. Speaker, $1,000 bonuses from The Home Depot went not to their upperlevel management employees, but to their rankand file hourly employees at the store. That is real money in somebody’s pocket back home. Now, that’s just the kind of company that Home Depot is. We remember that during the economic crisis, when folks were cutting back on everything to try to make the books balance. They kept that program going on Saturday mornings, where you could come out with your kids, where you could build a birdhouse together, where you could build a train together, where you could come together as a family. Even when you didn’t have enough dollars to go to a ball game, you could come to your local Home Depot and be present with your children. That is the kind of company they are. Same thing with UPS. My friend from Georgia knows, UPS has a proud tradition. We won them over from Connecticut. Years ago, Oz Nelson made that decision. Folks in UPS brown, 1,700 employees in my district, are getting bonuses because UPS now has more money to go around. Now, all the money didn’t go into bonuses. Let’s be clear, it didn’t. UPS put $5 billion in their pension fund. Mr. Speaker, how many times have we talked about pension funds being underfunded in this country and wanting somebody to do something about it? UPS got some extra dollars and they put those dollars in the pension fund for their employees. They announced last month, Mr. Speaker, 14 additional 747 purchases. Now, Boeing is not headquartered in my district, but if you live in Washington State or you live in South Carolina, the news that 14 more planes are going to be purchased means something to those families, to those suppliers, to those subcontractors. Four new 767s being purchased as a result of extra money that wasn’t coming to the Federal Government that is, instead, being reinvested. My friend from Georgia said it best: companies are now, for the first time in a long time, making decisions based on what is best for them, for their customers, for their employees, and for their communities. Mr. Speaker, we can argue about what kind of public policy we should have, but can’t we agree that one where we are prioritizing people and communities first is one that we can all be proud of? 
I was pleased to support the bill. I am pleased to be down here with my friend from Georgia tonight talking about the impacts. I am grateful both to the Chair, Mr. Speaker, and to my friend from Georgia, for your leadership on this tax reform issue, for making it possible. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Georgia’s Seventh District for his remarks. Well said. Mr. Speaker, as I close out tonight, I first want to thank all of my colleagues who joined us here tonight to share some of the amazing stories from their districts and their States about what is happening as a result of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. It is clear that this is having a real impact. The benefits are clearly more than just crumbs. They are meaningful to every single family. I think one of the things that I see— and I am beginning to see more and more of—is not just simply that an employee is getting a bigger paycheck, which is great, but that enthusiasm that they have; because not only are they being rewarded for the job well done, but they are now seeing new opportunities because of growing businesses that they never had before. It is exciting and it is wonderful to see our friends, our family, and our neighbors, the people who we care about, who we represent, being affected in a positive way. As our economy grows and as we do things here to put more and more back into our communities in the forms of people’s freedoms for them to make livings and to raise their children and to do with their family what they feel like is best, I see a bright future for this Nation. Just looking right now, 4 million people just recently receiving bonuses on top of their tax cuts, it has been a huge impact. It is making a difference. This is a promise that was made and it is a promise that has been kept. b2015 And because of our growing economy, we will have a chance to keep our other promises: our promise to defend this Nation against foreign invaders, our promise to make sure that our important safety nets are there in the future, making sure that we can keep every promise made to our seniors in terms of Social Security and Medicare, making sure that we can keep our promises to the men and women of the armed services who were willing to die for our freedoms. We can keep our promises to our children to make this Nation a wonderful and great place for them because we are beginning to have the resources that we need to tackle one of the most important challenges that we will ever face, and that is the $21 trillion in debt that we have burdened future generations with. A growing economy gives us the resources to do just that, and I cannot wait to see what this future looks like because I know that it is strong, I know that it is bright, and I know that it is right because we will be able to keep our promises. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
2018: THE YEAR OF THE BLACK WOMAN The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MAST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. CLARKE ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous material on the subject of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from New York? There was no objection. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, it is with great honor that I rise today to anchor this Congressional Black Caucus Special Order hour. I thank the Congressional Black Caucus chairman, CEDRIC RICHMOND , for his leadership in this effort. For the next 60 minutes, we have an opportunity to speak directly to the American people about issues of great importance to the Congressional Black Caucus and the millions of constituents whom we represent. Tonight’s Special Order hour topic is Women’s History Month. Mr. Speaker, during Women’s History Month, we salute phenomenal women who refused to sit on the sidelines of history. After the passage of the 19th Amendment, millions of women have continued to march like the women who came before them. For generations, women, particularly Black women, have been on the front lines fighting for key rights for America’s women, including the right to equal pay, the right to equal access to educational opportunities, and the right to equal access to opportunities in the workplace. In that spirit, I rise today on behalf of the Congressional Black Caucus in reclaiming 2018 as the Year of the Black Woman. 2018, the Year of the Black Woman—I like the sound of that. Black women are a force to reckon with, and we shall not be moved. New York, my hometown, has a longstanding and illustrious legacy of leading the way to advance women’s rights, from Seneca Falls to the United States Congress, and even on the road to the White House. It was where Madam C.J. Walker and Billie Holiday laid down their roots. It was the home of the late great Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, the first AfricanAmerican woman to serve in this distinguished House and whose congressional district I represent today. ‘‘I am not a candidate of Black America, although I am Black and proud. I am not a candidate of the women’s movement of this country, although I am a woman, and I am equally proud of that. . . . I am the candidate of the people of America.’’ These are the words she spoke. This year marks the 50th anniversary of Shirley Chisholm’s election to the House of Representatives as the reformer from Brooklyn and the 46th anniversary of her historic bid for the Presidency. In doing so, Shirley Chisholm blazed a pathway for millions of girls and women to dream unthinkable dreams. Shirley Chisholm’s labor and contribution to Brooklyn, Congress, and the Nation continues to bear fruit today. She paved the way for many of the women, myself included, to run for elected office at all levels. Shirley Chisholm opposed war, racism, sexism, and inequality. She stood up to Republicans and demanded more from her own party. She won; she lost; she never backed down. Fortysix years ago, the unbossed and unbought Shirley Chisholm announced her candidacy for President of the United States, making her the first woman in history to run for the highest office in the land. I can because she did. Congresswoman Chisholm used the authority of her experience to create nutrition assistance programs, expand healthcare services for parents and children, increase the minimum wage, support the veterans of our Armed Forces, and provide opportunities for women in college, graduate school, and collegiate and professional sports with the enactment of title IX. But that is not all. Shirley Chisholm pushed this country forward. I can recall growing up in Brooklyn and just being so proud as a young girl growing up knowing that there was a woman who looked like me who came from my neighborhood, who came from my origins, sitting here in the House of Representatives. She was somewhat of a rock star in Brooklyn. Her intellect, her ability, her savviness was something that she exuded in every environment that she found herself. She was pretty stylish as well. But it was, indeed, her strategic thinking and her ability to be a voice for the voiceless that really propelled Shirley Chisholm into the hearts and minds of all Americans. Shirley Chisholm pushed this country forward, and for this and other reasons, she deserves a permanent place among other figures of United States history right here in the Capitol. In January, I introduced H.R. 4856, what I have named the Shirley Chisholm Statue Bill. The bill would do just that, honor Shirley Chisholm’s legacy with a permanent statue among those statues in our hollowed Halls. H.R. 4856 directs the United States Joint Committee on the Library, which is responsible for oversight of the operations of the Library of Congress and the management of Statuary Hall Collection, to obtain a statue of Chisholm 
for permanent placement in the United States Capitol. I am very pleased to say that over 70 Members of the United States House of Representatives are cosponsors. My sister, colleague, and friend, Senator KAMALA HARRIS of California, in late February, introduced the companion bill. Among Senate cosponsors are the CBC members Senator CORY BOOKER of New Jersey, in addition to Senators Warren and Sanders, and my Senators, CHUCK SCHUMER and K IRSTEN  GILLIBRAND , as well. Senator HARRIS and I agree, Shirley Chisholm created a path for Black women Members of Congress who have served after her. ‘‘Her legacy encourages us to keep up the fight for our most voiceless and vulnerable,’’ Senator HARRIS stated. Mr. Speaker, Rosa and Sojourner, giant figures in American history and the only two AfricanAmerican women cemented permanently here in the Capitol, are lonely. Mr. Speaker, I hope that you will join us in this effort. Let’s pass the Shirley Chisholm Statue Bill right away. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ), one of the staunch supporters of women’s rights here on Capitol Hill and cochair of the Bipartisan Women’s Caucus. Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman CLARKE for all of her strong leadership as a Member of Congress and also as a cochair of the Congressional Caucus on Black Women and Girls as she advocates for awareness, fairness, and equality for all. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today during Women’s History Month to acknowledge the impact and legacy of Black women in America. Black women have blazed trails, set standards, and broken barriers in every job sector, elected position, and civil rights movement in America. I am especially proud of the strong leadership of AfricanAmerican women during the suffrage movement. The suffrage movement was the demand and struggle for the right for all women to vote and run for office and was a very important part of the overall women’s rights movement. Faced with constant opposition and threats of violence, women of various social classes, economic classes, and race traveled across the country to make their proclamation loud and clear. They have a voice, and they deserved a vote. As women fought and marched for their right to be treated as firstclass citizens, in addition to their gender, AfricanAmerican women were also faced with the barriers of racism in America. While women were united by gender, they remained divided by race. In the march for respect and dignity, Black women were asked to march at the back of the suffrage parade. Despite being asked to go to the back of the parade, 22 founders of the amazing Delta Sigma Theta sorority marched. This sorority was the only AfricanAmerican women’s organization to participate in the parade. I am proud to say I am a proud member of Delta Signa Theta. Another member of Delta Signa Theta sorority, Ida B. WellsBarnette, marched for the right to vote. A journalist, antilynching crusader, and outspoken suffragist founded the first AfricanAmerican women’s suffrage organization, the Alpha Suffrage Club of Chicago. The members of the Ida B. Wells organization joined her in marching in the women’s suffrage march parade in Washington in 1913. Mr. Speaker, this is just one of the examples of how Black women have faced, headon, the double barrier of being Black and being a woman in America. As a Black woman of Congress and as vice chair of the Democratic Women’s Working Group and the Congressional Caucus for Women’s Issues, I stand on the shoulders of women who refused to accept the status of being a secondclass citizen, a secondclass woman, or a secondclass race. I stand on the shoulders of Shirley Chisholm, as my colleague has outlined this amazing woman being the first AfricanAmerican woman of Congress. I stand on the shoulders of women like Erma Henderson. She was a Detroit civil rights activist who became the first Black woman to be elected to the Detroit City Council. She was the first woman I was able to look up to as a little Black girl growing up in the city of Detroit. She inspired me to believe that one day I, too, could have a seat at the table. Mr. Speaker, the legacy of Black women is far from over. I am proud of how far we have come, and I am encouraged by the hope of what is next. I am encouraged by my colleagues— White, Black, men, and women—who continue to fight for fairness, justice, and equality for all women and for Black women in this country. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for her extraordinary comments this evening, really highlighting the triumphs and the challenges of both race and gender when we talk about Black women. This is Women’s History Month. We want to bring a unique lens to the conversation of Women’s History Month because oftentimes, indeed, Black women tend to be the hidden figures. b2030 Having said that, it is now my honor to yield to the gentlewoman from California, the honorable BARBARA LEE, one of the outstanding mentors and Black women here in Congress who has done extraordinary work, whether it is in leading the conscience of this Congress around the Iraq war or many other causes that we have seen her leadership as a north star to really making this Nation the best that it can be. It is my honor to yield to the gentlewoman from California. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentlewoman for those kind remarks, and also let me thank Congresswoman LAWRENCE for her tremendous leadership and all she has done not only through this Special Order, but through all of their work with the Congressional Black Women and Girls Caucus. They have really lifted up Black women and shown the world that Black women lead, and I am very proud of both of them for doing that. You know, hidden figures, we are not hidden anymore thanks to them. Mr. Speaker, I want to just take a minute and begin by saying what a huge void it is on the floor of this House tonight without the presence of our beloved warrior woman Congresswoman LOUISE SLAUGHTER . She was a brilliant and beautiful woman: the first woman to chair the Rules Committee and the only microbiologist in the House. My heart is broken tonight. Louise sat right there. She encouraged us; she supported our agenda, whatever we were doing; and she was a true mentor. I know, on behalf of all of us, we are praying for her family and her constituents tonight, and it feels different without Louise being on this floor. I am glad to be with my sisters this evening and Congressional Black Caucus member Mr. EVANS because this is a moment that we have to kind of pull together in her absence. Each year, in March, we pause to honor the countless contributions that women have made to this Nation. As a Black woman, I am uniquely aware that our stories tend, really, to be lost in the mainstream celebration of Women’s History Month. That is why I am glad to be here with my CBC colleagues to declare that, yes, 2018, this is the year of the Black woman. For generations, Black women have blazed trails throughout this Nation: Madam C.J. Walker, Mary McLeod Bethune, Ruby Bridges, Audre Lorde, Mae Jemison, and Michelle Obama. This list of historical Black girl magic, it could go on. It could go on and on because, in every chapter of American history, Black women have stood up, spoken out, and pushed this Nation closer to freedom and justice and equality for all. Last year, we saw the clearest indication of the influence that Black women have on our society through the emergence of the Me Too movement against sexual assault and misconduct. Many don’t know this, but the Me Too movement was started by a Black woman 12 years ago to support victims and survivors of sexual violence. Tarana Burke’s work and the phrase ‘‘me too’’ have revolutionized the way we approach sexual assault in this country. But as has been the case throughout American history, Tarana’s story, the story of Black women, is often lost in mainstream coverage of this movement, and what a shame it is. 
But, once again, 2018, this is the year of Black women, and thank you for giving us a chance to highlight some of these hidden figures. Courageous, bold, and brilliant women like Tarana have been fighting for the soul of this country for generations. And despite being locked out of opportunity and left behind in consideration, like our beloved, brilliant, the late Dr. Maya Angelou said so wisely: And still we rise. We rise in the spirit of Black women like Ida B. Wells, who happens to have been born on July 16, which is my birthday—different year, though, but July 16. She was a revolutionary journalist and crusader for justice who spoke truth to power and exposed the atrocity of lynchings across the country. We rise with the hope and determination of Black women like my mentor— and Congresswoman YVETTE CLARKE  has so boldly taken up her agenda, and she is standing on her shoulders—Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, the first major party AfricanAmerican candidate and the first woman candidate who ran for the United States Presidency. Miss C., as we called her, broke many barriers while tirelessly advocating for the most vulnerable in our Nation and our world. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman CLARKE for laying her record out. I have to say, I got to know her very well. I was honored to have coordinated her northern California campaign, and I saw the many obstacles that she overcame as a Black woman in politics. I happen to have been honored to have been a Shirley Chisholm delegate in Miami at the convention, and I have to just say, you talk about mentors, Congresswoman Chisholm encouraged me, and she was a catalyst for change, and she was unbought and unbossed. I think Black women today are unbought and unbossed, and we are the catalyst for change, and so I can’t help but honor Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm tonight and thank her for her contributions to our country, but also for being so special in my life, because I shared many, many, many moments with her. So thank you again, and we want to recognize her on this floor. Mr. Speaker, we also rise with the courage of fearless Black women like Anita Hill, who held her head high and spoke out against sexual harassment despite being humiliated by a committee of White male Senators. I was reminded by Andrea Mitchell last week, on her show, that Congresswoman SLAUGHTER was one of those House Members who marched over there to that committee and held that hearing up for a couple of days. When we rise, when we stand up together. When we refuse to be silenced, Black women and women can change history. Because Anita Hill refused to let the abuse she was subjected to dissuade her from working to create a world where other young female professionals wouldn’t be made to accept sexual harassment as simply part of the job, a movement was begun because of that. The movement led to the passage of the Civil Rights Act of 1991 that allowed employees to sue for damages related to sex discrimination and harassment, and Anita reminded us that it was a Black woman who filed the first sexual harassment lawsuit in the mid eighties. Now, this movement led to more women being elected to office, tripling the number of women Senators from two to six; and because of that movement, there are now 22 women Senators and 104 Members of the House. Make no mistake, we still have a long way to go to achieve full and lasting equality for Black women in this country. Black women still make only 60 cents for every dollar that White females make. We still have to fight for access to healthcare, and structural sexism continues to stand in the way of Black women being able to fully achieve the American Dream. But still we rise. I am confident that, no matter what obstacles we face, as long as we stand up, speak out, and fight for what is right, we will win—because we are winning. And let me just say as a Black woman who has been fighting for social justice and equality my entire life, the fight is worth it. So I am proud to stand here with you tonight in memory of my mother, who was a fearless warrior woman, who taught me never to back down if I thought what I said or what I did was right. Had Black women, like Ida B. Wells, my mother, Mildred Parish Massey, Congresswoman Shirley Chisholm, and Anita Hill given up, I might not be standing here today. I am the 17th AfricanAmerican woman in Congress, the 74th African American, and the 163rd woman to serve in the House of Representatives in the United States’ history. I know I would not be here if it weren’t for these phenomenal AfricanAmerican warrior women. Mr. Speaker, thank you again for giving us a chance tonight to talk about our great sheroes, and I hope we continue to educate the public and to lift up Black women so the entire country will really understand and value and know where we have been so they know where we are going, and that is to achieve liberty and justice for everyone in this country. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from California for her eloquent presentation this evening. It is now my honor and privilege to bring to the floor the gentleman from the great State of Pennsylvania, the great city of Philadelphia, the city of brotherly love and sisterly affection, the honorable DWIGHT EVANS of the Second Congressional District. Mr. EVANS. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague from the great city of Brooklyn, particularly the great part of New York in terms of Brooklyn. She always reminds me that there is not a better place than Brooklyn. And if you haven’t been there, I encourage you to go to Brooklyn. What can I say about my colleague Congresswoman LAWRENCE from Michigan? As they both lead this effort, I compliment both of them. I want to thank my colleagues for holding this Special Order hour to talk about our queens, our rocks, and our Black women. I say that because I was raised by a Black woman who was a single head of household, better known as my mom, Jean Evans. She was someone then and now who always was very consistent in her message in terms of stay strong and always look forward. As we paint a picture of the Black community in 2018, it is clear that we have a lot to lose, because too many of our neighborhoods, unfortunately, are still plagued by rampant poverty, dysfunction, and crime. They are very serious issues. But as I seek to tie together last week’s Congressional Black Caucus Special Order with tonight’s theme, it is important to remember that, when the Kerner Commission report was issued, and even today, Black women had to deal with racism and, add to that, sexism. I am comforted by the fact that the excellence of Black women continues to outshine the gloom and doom that some of these problems bring. In fact, the fastest growing category of entrepreneurs are Black women. Fortunately, I don’t have to look too far because of Philadelphia, home of some of the most dynamic women and Black women in America. There is a woman there who is very good, and I have known her an awful long time, City Councilwoman Janine Blackwell, six terms in the council, born and raised in Philadelphia. She is a seasoned advocate for social change and has a 30year reputation for serving community members and the poor and underprivileged in the city of Philadelphia, making her a leader in our city, Councilwoman Janine Blackwell. Della Clark, president of The Enterprise Center, has played an integral role in the creative, technical, and professional progress of minority business development over the course of her life. Estelle Richman, former Secretary of Public Welfare and Chief Operating Officer of the United States Department of Housing and Urban Development. Richman oversaw agency efforts that resulted in an increased percentage of foster children finding permanent homes and a drop in the waiting list for mental retardation services. Julia Coker Graham is the president and the CEO of the Philadelphia Convention and Visitors Bureau, where she oversees all of the organization’s departments and operational duties. 
during this Special Order hour as we highlight the accomplishments and we speak to the concerns in the Year of the Black Woman. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for her leadership and tenacity, and that of her coanchor, the Honorable BRENDA LAWRENCE . They are so correct. This is the year of Black Woman Rising. I can’t help but celebrate the quote from the Honorable Shirley Chisholm, whom I had the privilege of introducing more than once as a younger woman. One will never forget that experience and never forget the experience of just being around the Honorable Shirley Chisholm and the Honorable Barbara Jordan. They both came from similar stock on opposite sides of the Nation, but they were strong, stern, committed, and ready to serve; and serve, I like to think, without foolishness. So I love the quote of Congresswoman Chisholm that said: If there is no chair for you at the table, then bring a folding chair. I am paraphrasing. What a celebration. Let me be very clear, it can go for Black women today in the 21st century. I do want to acknowledge and to thank all women in this Women’s History Month for their leadership and service. I want to particularly take note of our lost, late colleague, the Honorable LOUISE SLAUGHTER , and say that if there was ever a mighty woman of great leadership, tenacity, and strength, it was our dear friend, LOUISE  SLAUGHTER . We honor her now and as well in the months to come. As we talk about women of color, and in this instance, Black women, let me tell my colleagues that was about 400 or 500 of my sorors on Saturday. I must make mention of Marsha Penn, our president, and we were talking about the famous number 98. Let me make sure I note all of the sorors in different sororities. For those of you who are not familiar with the sorority, that is a particular unique and special part of Black women’s lives. I know there are other sororities, but we take it very seriously. You can be many colors. I happen to be pink and green, but there are many colors. I call them all my sorors. They are my sisters. But we were talking about the power, and I use the number 98. I used that same number when I spoke with Stacey Abrams in Georgia just a few weeks ago. She may, in fact, be the first AfricanAmerican woman nominee for Governor. She is running for that position in Georgia. She may be one of the great leaders coming forward. But the 98 number is, as my colleagues know, 98 percent of African American women cast their vote that catapulted Senator DOUG JONES into the United States Senate. They are change makers and tree shakers. That is what I want to say about Black Woman Rising. They are, in fact, those tree shakers. Might I say and pay tribute to Ivalita Jackson, my mother; Valerie Bennett; Sarah Jackson; Sybil Gooden; Olive Jackson, my grandmother; Vannie Bennett, my grandmother; Mrs. Simms, my greatgrandmother; Audrey Reed, my aunt; Vickie Bennett, my aunt; along with Valerie Bennett, my aunt. All of these women surrounded me and gave me the kind of tenacity and strength that I can be proud of. b2100 I also want to acknowledge women like Dr. Alexa Canady, the first AfricanAmerican woman neurosurgeon; Oprah Winfrey, a Mississippi native who has turned into a multimultimillionaire and upwards of a billionaire; and the story of Sojourner Truth, who was left off of the suffragette statue; but women like myself gathered together. Senator Clinton carried the legislation, but C. Delores Tucker was the inspiration. She did not rest until Sojourner Truth found her place in the United States Congress. There was Rosa Parks, who now sits in Statuary Hall in tribute to many members of the Congressional Black Caucus. I certainly thank our chairman, Mr. RICHMOND , for creating these opportunities for us to have this kind of experience. Let me now get to the crux of what we need to do to be fair to Black women. First of all, we need to quash, extinguish the stereotypes of welfare queens, incarcerated women, women with children and no spouses, and really talk about the mountains that Black women have climbed to raise children and to create heroes across the specter of leadership, from science to medicine, to education and, yes, to sports. Let’s make sure that we never have a President that says ‘‘sons of a B’’ to malign the many mothers, many of them African American, who are the mothers of sports persons who, only because of their upbringing, had a sensitivity to criminal justice reform. Let us always characterize the mothers of the movement for what they are: not individuals who are against law enforcement or order, but mothers who have lost their children in an unfair way. We need to work toward how things should change in criminal justice reform and improve policecommunity relations so we don’t have mothers who have lost their children, such as Eric Garner, Michael Brown, Walter Scott, Tamir Rice, Trayvon Martin, and Jordan Davis. Some of these were not directly police issues, but they were sons who lost their lives, AfricanAmerican young men. Also, Sandra Bland. Her mother is a dear friend of mine. They lost their lives in ways that should not have been. There are also the same mothers of those law enforcement officials who have lost their lives. They mourn. What about bringing them together? Many of the mothers of young African Americans are obviously people of color, but we have lost many in the law enforcement in the same way. My point is that the pain of mothers, the pain of AfricanAmerican mothers, should be treated with dignity. The idea of a mother being on assistance to provide for her children and living in public housing should carry no label. There should not be a definition of supplemental food stamps as a handout, as much as it is a handup. No one should be trying to save money in the United States Congress by providing boxes of food versus a nutrition system that food stamps allow, which is to allow someone to go and buy what their family needs or buy the formula or what their child with allergies needs. Let’s, first of all, establish dignity. Then, of course, if young women who happen to be African American happen to be incarcerated, let’s make sure that we are looking to end mandatory minimums so that for these young women who are caught up in a conspiracy where the law wraps everyone up because of some elements of a spouse or a significant other or a boyfriend, and they get caught up in the criminal justice system, we can respond to them as mothers and recognize that they should be having an opportunity to not be entrapped with mandatory minimums so that they are never able to return to their children. What about women who are pregnant and incarcerated, many of them Latino and AfricanAmerican women? We should be able to have a situation where those women are not separated from those children. I heard Mr. PAYNE mention the 64 cents per dollar that many African American women make in those kinds of hourly wage jobs. Therefore, we must have an increase in the minimum wage, but, more importantly, an increase in wages for women working in all capacities so that the stagnant wages that have not been impacted positively by the $2 trilliondollar tax cut, we must ensure that. We must ensure the ability of all persons to vote without obstruction and without the dastardly voter ID laws that have been put in place specifically to stymie the vote of people of color: Latinos and African Americans. I would hope that the courts would find them unconstitutional. Motherhood must be promoted, as I indicated, for those incarcerated, but also for those who are not. Also, the support of healthcare, which is what the Affordable Care Act was all about. It was to equalize and to give a protective system for our working mothers or our mothers who could not afford insurance in another way. It is unfortunate, though we have tried—the Republican Congress has attempted to unravel a very strong healthcare system. There are women in the United States military. First, I salute them all, but I also salute those African 
American women who have served in the military and have become generals. I do want to take note of an organization that I have a deep affection for, and that is NASA. I am going to make it very clear that I want NASA to be on notice that I am still going to focus on the precipitous removal of an African American, wellqualified astronaut without any explanation. The only explanation is: We did this wrong, and we really need to fix it. But it needs to be explained why this person is not put back on the astronaut list and what excuse you had to remove her, other than the fact she was an AfricanAmerican woman. In this month and this time we are honoring women, if you have a reason, you need to come forward to discern or explain why an AfricanAmerican woman with the credentials, who is an M.D., who has been in training for a large number of years, was precipitously removed with no explanation. These are the kinds of challenges that we face. So, I guess my message is: Let us give dignity to these women who are characteristically different. Sojourner Truth represents a powerful example of that. She was a tall, dark, regal women. The story goes that, when she was at the suffragette meeting in the Midwest, she either raised her hand or attempted to be recognized, and the person in the front said: Yes, sir, what do you want, the gentleman in the back? She began this long statement that said: Ain’t I a woman? I have born 13 children and seen most all sold into slavery. Although I may be strong looking and manly looking, you may not have recognized that I am a woman that has born children and had them snatched away from me. So I think the underlying premise of what we need to do for girls is to stop having the bias of young boys and girls who are African American being expelled or suspended from school in larger percentages than others. We need to make sure that the schools in our communities that happen to be Latino and AfricanAmerican neighborhoods are equal to other schools. We need to invest in education. We need to invest in Historically Black Colleges and Universities. We need to invest in technology and coding. We need to invest in giving our young people opportunity. I want to conclude my remarks by saying that this is an amazing array of outstanding women. I cannot recall all of their names, but I hope that, as I call their names, you understand my singular thing of dignity. Dignity doesn’t write legislation, but it causes us to write legislation and policies that give women of color—in this instance, AfricanAmerican women—as we honor them in Women’s History Month, dignity and whatever the tools there are that give them dignity: better access to jobs, better access to housing, better respect for the work they do. We had the dismissal of an astronaut without any explanation and no explanation that they can find. Tracey Norman is a model. Oprah Winfrey. Shirley Chisolm. Leontyne Price. Maya Angelou. We know them for their work in civil rights. Aretha Franklin, a historic, wonderful artist in her own right. Hattie McDaniel. Marian Anderson. Ella Fitzgerald. Althea Gibson. Dorothy Dandridge. Chemist Marie Daly. Sarah Goode, an inventor. We know the wonderful movie that talked about NASA women. Della Reece. Ms. Muhammad, an athlete. Ms. Butler, an author. Mae Jemison, my friend, a doctor and astronaut. Tyra Banks. Whoopi Goldberg. Loretta Lynch. Patricia Roberts Harris. Many of us are familiar with her work as a secretary in our United States. Mary Jane Patterson, an educator. Alice Coachman. There are so many. I conclude by simply saying that what we want is dignity, respect, and the ability to serve and to be Americans, as we should. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Texas for bringing to the floor so many of the issues that Black women have been in the lead on or have been fighting for, such as social justice and criminal justice reform, which is the hallmark of the leadership of Congresswoman SHEILA JACKSON LEE. We are grateful to her for expressing today all of these obstacles that we must overcome and that we are focused on here in the House of Representatives. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. LAWRENCE ). Mrs. LAWRENCE. Mr. Speaker, I just want to close with some words of wisdom from Black women who absolutely have inspired me. ‘‘It’s not the load that breaks you down, it’s the way you carry it,’’ Lena Horn. ‘‘I did what my conscience told me to do, and you can’t fail if you do that,’’ Anita Hill. ‘‘Mistakes are a fact of life. It is the response to the error that counts,’’ Nikki Giovanni. ‘‘Don’t feel entitled to anything you didn’t sweat and struggle for.’’ That is the legendary Marian Wright Edelman. And I close on an amazing woman we have talked so much about: ‘‘Service is the rent that you pay for room on this Earth,’’ Shirley Chisolm. Mr. Speaker, I am so proud to be a woman in America and to be blessed by God with this beautiful, Black skin and to be a Black woman in America. Ms. CLARKE of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Michigan for sharing those quotes with us this evening. It is so important, in terms of inspiration and motivation, that we are able to pull from the work that is being done by Black women and those who have preceded us. Mr. Speaker, I want to take this moment, because I would be remiss if I did not take this opportunity to honor another distinguished woman from New York, the dearly departed Congresswoman LOUISE SLAUGHTER from New York’s 25th District. Words cannot adequately express the sense of sadness that I and many in my delegation feel to have received word of the passing of Congresswoman LOUISE  SLAUGHTER , the dean of the New York delegation. Ms. SLAUGHTER dedicated her life’s work to the people of western New York and, indeed, all Americans across our great Nation. She embodied a spirit of strength, wisdom, grace, and beauty, inside and out. She represented the very best of the American spirit, our values, and our ideals. She was a trailblazer. She was the first woman to serve as chair and ranking member of the powerful House Rules Committee. She commanded the respect and admiration of her colleagues. Having had the honor of serving with her has enriched my passion for service and my commitment to fight for the most vulnerable amongst us. She is, indeed, a woman on whose shoulders I stand. The United States Congress has lost an esteemed leader, the New York delegation has lost a beloved dean, and I have lost a cherished friend and mentor. My thoughts and my prayers are with her three daughters, Megan, Amy, and Emily; and her grandchildren and greatgrandchildren. In this time of their bereavement, we extend our deepest condolences. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, we stand today in honor and in awe of the many accomplishments of black women in America. Despite seemingly insurmountable odds, black women have led iconic movements that have come to define the standard of equality and fairness throughout our society. Every black woman stands on the shoulders of those who have paved the way for the continued freedom we enjoy, drawing their inspiration from the strength of our ancestors and our peers. The accomplishments of black women are part of a storied legacy of achievement made all the more meaningful by the challenges that we’ve had to overcome. As black women, the heavy burden of both systemic racism and sexism are not new realities, just circumstances that we have long worked to dismantle through civil rights movements, equal pay rallies, and organized civic engagement. Black women and girls possess a unique understanding of the trials and adversities unique to our own experiences. Black women have always made do with less than their fair share, earning only 63 cents for every dollar a white man makes for the same work. More than 80 percent of black mothers are the breadwinners in their households, tasked with raising our future generations with just scarcely enough to pay for essentials while earning a fraction of what other segments of the population earn. 
Black women are also sorely underrepresented in one the fastest growing and highest paying career fields in America—engineering. Black women make up less than 1 percent of American engineers. Science, technology, engineering, and mathematics are fields that black women are being excluded from through cultural exclusion, lack of role models, and pay inequities. STEM fields offer incredible opportunities for the African American community, and we must do more to ensure that we encourage more women of color to pursue these opportunities. Mr. Speaker, America needs black women to fulfill the roles as chemists, engineers, physicists, and engineers. Black women have and continue to engineer solutions to many of the problems we face in the 21st Century. The coming age presents unique technological challenges that must be met with unique perspectives capable of grand problem solving. Supporting funding for STEM after school programs, workshops, and boot camps is an investment in the future faces of computer science, engineering, and the continued leadership of the black woman. Historically, when the Black woman succeeds, our nation succeeds. This year, let us do more for black women in America so that they can continue to do more for our country. 
b2115 FBI INVESTIGATIONS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, with so much going on these days in the way of investigations, we still have Robert Mueller, special counsel—of course, he was supposed to look into potential illegal collusion between President Trump and Russia, and it has morphed into basically whatever he wants to pursue. It is kind of like the investigation that James Comey as the Deputy Attorney General recommended that the thenAttorney General John Ashcroft should recuse himself, which he followed that advice, and then Mr. Comey was able to appoint his very dear friend and his child’s godfather, Patrick Fitzgerald, to be the special attorney. Special attorney, special counsel, and Mr. Comey apparently knew at the time the investigation began that the person who leaked Valerie Plame’s identity as CIA agent was named Richard Armitage, somebody they did not want to go after even though it was supposed to have been a crime. But they weren’t interested in the crime. They were interested in nailing a person or persons. And it really appears that is not only what Patrick Fitzgerald did. He wanted somebody’s hide, and apparently it was Dick Cheney’s. He might have settled for Karl Rove. Apparently, the offer was made more than once. It was reported that Fitzgerald was offering Scooter Libby. If you can just give me anything that will convict Vice President Cheney, then we will make sure you don’t have anything to worry about. But Scooter Libby was not going to lie to get himself out from under the gun, and as was reported, a witness against him, Judy Miller, later believed, when she found some notes, whoops, Libby had not lied as she apparently thought. Apparently, he was innocent, just as he had contended and, apparently, would have walked away without any problems, without the full force of the Federal Government going after him if he had just given him anything—that is Comey’s child’s godfather—given him anything that would have allowed him to convict Vice President Cheney. It appears Mueller’s investigation now has ceased looking for a crime involving Trump and Russia and is focused on just finding something—kind of like the effort that Comey’s buddy— if it is Comey’s buddy, since we are told that Comey and Mueller are basically joined at the hip, then it must have been Mueller’s friend, too. But they wanted Vice President Cheney, and when Scooter Libby wouldn’t lie and do that, well, they convicted him of lying when, apparently, he did not lie. He was innocent. You can go back and find these type of things in Robert Mueller’s wake, whether it was as the assistant U.S. attorney in charge of criminal investigations in Boston when they were found later to have had people who worked for Mueller who were in bed with Whitey Bulger, the mob leader, and Mueller kept insisting that these four people who were framed by FBI agents should remain in prison and not be paroled. Two of them died in prison. There was ultimately a settlement, but Mueller couldn’t be bothered with a settlement because of the actions of the people who worked for him. Just like he went after Dr. Hatfill, claiming that he was the anthrax killer, and some say that was the highest profile case this FBI Director had handled. Others would say it was the prosecution and conviction of Ted Stevens, U.S. Senator, which we later found out was a frameup. The FBI is reported to have hidden evidence that completely exonerated him and manufactured evidence. After that came to light, his conviction, all of the case was dropped, as it should have been, well before it was ever even pursued. But they got the intended result. The trial, a week or so before his election, he was convicted and, therefore, lost the election. Kind of like what Mueller, as FBI Director, had his FBI do to Curt Weldon whom I saw stand at this podium numerous times and talk about the FBI had some information before 9/11 that showed that they could have stopped it, something like that. But he just kept beating up on the FBI. I didn’t have any idea whether what Curt Weldon was talking about was true or not, but I do know that just a few weeks before his reelection, after he had been easily reelected a number of times and after he was shown to have a decent lead over a very good Democratic opponent, 3 weeks before the election, the FBI stormed his daughter’s office, and Mueller’s FBI had leaked the information, apparently, because the place was covered up with reporters of all kinds so that they could document the raid on Curt Weldon’s daughter’s office. Shortly thereafter, protesters with signs showed up at Curt’s office, claiming that he had been caught redhanded, and the implications were clear from the FBI that Curt Weldon was guilty of something, and that brought about his defeat by about 2 percent. As I understand it, the year after that raid on the Weldons, the FBI contacted Curt Weldon’s daughter and said: You need to come pick up all this stuff up. There was never a grand jury that we know of. There was no indictment. There was no real investigation. Mueller’s FBI got tired of Curt Weldon making allegations from this podium I am standing at now, and they silenced him as a Representative. There is much more, but we find out, and there is an article in the American Thinker by Daniel John Sobieski, and it talks about Uranium One. It says: ‘‘Back in July, I called for a criminal investigation into Hillary Clinton’s collusion with Russia to turn over control of 20 percent of our uranium supplies to Russian interests in return for some $145 million in donation to the Clinton Foundation. Now it turns out that there was one, an FBI investigation dating back to 2009, with current Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein and Special Prosecutor Robert Mueller up to their eyeballs in covering up evidence of Hillary’s collusion, bordering on treason, with a Vladimir Putin’s Russia.’’ ‘‘Before the Obama administration approved a controversial deal in 2010 giving Moscow control of a large swath of American uranium, the FBI had gathered substantial evidence that Russian nuclear industry officials were engaged in bribery, kickbacks, extortion, and money laundering designed to grow Vladimir Putin’s,’’ says a report by the Hill. John Solomon, Alison Spann of the Hill, said this: ‘‘Federal agents used a confidential U.S. witness working inside the Russian nuclear industry to gather extensive financial records, make secret recordings, and intercept emails as early as 2009 that showed Moscow had compromised an American uranium trucking firm with bribes and kickbacks in violation of the Foreign Corrupt Practices Act, FBI and court documents show.’’ So from today’s report, we find out that the investigation was supervised by thenU.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein, who is now President Trump’s Deputy Attorney General, and thenAssistant FBI Director Andrew McCabe, who is 
now the Deputy FBI Director under President Trump. Robert Mueller was head of the FBI from 2001 through September 2013, until James Comey took over as FBI Director in 2013. They were both involved in this Russian scam being that this case started in 2009 and ended in 2015. Let me insert parenthetically, Mr. Speaker, I don’t know who recommended the U.S. attorney investigating Russian collusion with Hillary Clinton and with the trucking firm, with others here in the United States, but whoever recommended Rod Rosenstein to President Trump as Deputy Attorney General should be fired, whoever that was. They are not there to help President Trump. Further down, the article says: ‘‘Tuesday, on Fox Business Network, ‘Lou Dobbs Tonight,’ Breitbart editor at large and the author of ‘Clinton Cash,’ Peter Schweizer said there needs to be a Federal investigation into the Russian uranium deal thenSecretary of State Hillary Clinton’s State Department approved after the Clinton Foundation receiving $145 million from the shareholders of Uranium One. . . .’’ So it is rather interesting. The article goes on to point out that about the investigation into Hillary Clinton, and it points—it quotes from Schweizer, saying: ‘‘A lot of people don’t realize it now, in parts of the Midwest American soil is owned by Vladimir Putin’s government because this deal went through.’’ He goes on and makes some interesting observations. At the conclusion, he says: ‘‘Actually, we no longer need an investigation of Hillary Clinton and Uranium One. This FBI investigation in conjunction to what we already knew is prima facie evidence of criminal corruption and intentionally putting of American national security at risk for personal financial gain.’’ Then this article from Lee Smith, March 13, titled, ‘‘Robert Mueller’s Beltway CoverUp.’’ This points out that if the deep state here—and it does cross party lines. They wanted somebody to effectively cover up all of the leaks, each one of which is a crime punishable by time in prison. If the deep state here in Washington wanted somebody who could protect all of these criminals who are working in intelligence, or FBI, that regularly leak information to hurt people who threaten their power here in Washington, then they could not have a better person as special counsel than Robert Mueller, as overseen by Rod Rosenstein. It points out that ‘‘Mueller took his job not at the behest of the man who by all accounts he is likely to professionally and personally disdain, Donald Trump, but of the bluechip Beltway elite of which he is a charter member. Deputy Attorney General Rod Rosenstein appointed him nearly a year ago to lead an investigation without parameters. That’s because Mueller’s job is to obscure the abuses of the U.S. surveillance apparatus that occurred under the Obama administration. ‘‘The fact that someone at the level of former FBI Director was called in to sweep up the mess left by bad actors in the Bureau and Central Intelligence Agency and other parts of the intelligence bureaucracy suggests that the problems are even worse than previously thought. And that means the constituency from Mueller’s political intervention is enormous.’’ Mueller is said to believe that the Eric Prince meeting, the reference back in January of 2017 with the Russian banker—that would be well after the election, obviously—was to set up a back channel with the Kremlin. b2130 But that makes no sense. According to the foundational text of the collusion narrative, the dossier allegedly written by former British spy Christopher Steele, the Kremlin had cultivated Trump himself for years. So what is the purpose of a back channel when, supposedly, Vladimir Putin already had a key to the front door of MaraLago? Further, the collusion thesis holds that the Trump circle teamed with highlevel Russian officials for the purpose of winning the 2016 election. How does a meeting that Erik Prince had a week before Trump’s inauguration advance the crooked election victory plot? It doesn’t. It contradicts it. Erik Prince may well be involved with questionable practices that would make people’s blood run cold—and he talks some about Erik Prince—but the idea that whenever anyone who supported Trump, or even voted for him, met with a Russian national, the dish on the menu was treason is the stuff of Cold War ‘‘B’’ movies. But it is also evidence of something more than prosecutorial overreach. The fact that Mueller has zeroed in on Prince points to a key motive behind his ongoing investigation. And he talks about Prince was thrown into the middle of Russiagate after an April 3, 2017, Washington Post story reported his meeting with the Russian banker. But how did anyone know about the meeting? After the story came out, Prince said he was shown specific evidence by sources from the intelligence community that the information was swept up in the collection of electronic communications and his identity was unmasked. The U.S. official or officials who gave his name to the The Washington Post broke the law when they leaked classified information. Then on further it says Mueller presumably knows whether Prince’s name was indeed unmasked and then leaked to the press, and that the leak was a crime. Mueller certainly knows that most of the case he has regarding Russian interference in the 2016 election was built by abuses of the foreign intelligence surveillance apparatus and other related crimes that are punishable with jail time. The identity of Trump’s shortterm National Security Advisor, Michael Flynn, was swept up and leaked to the press in the same way as Prince’s. It was leaked to the same newspaper, The Washington Post. As I explained last week, the identity of Attorney General Jeff Sessions was also unmasked from an intelligence intercept and leaked to The Washington Post. The fact that the FBI had secured a Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act warrant on Carter Page was also leaked to The Washington Post. The warrant on Carter Page was secured on the basis of findings in the Christopher Steele dossier, an unverified piece of opposition research paid for by the Clinton campaign and Democratic National Committee. As Director of the FBI during the post9/11 period, when foreign intelligence surveillance and its abuses made regular, frontpage headlines, Mueller knows exactly how the system can be abused and what the penalties are. He also recognizes that Russiagate is evidence of how it was abused and who abused it, including some of the same people he worked with during his 12year tenure as FBI Director. The purpose of the Mueller inquiry is, therefore, not to investigate the most ludicrously seeming charges in the Christopher Steele dossier, but to protect the institution of the FBI, former colleagues, as well as the National Security Surveillance System. Therefore, the inquiry has to cover up the sinful origins of the collusion narrative itself, which was borne in repeated abuses of power and subsequent crimes committed by U.S. officials in the intelligence bureaucracy and the Obama administration. So, Mr. Speaker, regardless of what anybody thinks of President Donald Trump—and I know there are some Republicans who are unhappy that he was elected President and want him gone at all costs. And I know that most of the Democrats I know, it just grieves them to no end that he was elected; they want him gone at all costs. But at some point Members of Congress in the House and Senate have got to wake up to the fact that we have crimes being committed in the FBI and in our intelligence apparatus. There are people who are being paid with government checks who are out to destroy people who disagree with their power grabs and their crimes. This article points out Mueller’s investigation has got to drag on as long as necessary to prevent any of the people who have committed the crimes of leaking and other crimes—leaking, lying, perjury, obstructing justice, trying to create an insurance policy to take out a sitting President of the United States. It is time we wake up. When elected officials in this city have to fear for their political lives by 
people who they have given power in the FBI, DOJ, CIA, NSA, then the system is broken. It is out of control. And it is how you lose a democratic republic like we have, or like we used to have. It is time to get it under control. Mueller is not the answer. He is the problem. He is the poster child for the problem that he has created during his entire tenure. And if he had any decency, he would have never accepted this special prosecution on anything involving Russia because he had been involved in that investigation and because he remained silent or perhaps spoke up to keep it hushhush. But he and Rosenstein both, they should have stopped the sale of 20 percent of our uranium to a national enemy. Apparently the Obama administration was so intent on that reset because they felt like, you know, George W. Bush just overreacted; all Putin did was invade Georgia, one country invading another smaller, weaker country. They felt like Bush overreacted and said: You shouldn’t be doing this; put some sanctions in place. So they wanted to show: We are just fine with you invading adjoining countries. Maybe even those that don’t adjoin. But, sure, at least adjoining countries. Whether they knew it or not, they gave the green light to Putin to invade Crimea, to invade Ukraine. And they gave the green light—they had to know this, because it was part of what they did—to the sale of 20 percent of our uranium to a country that most recently had its dictatorial leader bragging that he had missiles that he could put those nukes on that the United States couldn’t stop. And those nukes can be tipped—at least 20 percent of them—with what Hillary Clinton, Mueller, Rosenstein had to be complicit in giving them, in letting them have. This is serious stuff. But until the leakers and the abusers of our intelligence system are brought to justice, then nobody who believes in representative government is safe. We end up like China, like Russia, where you are scared to death of the people behind the scenes, behind the government, or even the dictatorial leader because you know they made you and they can destroy you. And when the free press is not free, they are complicit in the assisting of the committing of crimes by gladly accepting the leaks, publishing them to complete the crime, we are in big trouble. So I would say, if Mueller had any decency, he would just resign. And he doesn’t even have to explain how wrong it was for him to accept the appointment. I had hoped that the damage he did to the FBI would have come to an end when his 10 years were up. But, oh, no. President Obama was so thrilled with the things he was doing, he extended his term 2 years and pushed it through Congress. People wouldn’t listen to me when I said: Oh, no, this is not a guy you want for 2 more years. He has done enough damage. And any Republican who says, ‘‘Oh, he will be fair,’’ is either desperately wanting President Trump gone or is intentionally ignoring the facts of Mueller’s background from the days as the assistant U.S. attorney in charge of crime in Boston, up through the present. There are a lot of innocent people who lie in his wake. Some of them got multimilliondollar settlements for the damage Mueller did to them, but most didn’t even get an apology. Mueller couldn’t be bothered with how many millions were paid out in Boston because of what he oversaw. He couldn’t be bothered with the $5.8 million that was paid to Hatfill because the FBI, under Mueller, and under his direction, apparently—from what the article said, he took direct oversight over the Hatfill investigation, assuring, when there was no evidence that he committed any wrong, that he was still the one. It is time that Mueller’s investigation come to an end. I think Lee Smith had it right. I think the article by Daniel John Sobieski had things right. We have already had an investigation of Russian collusion, and it was done by U.S. Attorney Rod Rosenstein and FBI Director Robert Mueller, and they shut her down, shut up the information so the Clinton Foundation could be the beneficiary. And goodness’ sake, they were bigtime beneficiaries. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. POEof Texas (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today on account of personal reasons. Mr. JONES (at the request of Mr. MCCARTHY ) for today and the balance of the week on account of the need to be with his wife of 51 years, who is undergoing surgery, and to care for her during the initial stages of her recovery. Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today and March 20. 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on March 15, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States, for his approval, the following bill. 
H.R. 1177. To direct the Secretary of Agriculture to release on behalf of the United States the condition that certain lands conveyed to the City of Old Town, Maine, be used for a municipal airport, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 44 minutes p.m.), under its previous order and pursuant to House Resolution 788, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, March 20, 2018, at 10 a.m., for morninghour debate, as a further mark of respect to the memory of the late Honorable LOUISE MCINTOSH  SLAUGHTER . 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. M CCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 5131. A bill to improve the effectiveness of Federal efforts to identify and address homeland security risks to surface transportation, secure against vehiclebased attacks, and conduct a feasibility assessment of introducing new security technologies and measures, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–602). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 5099. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish in the Department of Homeland Security a fusion center technical assistance program (Rept. 115–603). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 5089. A bill to improve threat information sharing, integrated operations, and law enforcement training for transportation security, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–604). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 4176. A bill to strengthen air cargo security, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–605). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 5079. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to require the Department of Homeland Security to develop an engagement strategy with fusion centers, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–606). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 5074. A bill to authorize cyber incident response teams at the Department of Homeland Security, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–607). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 4467. A bill to require the Federal Air Marshal Service to utilize riskbased strategies, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–608). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 4227. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to examine what actions the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to combat the threat of vehicular terrorism, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–609). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 5094. A bill to direct the Secretary of Homeland Security to improve suspicious activity reporting to prevent acts of terrorism, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–610). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. MCCAUL: Committee on Homeland Security. H.R. 5081. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to establish within the Transportation Security Administration the Surface Transportation Security Advisory Committee, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–611). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 4851. A bill to establish the KennedyKing National Historic Site in the State of Indiana, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–612). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BURGESS: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 787. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 4566) to amend the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to provide relief to nonbanks from certain stress test requirements under such Act; providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5247) to authorize the use of eligible investigational drugs by eligible patients who have been diagnosed with a stage of a disease or condition in which there is reasonable likelihood that death will occur within a matter of months, or with another eligible illness, and for other purposes; and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 613). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 5323. A bill to amend the DoddFrank Wall Street Reform and Consumer Protection Act to establish an exemption from the credit valuation adjustment calculation for uncleared derivatives transactions with end users so that United States companies are not disadvantaged, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 5324. A bill to improve school safety and mental health services, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 5325. A bill to amend title 40, United States Code, to reauthorize regional economic and infrastructure development programs; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committee on Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself and Mr. HUNTER ): H.R. 5326. A bill to amend titles 14 and 46, United States Code, to make technical corrections with respect to Coast Guard and shipping authorities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. GUTHRIE (for himself, Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. B UCSHON , and Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico): H.R. 5327. A bill to amend title V of the Public Health Service Act to establish a 
grant program to create comprehensive opioid recovery centers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 5328. A bill to authorize the return of surplus property, including Federal land, to the government of Guam, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana (for herself, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. B ARTON , and Ms. DEGETTE ): H.R. 5329. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize and enhance the poison center national tollfree number, national media campaign, and grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 5330. A bill to provide for the imposition of sanctions on persons who are officials of the Government of Iran or persons acting on behalf of that Government who are responsible for or complicit in human rights abuses committed against citizens of the United States or United States legal permanent resident aliens; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, Ways and Means, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 5331. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide for additional disclosure requirements with respect to content from registered foreign agents; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. GROTHMAN (for himself and Mrs. HANDEL ): H.R. 5332. A bill to improve school safety; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LATTA (for himself, Mr. BURGESS, Mr. G ENEGREEN of Texas, Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. G UTHRIE , and Mrs. D INGELL ): H.R. 5333. A bill to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to clarify the regulatory framework with respect to certain nonprescription drugs that are marketed without an approved new drug application, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MOULTON (for himself and Ms. TSONGAS ): H.R. 5334. A bill to repeal the funding authorization sunset and the total funding cap for the Essex National Heritage Area; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Mr. GOODLATTE , and Mr. N ADLER): H.R. 5335. A bill to make technical amendments to update statutory references to provisions reclassified to title 34, United States Code; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. TONKO: H. Res. 788. A resolution expressing the profound sorrow of the House of Representatives on the death of the Honorable Louise McIntosh Slaughter; considered and agreed to. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself and Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota): H. Res. 789. A resolution expressing support for designation of April 2018 as ‘‘Second Chance Month’’; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. NOEM: H. Res. 790. A resolution providing for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2193), a bill to grant States authority to enforce State and local sales and use tax laws on remote transactions, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Rules. f MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
169. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Maine, relative to H.P. 1279 Joint Resolution, memorializing the President of the United States and the United States Congress to exclude the State of Maine from offshore oil and gas drilling and exploration activities; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. 170. Also, a memorial of the House of Representatives of the State of Michigan, relative to House Resolution No. 222, to express support for the Thunder Bay National Marine Sanctuary and oppose any reduction in its boundaries; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. 171. Also, a memorial of the Senate of the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, relative to a resolution memorializing the United States Department of the Interior to limit the proposed expansion of the National Outer Continental Shelf oil and gas leasing program and to protect the waters off the coasts of the Commonwealth and New England; which was referred to the Committee on Natural Resources. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 5323. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Subsection 3: to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the Several States, and with Indian Tribes By Mr. FERGUSON: H.R. 5324. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing powers, and all other power vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any Department of Officer thereof. By Ms. BROWNLEY of California: H.R. 5325. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 5326. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1, Clause 3, and Clause 18 of the Constitution. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 5327. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 5328. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2; Article I, Section 8, Clause 17; and Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: H.R. 5329. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution By Mr. CICILLINE: H.R. 5330. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 5331. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 5332. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 5333. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress shall have the Power . . .’’ to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. MOULTON: H.R. 5334. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 5335. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution. Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution confers on Congress the authority to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying into execution the powers vested by the Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. This legislation makes technical amendments to update statutory references to certain provisions classified to title 34, United States Code, as necessary to keep the title current and make technical corrections and improvements. Making revisions to the United States Code is a necessary role of Congress with respect to executing the powers vested by the Constitution in the government of the United States. f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 103: Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 299: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 504: Mr. SIRES. H.R. 548: Mr. REED. H.R. 686: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 741: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. H.R. 846: Mr. SHIMKUS and Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 881: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 942: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 1017: Mr. UPTON . H.R. 1054: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 1206: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 1267: Mr. CURTIS . H.R. 1279: Mr. BILIRAKIS . 
H.R. 1375: Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 1444: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 1530: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 1556: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 1596: Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida and Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 1606: Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 1661: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York and Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 1817: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 1820: Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, and Mr. GAETZ . H.R. 1828: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 1861: Mr. WOMACK , Ms. M CSALLY , Mr. MOONEY of West Virginia, Mr. R OGERS of Kentucky, Mr. BUCHANAN , Mr. L AHOOD, Mr. BARTON , Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. N UNES , Mr. DENHAM , Mr. H ILL, and Mr. B ABIN. H.R. 1884: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 1904: Mr. AMODEI . H.R. 1928: Ms. BROWNLEY of California and Ms. BASS. H.R. 1953: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 2055: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2147: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2242: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2276: Mr. GARRETT . H.R. 2439: Ms. NORTON and Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi. H.R. 2556: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 2583: Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. JACKSON LEE, and Mr. K HANNA . H.R. 2584: Mr. BISHOP of Utah and Ms. K APTUR. H.R. 2599: Mr. LONG. H.R. 2851: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 2856: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 3207: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. V ARGAS , Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. P ETERS , and Ms. J AYAPAL . H.R. 3301: Mr. BUCK, Mr. S OTO, and Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 3330: Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 3349: Mr. GOTTHEIMER and Mr. H IGGINS  of New York. H.R. 3520: Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York. H.R. 3545: Mr. BANKS of Indiana and Mr. FARENTHOLD . H.R. 3577: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 3605: Mr. POEof Texas and Mr. Y OUNG  of Alaska. H.R. 3635: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 3642: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 3654: Mr. VELA, Mr. V ARGAS , Miss R ICE of New York, Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. S ARBANES , Mr. QUIGLEY , and Mr. T HOMPSON of California. H.R. 3666: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 3692: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 3847: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 3883: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 3962: Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mr. COHEN , and Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H.R. 3988: Mr. ROGERS of Alabama. H.R. 3999: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 4024: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4052: Mr. HECK. H.R. 4067: Mr. ROYCE of California. H.R. 4099: Mr. MCEACHIN . H.R. 4143: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 4215: Mr. KHANNA and Mr. E MMER . H.R. 4227: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 4229: Mr. MCEACHIN . H.R. 4241: Mr. PAYNE , Mr. D OGGETT , Ms. CASTOR of Florida, and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 4265: Mr. LOUDERMILK , Mr. W OODALL , and Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 4267: Mr. FITZPATRICK and Mr. H ECK. H.R. 4392: Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 4471: Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. B ILIRAKIS , and Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 4548: Ms. MENGand Mr. S EANPATRICK  MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4575: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 4649: Mr. TONKO . H.R. 4659: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 4673: Mrs. WAGNER and Mr. K ILMER . H.R. 4677: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 4706: Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. H.R. 4775: Mr. LOWENTHAL and Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia. H.R. 4800: Mr. COSTA and Mr. N OLAN . H.R. 4846: Mr. WALZand Mr. L OBIONDO . H.R. 4851: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 4886: Mr. PEARCE . H.R. 4915: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama, Mr. COOK, Mr. R OGERS of Alabama, Mr. S MITH of Missouri, and Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 4922: Mr. DUFFY . H.R. 4949: Mr. HECK. H.R. 5004: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5012: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida and Mr. BUDD. H.R. 5041: Mr. ROUZER . H.R. 5065: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 5097: Mr. DAVIDSON . H.R. 5102: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5124: Ms. TENNEY . H.R. 5139: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 5153: Mr. HUIZENGA . H.R. 5161: Mr. CICILLINE and Mr. R ASKIN . H.R. 5164: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 5180: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5199: Mr. NORMAN , Mr. W ENSTRUP , Mr. GOHMERT , and Mr. R OUZER . H.R. 5210: Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. HURD. H.R. 5218: Ms. NORTON and Mr. D UNCAN of Tennessee. H.R. 5247: Mr. ROKITA and Mr. N EWHOUSE . H.R. 5264: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 5272: Mr. WENSTRUP . H.R. 5275: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama and Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 5283: Mr. GOODLATTE and Mr. N ADLER . H.R. 5292: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 5315: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 5321: Mr. NORMAN . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. H. Con. Res. 70: Mr. KHANNA . H. Con. Res. 105: Mr. CONAWAY , Mr. C ALVERT , and Mr. K HANNA . H. Res. 69: Mr. BARR. H. Res. 282: Mr. CARBAJAL . H. Res. 318: Mr. NORCROSS . H. Res. 370: Mr. SCHNEIDER . H. Res. 403: Ms. JAYAPAL . H. Res. 570: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H. Res. 763: Mr. COFFMAN . H. Res. 768: Mr. TAKANO . H. Res. 772: Mr. GROTHMAN . H. Res. 775: Mr. POSEY . H. Res. 777: Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Penn sylvania, Mr. LYNCH , Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. HASTINGS , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. T HOMAS J. ROONEY of Florida, Ms. M OORE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. CICILLINE , and Mr. M EEKS . H. Res. 781: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H. Res. 786: Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G ALLAGHER , Ms. MCCOLLUM , Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali fornia, Mr. COHEN , Mr. C ICILLINE , Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. E NGEL , and Ms. K APTUR . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. WALDEN  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 5247 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. The amendment to be offered by Representative WATERS (CA) or a designee to H.R. 4566, the Alleviating Stress Test Burden to Help Investors Act, does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
89. The SPEAKER presented a petition of city Council of Akron, OH, relative to Resolution No. 642018, calling on the Ohio General Assembly to enact a ban on the sale of assaultstyle weapons, ammunition magazines in excess of ten rounds, and modifications that simulate automated fire such as bump stocks and trigger cranks; and declaring an emergency; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S1773 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, MARCH 19, 2018 No. 47 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by 