Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, a few years ago, Massachusetts was bracing for a brutal blizzard bringing extreme lifethreatening cold. Families were bundling up; schools canceled class; first responders prepared for a long, long night of calls. And one woman, Sue Smith, was opening the doors to Faith Alliance Church in Attleboro to welcome the city’s homeless population into her warm embrace. It was an extraordinary act of compassion and community service. But for Sue, it wasn’t. It was just one more day of fiercely protecting her neighbors, one more night of caring for the most vulnerable among us, one more family given a roof over their heads, one more life saved from hypothermia. A few months after that snowy, freezing night, I was humbled to invite Sue to be my guest to the State of the Union Address. Sue has never asked for recognition or praise, but few are more deserving than she is. She has never asked for a helping hand when facing her own personal battles. But this week, I learned that Sue has been diagnosed with pancreatic cancer. And although I know she would never ask her neighbors to return her immense gratitude, we do have a message for her. Sue, we are by your side in your fight. We know this cancer won’t stop you or even slow you, but we are here with you for whatever you need. Thank you for being our better angel. f 
PROMOTING COMPUTER SCIENCE AT DUBOIS AREA MIDDLE SCHOOL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, Monday marked the last day of school for students at the DuBois Area Middle School. It was a last day like probably none other. In addition to celebrating the long awaited start of summer vacation, the sixth grade students finished off their school year with a special visit from Silicon Valley. Representatives from Google traveled to Clearfield County, Pennsylvania, to deliver a CS First Roadshow, a computer science education presentation. Google specifically developed this event for fourth through eighth graders. b1015 Two Google employees delivered the hourlong presentation which focused on teaching students both problem solving and technical coding skills through a series of interactive activities. They encouraged kids to develop an interest in computer science education by giving reallife examples of how coding and STEM education can lead to educational opportunities and exciting careers. Mr. Speaker, the presentation was incredible, and it was clear that the students truly enjoyed it. These are the kinds of skills that students everywhere need to be exposed to at a young age to get them interested in the STEM fields. I was excited to kick off this event at DuBois Area Middle School. I told the students that technology is constantly changing, and America needs the next generation of computer scientists ready for any opportunities that might come our way. We need more people in this world who can help build the future or invent 
the next big thing. That is why it is extremely important for our students to learn about computer science at an early age. The CS Roadshow helped kids build their own fun stories using Scratch, which is an introductory coding tool. Our students today are exposed to technology at such an early age, but don’t necessarily get to learn about why computer science should be an important part of their lives, both now and in the future. The CS First Roadshow teaches students about the importance of STEM education and uses interactive activities to teach them coding basics. Hopefully, this experience instilled a newfound passion for computer science in these students, and I think it did just that. I could tell from the joy on their faces and the fun that they were having with their partners that they truly were beginning a journey with computer science. Mr. Speaker, currently there are more than 500,000 open computing jobs in the United States. In Pennsylvania alone there are more than 17,800 open computing jobs—that is 3.4 times the State average demand rate—and only 2,969 computer science graduates. By the year 2020, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics predicts there will be 1 million more computer science jobs than graduating students who qualify for the jobs. And only 10 percent of K– 12 schools in the United States offer computer science classes, which is a statistic that we must improve. I look forward to checking back in with the DuBois Area Middle School at the start of the next school year to see how it can expand upon and grow more of an interest in computer science programs for our young learners. After all, they are our future. 
THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION’S APPROACH TO TRADE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the administration’s approach to trade and the pain that we are already feeling due to the shortsighted and poorlyconsidered decisions that have been made. Since the administration announced its plans in March to use wideranging tariffs to address trade imbalances, I have been warning the President and the Nation that this is a wrongheaded approach. So many of my colleagues from both sides of the aisle, I believe, agree. We all want to see American jobs secure and increase opportunities for our economy; that is without doubt. But raising broadlydefined tariffs will do, I believe, just the opposite. We all know, or at least most of us know, that the most likely effect of raising tariffs will be other countries adjusting their trade measures to protect their economies and their industries and their workers. Let’s realize that, in the global economy that we live in today, most countries have leverage. I hope the President realizes this. And what happens as a result? We have a trade war. That is where we are going, and I have been saying since March, no one, Mr. Speaker, no one wins in a trade war; which is why both Republicans and Democrats have publicly expressed grave concerns with the administration’s tariffbased approach to trade. But beyond the warnings and concerns, Mr. Speaker, we are now feeling the negative impacts of the administration’s approach. Without a doubt, our country is beginning to engage in these stages of a trade war. Tariffs, for example, on California agriculture products are already in place. Fortyfour percent of California’s agriculture economy, which is the number 1 agricultural State in the Nation, 44 percent of it is based upon international trade. Almonds, wine, pistachios, citrus, all face increased tariffs on exports to China, and that is just the start. It is also taking place in Mexico and Canada. I met with a California almond processor yesterday who told me that, as a result of these tariffs, the Chinese buyers are staying away from the table. He told me that this time of the year he usually has sold a significant portion of his harvest to Chinese buyers, but because of the uncertainty of these tariffs he hasn’t sold a single pound. Mr. Speaker, the retaliatory tariffs imposed in reaction to this administration’s steel and aluminum tariffs are already impacting the California agriculture economy, which, again, 44 percent of it is based upon international trade, and it is hurting our relationships with many of our allies in Europe, as well as our neighbors to the north and to the south. Yes, there are trade imbalances in the global market we live in, and we should address them. There is bipartisan agreement we should address them. But the way to address these trade imbalances is through successful renegotiation of NAFTA, negotiating trade agreements with our European and Pacific Rim allies. That is the way to deal with the trade imbalances. We cannot address trade imbalances or arrive at mutually beneficial agreements through trade wars, plain and simple. What’s more, the President and the Congress must work together on trade agreements. Based upon where we are today, it looks like it will require us in Congress to reassert our constitutional authority and responsibility to regulate international trade agreements. That is part of our job. This will take hard work, bipartisan negotiations, and serious policy deliberations which, in turn, requires that we overcome our partisan division and come together as America’s Congress. I call on my colleagues today to join me in real negotiations, in real bipartisan work, and in the type of policy deliberations that our Nation needs and that America deserves. We can do this and we must do this. Our country currently is being led by this administration into a very real trade war, but it is not too late to stop it, and it is Congress’ responsibility, frankly, to say, time out. Let’s sit down and work together with our allies in Europe, our neighbors to the north and to the south of us, and in the Pacific Rim, to do what is right, and that is to ensure that we protect American workers, American industries, American agriculture, and, yes, that we don’t engage in a trade war that will lead to no good end. We can fix this trade imbalance, and we should, and we must assert ourselves. f 
RECOGNIZING THE INCREDIBLE CAREER OF GLEN POST The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the incredible career of CenturyLink CEO, Glen Post. Glen is retiring after 42 years with the company. He spent 26 of these years as the CEO, a feat recognized recently by Fortune Magazine, as Glen is one of the longestserving CEOs in the Nation. CenturyLink has been an incredible growth company under Glen’s leadership, expanding from 3,000 employees to more than 65,000. It is now the third largest communications service provider in the United States, a cornerstone of his legacy. It is quite a story for a small, rural, familyowned telephone company that started up in the 1930s by Clarke Williams. The company’s original principles, fairness, honesty, integrity, commitment to excellence, faith, positive attitude, respect, and perseverance, have remained the guiding goals under Glen’s leadership. Like his company, Glen got his start in north Louisiana. He earned his bachelor’s degree and a master’s degree from Louisiana Tech University in Ruston, Louisiana. He received the Louisiana Tech College of Business Distinguished Alumni Award in 1991, the Louisiana Tech University Tower Medallion Award in 1997, and the DeGree Enterprises Lifetime Achievement Award in Business in 2003. In addition to his career achievements, he has provided invaluable advice to the United States Government as a member of the President’s National Security Telecommunications Advisory Committee. He has also chaired the Communications, Security, Reliability, and Interoperability Council in 2012 and 2013. As a native of Farmerville, Louisiana, Glen is a north Louisiana duck hunting, country boy at heart. CenturyLink now operates in 60 countries and sees revenues in the billions of dollars, yet, it remains 
headquartered in Monroe, Louisiana, not far from where Glen grew up as a boy. Maintaining the headquarters in north Louisiana is a testament to Glen’s commitment to his home and his State that he loves. By growing CenturyLink locally, Glen has provided incredible opportunities for Monroe and Louisiana. Having such a large company in our backyard recruits talent to our region, yields higher wages, and attracts other companies that provide complementary services within the communications industry which, in turn, produces even more jobs. We can build on the success of CenturyLink. Coupled with the innovative cyber initiatives at Louisiana Tech and Barksdale Air Force Base in Bossier City, Louisiana’s Interstate 20 corridor can help lead our Nation into the future as we continue to develop cuttingedge technologies. I want to thank Glen for his dedication to our region and his role in helping us grow. His career shows how far you can go with hard work, integrity, and commitment, and it is proof that you can achieve great things no matter where you come from. Today, I am proud to acknowledge the change that Glen Post and CenturyLink have brought to north Louisiana, and I wish Glen a very happy and relaxing retirement. It is welldeserved. 
THE TRUMP BUSINESS MODEL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GALLEGO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GALLEGO. Mr. Speaker, as you know, Members of this House disagree on a whole range of topics, but one rare point of bipartisan agreement concerns the ZTE Corporation. We have all heard complaints about the theft of trade secrets by ZTE and other major Chinese companies. We all know that when American companies are forced into licensing and disclosure agreements with Chinese Stateowned enterprises, American technology is as good as stolen. We have all sat through hearings and briefings on the significant threat that ZTE and its brother, Huawei, pose to our national security. That is why it is concerning that President Trump decided to let ZTE off the hook for secretly doing business with Iran and North Korea. Of course, this decision wasn’t the only one affecting international trade that the Trump administration has made in recent weeks. He is imposing tariffs on our allies in Europe, Canada, and Mexico. His Ambassador to Germany has disgraced himself in the capital of our biggest European partner. He continues to insult our best trading partners by labeling them as security threats. That is right, Mr. Speaker. Donald Trump is giving aid and comfort to ZTE, a known corporate enemy of America, while at the same time going out of his way to alienate our closest friends and allies around the world. But why? I am sure it is just a fluke that Trump is allowing ZTE to resume its purchases of U.S. technology immediately following China’s decision to award Ivanka Trump seven new Chinese trademarks. I am positive it is just a coincidence that Trump cut a deal with ZTE right away after various Chinese entities offered $1 billion in financing to a resort with ties to the Trump organization. Just a coincidence. There is nothing to see here, says the Trump administration. Don’t ask any questions. Don’t demand any information. Just look the other way. How did we get here, Mr. Speaker? Where is the Grand Old Party as Donald Trump erodes our alliances, makes nice with our enemies, and ignites a global trade war? We need to get to the bottom of whether there was a quid pro quo with China over ZTE, and we need to get to work on tough legislation to prevent China from illicitly acquiring American technology, especially technology with important defense applications and capabilities. Bipartisan bills for this purpose with broad support from both parties have already been introduced. The Republican leadership should immediately bring those bipartisan bills to the floor for debate and consideration. That is what the American people expect. They want this body to stand up to America’s adversaries and to stand up for America’s laws and values. b1030 They want us to reassert our power as a coequal branch of government. Trump is tearing down America’s alliances. We must preserve them. Trump is sucking up to dictators and repressive regimes all around the world. We must condemn them. More importantly, Trump and his cronies are using the Presidency to enrich themselves, and we must stop them. Let’s put an end to the Trump of business model: quid pro quo, pay to play, this for that. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to the day when my Republican friends are courageous enough to say out loud what many of them whisper here in these hallways: that coddling Chinese companies like ZTE is reckless, that attacking our allies is dangerous, that using high office for personal gain is flatout wrong. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
HONORING MARY PELLEGRINO The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize today a teacher in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who was recently honored for her service in the nonprofit sector in addition to the classroom. Mary Pellegrino, a special education teacher at Tohickon Middle School and a resident of Warrington, recently received the Pennsylvania State Education Association’s Human and Civil Rights Award for her service to our community. With her husband, Greg, she is the cofounder of the BennettStrong Foundation, which was named after her son, Bennett, who was born weighing a mere 1 pound 2 ounces in 2013. He was later diagnosed with hepatoblastoma, a form of liver cancer. Mr. Speaker, I am proud of the work of the BennettStrong Foundation, whose mission is to provide support to families of children born prematurely and facing complex medical issues. I would like to congratulate Mary Pellegrino on this welldeserved award, and I am proud to report Bennett’s cancer is in remission. Our entire team wish him all the best on the road to recovery. Lastly, I would like to thank Dolores McCracken, the president of the Pennsylvania State Education Association for all of her work in recognizing our community’s heroes. HONORING SERGEANT THELMA WILLIAMS  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a Doylestown resident and Army veteran, Sergeant Thelma Williams. This past Memorial Day, Thelma made her 25th and final appearance in the Doylestown Memorial Day Parade. Thelma answered the call to serve during World War II when she was 24 years old. Initially, she wanted to enlist in the Navy. Later, Thelma joined the Women’s Army Corps and finished her tenure in Japan, where she served under General Douglas MacArthur. It should come as no surprise that Thelma’s spirit remains as lively as ever, even as she approaches her 100th birthday this year. She hopes that children observing the parade will be inspired to serve our community as well. Mr. Speaker, Sergeant Thelma Williams has made immense contributions not just to Bucks County, but to our entire Nation. I commend Thelma for her heroism, and I encourage our constituents to aspire to her standards of excellence. 
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to bring attention to the issue of food insecurity in Bucks County, Pennsylvania. As public officials, it is incumbent upon all of us to increase access to food resources for all of our constituents. In our community, I applaud the United Way of Bucks County for their work in combating hunger. Later this month, nearly 600 volunteers will gather at Delaware Valley University for the sixth annual Bucks 
Knocks Out Hunger event. This year, volunteers plan on packing over 100,000 nonperishable meals for seniors and food pantries throughout Bucks County. I would also like to recognize other worthy organizations that are vital partners of Bucks Knocks Out Hunger, including Rolling Harvest Food Rescue, the Bucks County Opportunity Council, and the newest addition, Fresh Connect Bucks County, which will play a vital role in providing fresh fruits and vegetables to local families. Mr. Speaker, by working together, we can make sure that all of our children and our families in our communities can have access to the resources they need to succeed. 
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION FAMILY SEPARATION POLICY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to denounce and condemn the Trump administration’s heartless and inhumane policy of separating immigrant children from their mothers and their parents at our borders. Americans across the Nation are horrified by the actions undertaken to separate and punish children seeking safety and refuge here in the United States. This isn’t about politics. This is about basic humanity. This is not who we are as a people. Or I ask the President: Is it? Is this whom we have become? And let’s be honest about what is really happening. This administration is terrorizing children and persecuting families who are fleeing for their lives, families that are not sneaking into the United States but surrendering willingly, surrendering and seeking out border agents and asking for asylum, not committing a crime or an offense against the American people, simply asking for asylum, fearing for their lives and for the safety of their children. Is asking for asylum a criminal act? Since when has asking for asylum become a criminal act? It is not just against American values. It is against any principles of common decency. And the White House knows that what it is doing is wrong. White House Chief of Staff John Kelly said, in early May, that taking children away from their families ‘‘ . . . would be a tough deterrent.’’ Let me respond to that. Hurting children isn’t tough. It is an abomination, and it will create lifelong consequences for those children. It will also leave an indelible mark against us as a people. They fled violence and terror in hopes that America would protect them and give them a fair shot, and I can understand why they would think that. After World War II, when tens of millions of people fled their homes, the United States began helping to draft the Refugee Convention that created laws and policies to protect those fleeing from persecution. The foundation of that convention is not turning people away at the borders but, instead, giving them a full chance for an asylum claim. This started under then President Roosevelt and came into full force under thenPresident Harry Truman. Now, Donald Trump, Jeff Sessions, and Kirstjen Nielsen are running their policy into the ground. Who do they think they are to do this? Who are they to make children suffer? Who are they to punish children when their parents are simply trying to save their lives? For centuries, America has been a beacon for those fleeing violence and oppression and poverty. The symbol of our Nation that welcomed millions, the Statue of Liberty, has engraved on it Emma Lazarus’ famous poem: Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free. 
No one is more deserving of a chance to breathe free than a child and a family fleeing from violence. Agents of the U.S. Government should not be ripping 18monthold babies from the arms of their mothers. Instead, we should help to address the situation that led them to flee from their home in the first place. We should keep families together while their cases are considered for asylum, and we should immediately end this zerotolerance policy. So I strongly urge the Trump administration to immediately end this disgusting stain on America’s human rights record. I condemn this policy. Put an end to this heinous family separation policy. Stop taking babies from their mothers. This isn’t America. We are better than this. 
AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, America is winning again. Earlier this week marked the 500th day of the TrumpPence administration. Last Friday’s new jobs report by the Department of Labor was a reminder of just how positive these first 500 days of the Trump administration have been for America. This is not just good news; this is great news for all Americans. A New York Times headline proclaimed: ‘‘We Ran Out of Words to Describe How Good the Jobs Numbers Are.’’ According to CNBC, the headline was: ‘‘There are more jobs than people out of work, something the American economy has never experienced before.’’ The front page of the New York Post was more succinct. It said: ‘‘We’re in the Money.’’ Here are just a few snapshots: The national unemployment rate, down to just 3.8 percent, is now matching its lowest rate since 1969; More than 1 million new jobs have been created since President Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December; More than 3.4 million new jobs have been created since the President took office, including 322,000 new jobs in manufacturing; More than 6.6 million job openings now exist throughout the United States. This is an alltime high. In that same New York Post edition, let me read to you some stats that I think are just outstanding. Let’s look at unemployment in 2010 versus 2018, look at it by gender and by race. In 2010, 9.6 percent of men were on unemployment; in 2018, 3.5 percent. In 2010, 8.6 percent of women were unemployed; today, 3.3 percent. For Blacks, in 2010, 16.6 percent were unemployed; today, 5.9 percent are unemployed. Hispanics, in 2010, 12.9 percent were unemployed; today, 4.9 percent. For Asian Americans, in 2010, 8.6 percent were unemployed; today, 2.1 percent. By age, in the 16 to 19 category, in 2010, 26.2 percent were unemployed; today, in 2018, 12.8 percent. In the 20 to 24 range, in 2010, 17.2 percent were unemployed; today, 7.1 percent. In the 25 to 54 range, 8.9 percent in 2010 were unemployed; today, 3.1 percent. And if it is 55 and older that you are looking at, in 2010, 7.4 percent were unemployed; today, 2.8 percent. Wages for American workers have also steadily grown almost 3 percent over the past year, and they continue to climb. Furthermore, according to the IMD World Competitiveness Center’s 2018 ranking, the United States has already overtaken Hong Kong as the number one most competitive economy in the world, ‘‘ . . . thanks to faster economic growth and a supportive atmosphere for scientific and technological innovation.’’ According to the International Energy Agency, the United States will be the world’s largest oil producer by 2023. None of this good news was inevitable. None of our country’s economic momentum is accidental. Nothing about this historically strong economy and its benefits for every single American are guaranteed to be permanent. All of this great news was made possible by the conservative progrowth policies of this administration and this Congress: from lowering taxes to cutting red tape, to expanding energy production. As we embark on the next 500 days of this Presidency, the facts cannot be denied both at home and abroad: America is winning again. Mr. Speaker, I think that sometimes when you sit and listen to the talk on 
this floor, you would think that we are not all from a different universe; we are from different galaxies. b1045 One side paints America as all gloom and doom and how horrible it is. The other side talks about opportunity, talks about job growth, talks about economic growth, and talks about how America is winning again. I would ask my fellow Americans to remember this is the people’s floor. It does not belong to Republicans, and it does not belong to Democrats. It belongs to the American people. We are winning again as a country, as both Republicans, Democrats, and independents. We are winning, and we will continue to win. As I said earlier, nothing about this has been accidental, nothing about this has been casual, and none of this has happened by chance. It is progrowth policy that continues to make sure that America wins again for every single American. 
PEACEFUL PROTEST The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, once again, I am proud to rise and stand in the well of the House of Representatives. Mr. Speaker, I salute the flag, I sing the national anthem, and I believe in what the flag stands for: liberty and justice for all. But, Mr. Speaker, I find now that the flag is being used as a tool to suppress what it stands for: liberty and justice for all. Mr. Speaker, peaceful protest is how I arrived in the Congress of the United States of America. If not but for peaceful protest, I probably, most likely, and believe in the sincerest corners of my heart that I would not be in the Congress of the United States of America. Peaceful protest has brought about positive change in this country, but peaceful protest is now under assault from the highest office in the land: the Office of the President. Peaceful protest is under attack, and I rise today, Mr. Speaker, to defend peaceful protest. I rise especially to defend it as it relates to the flag because the flag stands for liberty and justice for all. Peaceful protest is about liberty and justice for all. So, Mr. Speaker, I would like to share a very shocking piece of information, perhaps not shocking to some, but it should shock our consciences. This piece of information was compiled by The Guardian and reported by Vox. The information is as follows: racial minorities make up 37.4 percent of the general population—some things bear repeating: 34.7 percent of the general population—and 62.7 percent of the unarmed people killed by police; 37.4 percent of the population, 62.7 percent of the people who are unarmed and killed by the police. Why wouldn’t we protest this? Why wouldn’t somebody decide that this is unacceptable and I will peacefully protest it? Why wouldn’t someone take a knee at a football game to protest this? Why would the President of the United States find reason to link that peaceful protest to disrespect for the flag when the flag stands for liberty and justice for all? That has to include these people who have been killed by the police. By the way, it doesn’t matter how great the economy is; their lives will not be brought back. It doesn’t matter how many jobs people have; those lives will never return. So being comfortable and being able to say ‘‘I have a great job’’ won’t bring back people who have lost their lives. Mr. Speaker, this is a sad commentary when the President of the United States brings peaceful protest into dispute as it relates to the flag. I believe that we have a duty and an obligation to protest wrong when we see it. It is as old as the Pilgrims landing at Plymouth Rock, it is as old as the Boston Tea Party, and it is as old as the farmers coming to Washington, D.C., in their tractors to protest. Peaceful protest is at the foundation of this Nation. And for us to allow the President to assault and attack peaceful protest by and through the flag, which stands for liberty and justice for all, is an insult to the country. So here is what I propose to do by way of standing against what the President seems to stand for. He has brought Mr. Kaepernick into disrepute; that is what the President would do. I plan to salute him. I will have a flag flown over the Capitol of the United States of America to salute him for his courage, for his willingness to suffer the slings and arrows that have been thrown at him by the highest office in the land to protect liberty and justice for all, which is what the flag stands for. 
SOUTH CAROLINA FREE MEDICAL CLINICS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to tell this body about a tremendous success story with healthcare in my district: the story of our free medical clinics and their membership in and longtime association with the South Carolina Free Clinic Association. Founded in 2001 under the umbrella of the South Carolina Hospital Association, the South Carolina Free Clinic Association is an independent, nonprofit membership organization that provides training, research, resource development, and advocacy to member free clinics. Additionally, the South Carolina Free Clinic Association was incorporated as an independent 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization in January of 2008. The South Carolina Free Clinic Association represents and supports our State’s network of 40 free clinics in 25 counties across South Carolina. The member free clinics provide comprehensive care to economically disadvantaged individuals all across our great State, including those individuals who are both uninsured and/or underinsured. The South Carolina Free Clinic Association is the only statewide organization that supports and advocates for South Carolina’s free clinic network and for the various and truly diverse populations they serve. South Carolina Free Clinic Association is improving the quality and access of healthcare to South Carolina’s medically underserved individuals and communities. The South Carolina Free Clinic Association does this by assisting their members to be valued and engaged partners in their communities’ systems of care. Through financial support from foundations, fundraisers, and individual donations and through the efficient use of donated supplies and volunteer provider services, South Carolina’s free clinics were responsible for the following activities and achievements in 2017: $108,839,801 total value of services provided; 363,369 prescriptions which were filled; 40,062 patients were treated; 4,442 volunteers; and 40 member clinics in 65 sites across South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, free clinics are truly vital, safety net healthcare organizations that utilize a volunteer and staff model to provide a range of healthcare services, which may include medical, dental, pharmacy, vision, and/or behavioral health services to economically disadvantaged individuals. Such clinics are 501(c)(3) taxexempt organizations or operate as a program component or affiliate of a 501(c)(3) organization. Entities that otherwise meet the above definition but charge a nominal or sliding fee to patients may still be considered free clinics provided essential services are delivered regardless of the patient’s ability to pay. Free clinics limit eligibility for their services to individuals who are uninsured, underinsured, and/or have limited access or no access to primary, specialty, or prescription healthcare. Every free clinic is unique. Each clinic has its own qualification guidelines. But they all serve lowincome and no income patients without health insurance who do not qualify for government assistance. In addition to general medical and prescription services, free clinics may offer such services as oral health, specialty services and referrals, lab testing, diagnostic procedures, and health education and prevention, as well as prescription medications. Free clinics are independent, communitybased, nonprofit organizations that rely on grants and donations from their communities for support. Clinics have a varied base of community support, which includes but is not limited 
to individuals, businesses, churches, foundations, and government. I would like to recognize and applaud the efforts of the South Carolina Free Clinic Association and its executive director, Virginia Ann Mullikin, for their support of more than 40,000 South Carolina families. 
SENATOR M CCAIN IS OWED AN APOLOGY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLEAVER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I am only able to raise my right arm to maybe 50 percent, sometimes not that much, but that is due to shoulder separations from playing football. JOHN MCCAINcannot raise his arms because he was tortured in Vietnam. I believe that it is just about sinful for Mr. MCCAIN, in his days of very serious illness, to have anyone in this country, particularly anyone in a position of significance, say things about him that cannot in any way bless him or encourage him but, in fact, denounce him through baseless attacks. Mr. Speaker, when I was elected, I promised my four children that I would never come to the well of this House and attack a human being or call them names. Unfortunately, things have changed in this country to the point now where that is a part of our daily way of doing the business of the greatest Nation God has ever allowed to exist. There is something wrong, Mr. Speaker, when the elected leaders of our country refuse to apologize. There is not a single parent watching the goingson in this Chamber who would tell their children: No matter what you do, no matter how awful you hurt another human being, you had better not apologize. We are setting examples for children and unborn children by what we do in this Chamber. How in the world can a person sleep at night who can hurt another individual and not apologize? I guess there are some things I will never apologize for. I will never apologize for never coming to the floor to attack a colleague. I will never apologize for respecting a person with whom I may disagree. I will never apologize for displaying disrespect for a member of the other party though their policies are separate and distinct from mine. I will never apologize for trying to get my point across without stabbing someone with it. I will never apologize for being sensitive to the pain and hurts of others. I will never apologize for being an apologist when I wrong someone. Silence is consent. And when I see this going on around this Chamber and I see it going on in other places in our government, I know that there are millions of people who believe that that is okay, that if it is done by someone in my party, it is okay. I have said to my family, I have said to our church, and I have said to my colleagues here: If the leaders of the Democratic Party, NANCY PELOSI or STENY HOYER , stand up and attack someone, particularly someone who is ill, I would come to the floor and condemn them. Right and wrong is not based on party; it is based on right and wrong. b1100 We are becoming a meanspirited nation. No one watching this will tell their children: I want you to watch what is going on in Washington and use what you see as an example of how to live. Mr. Speaker, Washington is dark right now. The people around this country who believe in light should let it shine. 
HONORING ATF AGENT SCOTT RAGSDALE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. RATCLIFFE ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RATCLIFFE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate and celebrate the life of ATF Senior Special Agent Scott Ragsdale from Fate, Texas, who tragically passed away on May 24, 2018, at just 41 years of age during an ATF training exercise. Agent Ragsdale is survived by his wife, Erin, and his two children, Aidan and Riley; his mother and father, Patti and Roy Ragsdale; his sister, Kelly Novikoff, her husband, Lee, and their two children; and many aunts, uncles, and cousins who loved him dearly and will miss him. Those who knew Agent Ragsdale best say that he will most be remembered for his incredible sense of humor and, of course, for his 17 years of dedicated service to his fellow man. He will be greatly missed in our northeast Texas community for his brave and selfless service as a member of our law enforcement. On behalf of the threequarters of a million Texans whom I represent across the Fourth Congressional District of Texas, I offer my most sincere condolences to his family and loved ones. I wish you Godspeed, Special Agent Scott Ragsdale. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 2 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. PRAYER Pastor Eddie Bevill, Parkridge Church, Coral Springs, Florida, offered the following prayer: Heavenly Father, we come to You now in humility, acknowledging Your omniscience, omnipotence, and omnipresence. Please hear our prayer for this great Nation. The men and women in this room have been given, by some estimates, an impossible task, but nothing is impossible with You. I pray for their health, their families, their staffs, and their wisdom. Please give them Your grace and direction in all areas, so that they may be able to lead for the good of all people. Your word in Micah 6:8 is a great reminder: ‘‘He has told you, O man, what is good; and what does the Lord require of you but to do justice, and to love kindness, and to walk humbly with your God?’’ May this scripture be the marching orders for those who serve in this important position. May their decisions promote unity and harmony in the U.S. and the world. In the name of Jesus Christ, I pray. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Ms. PINGREE led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING PASTOR EDDIE BEVILL The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DEUTCH ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. DEUTCH. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to welcome my constituent, Pastor Eddie Bevill, to offer the opening prayer today. 
Eddie is the founding pastor of Parkridge Church in Coral Springs, Florida, where he has served since 1992. Pastor Bevill’s leadership and service has been recognized with tenures on the Florida Baptist State Board of Missions as well as the Gulf Stream Baptist Association Board in Broward County, Florida. He is a pillar of our community. I am honored to welcome him to Washington today. After the shooting at Stoneman Douglas High School, our community was gripped by unspeakable pain, confusion, frustration, and anger. In the moments, days, and months since, Pastor Bevill has offered a voice of peace, arms of comfort, and a guiding hand to surviving families, students, teachers, and others in our community. At a time when it was so easy to be lost in despair, our community has been so fortunate to have Pastor Bevill lead us toward a place of hope and solace. Pastor Bevill is joined here today by his wife Laura. They have been married since 1988 and have four children. I know that my wife Jill joins me in welcoming Laura today in support of Eddie as he offers today’s opening prayer. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to acknowledge the official start of the 2018 hurricane season and to promote American resiliency. The 2017 hurricane season brought with it 17 named storms, of which six were major hurricanes. These storms caused widespread destruction and devastation, and no individual or family should have to ever endure that again. As a resident of Staten Island, where the impact of Superstorm Sandy can still be felt, my district in New York City has also seen this kind of widespread destruction. Importantly, the Army Corps of Engineers is constructing a major seawall to protect my constituents from future storms. With the 2018 hurricane season now underway, we must ensure that we are as prepared as possible to protect ourselves, our loved ones, our homes, and our communities. This means doublechecking insurance policies; signing up for local alerts and warnings, as well as apps, like Notify NYC; and putting together emergency kits. For the 2018 season, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration is forecasting a 70 percent likelihood of 10 to 16 named storms, of which one to four could become major hurricanes. While we cannot control where these hurricanes will make landfall, we can control our resiliency. As chairman of the Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications, I hope that all Members will join me in promoting the importance of preparedness. f 
MEDICARE SOLVENCY (Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of America’s 50 million seniors who rely on Medicare. Medicare ensures Americans aged 65 and older have guaranteed health coverage, protecting countless families from bankruptcy, ensuring our seniors can enjoy retirement and pass on life’s lessons to their grandchildren and greatgrandchildren. The Medicare Board of Trustees announced on Tuesday the program’s trust fund will be exhausted by 2026, 3 years earlier than last year’s announcement. Eight years ago, Congress and the Obama administration worked together to extend Medicare solvency by 12 years when we passed the Affordable Care Act. Medicare’s solvency is now threatened by policy passed by the current Republican majority and enacted by President Trump. 2026 is 8 years away. We should be extending the life of Medicare, not threatening it. Mr. Speaker, this is not acceptable. America’s seniors deserve better. Congress should take action and protect the Medicare guarantee for today’s and tomorrow’s seniors. 
TAX CUTS CREATE JOBS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last month, I visited Dempsey Wood Products in Orangeburg, South Carolina, to get a firsthand look at the positive impacts of the tax cuts creating jobs. Owner Parker Dempsey explained that they were able to expand their business due to the tax cuts. Dempsey Wood Products will be able to launch a $15 million project, creating jobs. Mr. Dempsey explained that: ‘‘. . . we will have new equipment and the best technology. The plan is to get it up and going and start a second shift, and probably add another 40 jobs.’’ Since President Donald Trump took office, the economy has created nearly 
3 million jobs. The numbers of employed persons are the highest ever in the United States. The unemployment rate has fallen to 3.8 percent, matching the lowest level in 50 years. African American and Hispanic unemployment rates have reached record lows, and the unemployment rate for women has fallen to the lowest level since 1953. The National Federation of Independent Business, NFIB, small business optimism index is at one of the highest levels in 45 years. I appreciate the leadership of NFIB Director Ben Homeyer. In conclusion, God bless our troops and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
WASTEWATER INFRASTRUCTURE AND WRDA (Ms. SEWELL of Alabama asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss a crisis facing rural America: the deterioration of water and wastewater infrastructure in our rural communities. As the House considers passage of the Water Resources Development Act, WRDA, millions of Americans in my district and across the country are facing a health and infrastructure emergency due to failing wastewater systems. In Alabama’s rural Black Belt, I have toured communities where a home’s only sewage system is a straight pipe that carries untreated waste directly into their yards and property. Alabama is not alone in this issue. Reports by the EPA document that the same lack of wastewater infrastructure is all across rural America where rural and remote areas are not connected to a city or county water and sewer line. Mr. Speaker, I introduced the bipartisan Rural Septic Tank Access Act with my Alabama Republican colleague, Congressman MIKE ROGERS , which takes a first step towards providing rural Americans with the resources they need to maintain stable, safe, and efficient water systems. As the House continues to debate infrastructure investment, I urge this body to address the wastewater crisis facing our rural communities. 
NATIONAL DEBT IS A SECURITY THREAT (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, last September, America’s national debt topped $20 trillion for the first time in history. Almost 3 months ago, the debt exceeded $21 trillion, and we have an annual structural deficit in the hundreds of billions of dollars. Mr. Speaker, the United States faces no greater menace than our inability to eliminate our debt and balance our budget. Our grandchildren will pay the price for our dereliction of duty and our seniors will soon see Social Security and Medicare funds depleted. This internal, bipartisan recklessness endangers all Americans. It is past time for us to become serious about balancing our budget and making significant cuts to Federal spending. If we do not change our course, we will one day see the crash of the American economy and the demise of a super power. Mr. Speaker, let’s change our course before our debt reaches $22 trillion. The time for conversation is over. The time to act is now. f 
H.R. 8 WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT ACT AND MAINE (Ms. PINGREE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the House passed H.R. 8, the Water Resources Development Act, which I proudly voted for. I want to lend my voice in support of this bill and its importance to the State of Maine, which has critical ports and harbors up and down our coastline. In particular, I want to call attention to a previously authorized WRDA program in Saco, Maine, known as Camp Ellis. This project is considered remediation from a jetty that was built in the late 1800s by the Army Corps of Engineers. The jetty has caused erosion and receding coastline that year by year and storm by storm has already washed out the ground from nearly 40 homes in the past 50 years. The Army Corps and local community have been working for years on getting this project off the ground, and we are finally seeing some progress. In the past year, there has been new energy around this, and I want to commend all the parties for their persistence and determination in getting this done. A new WRDA can provide critical support for the stormravaged residents of Camp Ellis and help them rebuild. As H.R. 8 and the other legislation moves from the House to the other body, I will continue to work with our chair, ranking member, and colleagues from Maine and the other body to get this accomplished. 
b1215 PASS FOREST MANAGEMENT REFORMS (Mr. GIANFORTE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today urging the Senate to take up the forest reforms that this Chamber passed more than 7 months ago. Last year, wildfires burned more than 1.2 million acres in Montana, an area the size of the State of Delaware. I met with the firefighters on the ground and saw the devastation. I heard from families anxious about the dangerous air quality impacting their kids. I listened to the hardworking Montanans worried that their livelihoods would go up in flames. Montana survived last year’s devastating fire season. Our communities pulled together, helping neighbor to neighbor, just as Montanans do. The bad news is that forecasters project another severe fire season this year. We need to start managing our forests again. While there has been some progress, more work remains to improve the health of our forests and reduce the severity of wildfires. I call on the Senate to end the obstruction and pass forest management reforms. Montanans need them to act. f 
THE TRUMP ADMINISTRATION’S POLICY OF CRUELTY (Mr. WELCH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WELCH. Mr. Speaker, the Trump administration has enacted a policy of stunning cruelty: cruel in its impact on innocent young children, cruel in its impact on terrified mothers seeking safety from violence and rape. The cruel policy: the aggressive and forceful practice of separating a child from her mother when that mother presents herself at our southern border for the sole purpose of seeking safety. The cruel policy, Mr. Speaker, is the Trump administration’s decision—willful, voluntary, calculated decision—to make it a crime for a mother to do what mothers do everywhere and always: protect their children. Whatever challenges we face at the southern border, none will be solved by ripping families apart, sending a child to one place—strange, unknown, unfamiliar—and the parents to another, neither knowing when, if ever, they will be reunited. This policy is not only cruel, it is unnecessary and ineffective. Mr. Speaker, the President must end this unAmerican cruelty now and forever. 
CELEBRATING 50 YEARS OF SUCCESS FOR JAYCO RV (Mrs. WALORSKI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. WALORSKI. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate local RV manufacturer, Jayco, and to join them in celebrating 50 years of success. In 1968, Lloyd and Bertha Bontrager developed their first RV prototype on their family farm in northern Indiana and launched a family business that would last for generations. Half a century later, Jayco has grown to include 
over 500 acres of manufacturing plants, more than 300 dealers around the world, and countless good jobs for hardworking Hoosiers in our community. Northern Indiana leads the RV industry in the United States and, as a community, we are grateful to have this company to inspire future generations of manufacturers and to carry on that legacy. It is an honor to represent Jayco, the Bontrager family, and the hardworking employees who have played such a vital role in northern Indiana’s growing economy for decades. Mr. Speaker, on behalf of Second District Hoosiers, I want to thank everyone at Jayco for an incredible 50 years, and I look forward to more amazing things to come. 
RECOGNIZING PAUL HAMRICK, MONTEREY COUNTY’S 2018 SPELLING BEE CHAMPION (Mr. PANETTA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PANETTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Paul Hamrick, Monterey County’s 2018 Spelling Bee champion and twotime Scripps National Spelling Bee contestant. Last year, Paul finished in 35th place, but this year, and just last week, out of over 500 spellers from all 50 States, Paul finished the Bee tied for seventh, the best finish ever for a Monterey County student. Now, in a lot of ways, Paul is a normal 14yearold from the central coast of California. He loves Weird Al Yankovic, the movie ‘‘Black Panther,’’ and he even likes to bowl. But Paul is the only Monterey County student to ever make the evening finals at the National Spelling Bee. Paul’s proud father, Tom, said that Paul studied over 50,000 words this year. That number is incredibly impressive because, according to a 2016 study, the typical Englishspeaking 20 yearold American only knows 42,000 words. During last Thursday’s Scripps National Spelling Bee, Paul confidently spelled words that most people couldn’t even pronounce, like ‘‘soubresaut’’ and ‘‘binnacle’’ and ‘‘rubricate,’’ an impressive run and finish for a very intelligent young man. Congratulations, Paul. You should be proud of your hard work because, from the central coast of California to right here in the U.S. Congress, we are proud of you. 
CONGRATULATING THE 2018 NAIA NATIONAL CHAMPION SOUTHEASTERN UNIVERSITY MEN’S BASEBALL TEAM (Mr. ROSS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, Southeastern University is a Christian liberal arts college located in my hometown of Lakeland, Florida. The university is known for its commitment to providing students with a Spiritempowered, Christcentered education through integration of faith, learning, and service. Today, I rise to recognize a recent proud accomplishment for Southeastern University. Last Thursday, May 31, 2018, the Southeastern University Fire men’s baseball team defeated FreedHardeman University to win the National Association of Intercollegiate Athletics World Series. On their road to victory, the team also defeated four former national champions and had three of their players selected to join the 2018 AllAmerican team: Johnathan Bermudez, Dan Valerio, and Jordan Scott. The national championship is the first NAIA title by a Fire team since joining the association in the fall of 2009. I am both proud and inspired by this young team and their head coach, Adrian Dinkel, for the determination, commitment, and teamwork they have demonstrated on their road to victory. Southeastern University is a tremendous educational institution, led by Dr. Kent Ingle, and this win is a terrific achievement not only for the school, but also for our local community. Go Fire. f 
RECOGNIZING DENNIS WILLIAMS FOR 40 YEARS OF SERVICE (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, today I am proud to recognize Dennis Williams as he retires from United Auto Workers after more than 40 years of service to the union and to our country. I have known Dennis for many, many years. Throughout his career, he has led the fight to protect the right to collective bargaining and to ensure that all workers, not just those in the union, have fair pay and safe working conditions. Like the UAW itself, Dennis has always been committed to securing economic and social justice for workers. His experience has carried him through the diverse sectors of the UAW, giving him expertise across the spectrum. He started at UAW Local 806 as a salvage welder, served in many positions—bargaining chairman, international representative, region 4 director—before becoming international president in 2016. Dennis Williams’ service and success at the bargaining table led to a better quality of life for the UAW’s more than 400,000 workers and 580,000 retirees, many of whom I am proud to represent in my home district. I am grateful to work with leaders like Dennis who have changed our communities for the better, and we will miss Dennis Williams’ voice and his leadership in the union, but we know it won’t be lost to the country as he begins this next chapter in his life. Congratulations, Dennis, on work well done. f 
RECOGNIZING PARTICIPANTS IN THE 2018 INTEL INTERNATIONAL SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING FAIR (Mr. YOHO asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I am excited to have this opportunity to recognize and congratulate three exceptional students in my district who placed in the top five for their project categories at the 2018 Intel International Science and Engineering Fair. This competition is the largest precollegiate science fair in the world and is comprised of students from more than 75 countries who come together to compete and share their research with others in their STEM community. Himanshi Verma, from Eastside High School, received the fourth place award in the biomedical and health sciences category; Gianfranco CortesArroyo, from West Port High School, received the third place award in the mathematics category; and Evan Collins, one of my former district interns and a student at Ridgeview High, received the third place award in earth and environmental sciences category. STEM education is vital to the advancement of American society, and I am proud to represent students who will lead their generation in innovation and expertise. Congratulations again to Himanshi, Gianfranco, and Evan, and I wish you all the best in your future endeavors. 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND SERVICE OF RAPHAEL ALLEN (Mr. DESAULNIER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the life and service of Raphael Allen. I join his family and friends to celebrate his life and his service to the Richmond, California, community. Raphael Allen was born and raised in the Bay Area, where he attended Stanford University. He went on to serve as an editor for Duke University Press and covered a variety of topics relating to the World War II Home Front National Historical Park and Rosie the Riveter Park in Richmond, California. In 2007, he began volunteering with the National Park Service at Rosie the Riveter, editing exhibits, conducting research, and developing interactive youth programs. He was also a ranger at the Port Chicago Naval Magazine National Memorial, where he assisted with outreach programs at local schools and gave tours of the site, including for myself and our staff. 
Later in his career, Raphael was hired permanently at Rosie the Riveter as a park guide, where he was instrumental in opening the new visitor center. He also supported the development of exhibit content and Rosie the Riveter informational films. He went on to develop a wide variety of programs, which he often presented in the visitor center, highlighting many untold average American stories that existed about the park and the service. Raphael will be remembered for his service and the mark he left on our community and our country for ensuring its history was passed on to others. He will be sincerely missed. 
CELEBRATING PASSAGE OF THE VA MISSION ACT (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, yesterday the President signed into law the VA MISSION Act, which takes a number of steps toward giving our veterans the care they deserve. My bill, the VETS Act, was included in this larger package. It will allow VAemployed doctors to practice telemedicine across State lines. The VA already has an extremely successful telemedicine program, boasting an 88 percent satisfaction rating, but outdated regulations restricted this program from growing to achieve its full potential. The VETS Act will now allow VA doctors to utilize telemedicine to see patients in any State and any location, including in the comfort of their own home. This is especially helpful for veterans who are battling posttraumatic stress disorder and traumatic brain injury who have had a hard time traveling to a VA facility or live in rural areas. Mr. Speaker, our veterans deserve the best care available to them, and the VETS Act is one of the provisions of the VA MISSION Act that will advance this care. I commend the President for signing this bill into law. Telemedicine is better access, better care, and true healthcare reform. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF PAULINE GASCA VALENCIANO (Mr. VEASEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. VEASEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the incredible life and legacy of Pauline Valenciano. Pauline was raised in Fort Worth and was able to observe the diversity and vast culture and traditions that are embraced in our community. I knew Pauline when I first got started in politics in the late 1990s, working at Town Center Mall, which is now La Gran Plaza. But Pauline was one of the very first people that I met, and I am just very saddened to hear about her loss. From an early age, Pauline looked up to leaders in the community who gave voice to injustices and fought for equal representation. From observing local Tarrant County School Board races to statewide campaigns, Pauline knew her calling was activism, and she became a fierce leader for the Latino community and for women. When Pauline got told to dial it down, that meant, for Pauline, that she needed to dial it up. She won the respect of minority groups across Texas as she fought for civil rights and gender equality. As a precinct chair and election judge, she became an icon in the Latino community for giving voice to those who felt silenced. She also canvassed for John Kennedy and marched alongside Cesar Chavez. Inspired by leaders who were great orators, she spoke about raising the level of discourse in the country. And naturally, in 2016, when the first female candidate for President was on the ballot, she teamed up with local groups to get out the vote. The city of Fort Worth grieves her loss. The last time I saw her was at a Cinco de Mayo event, and she came up and gave me a big hug. That is the type of person she was in the community, just so inspiring, so encouraging, and a good person. We are going to miss her very much. Her work and legacy will live in Fort Worth for decades and years and years to come. Everyone is thinking about you, my friend, Pauline. I know that you are looking down, and a lot of people are sad about your loss, but know that you helped make Fort Worth a better place to live for all of us. f 
b1230 RECOGNIZING MAGGIE SCARLETT (Ms. CHENEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. CHENEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Maggie Scarlett of Wilson, Wyoming, who has been awarded an honorary doctorate from the University of Wyoming. This is the highest award the university confers. Maggie’s tireless work on behalf of our great State warrants this welldeserved honor. Maggie was awarded this honorary doctorate of humane letters for her lifetime of work creating and expanding museum and library collections. Throughout her life, Maggie has given so much back to our great State and our citizens, and she has demonstrated a lifelong commitment to the importance of museums and libraries in preserving our heritage and our history. She served as a public school teacher in communities across Wyoming and brought educational opportunities, including in the field of speech language pathology, to rural Wyoming. Maggie was 1 of 10 founding trustees of the National Museum of Wildlife Art in Jackson, Wyoming, and she was instrumental in securing its recognition as the National Museum of Wildlife Art of the United States. She also serves on the board of the Buffalo Bill Center of the West in her hometown of Cody, Wyoming, and she earned an appointment by President George W. Bush to serve on the board of the Institute of Museum and Library Services. Mr. Speaker, Maggie Scarlett is a true inspiration and has set an example for her children, her seven grandchildren, her friends, and people all across our State and Nation. I am extremely grateful for her contributions, and I am blessed to call her my friend. Maggie and her family deserve to be extremely proud of her work and of this honor. f 
CONGRATULATING THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY (Mr. SUOZZI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. SUOZZI. Mr. Speaker, I rise to congratulate the United States Merchant Marine Academy, located in Kings Point in my congressional district, for 75 years of dedicated service to our country. ‘‘Acta non verba,’’ the school’s motto, means ‘‘deeds, not words,’’ something we all need to strive for. The midshipmen and graduates of the Academy have exemplified the school’s motto by faithfully serving the United States in times of war and peace, and for that we are all eternally grateful. Since its founding in 1943, the United States Merchant Marine Academy has developed a rich history of military and maritime service. It is the only service academy whose students engage in combat during times of war. In fact, 142 of its students gave their lives on behalf of our country during World War II. In 1974, the United States Merchant Marine Academy became the first service academy to admit women. After the 9/11 terrorist attacks, staff and midshipmen evacuated civilians from lower Manhattan and transported first responders and supplies to Ground Zero. Midshipmen are the backbone of our Nation’s maritime industry, and they serve as members of the Armed Services as well. As a member of the Board of Visitors, I am proud of the United States Merchant Marine Academy, their rich history, and the sacrifices its students and graduates have made for our great Nation. 
RELEASE FUNDS TO THE U.S. VIRGIN ISLANDS (Ms. PLASKETT asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) 
Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, last year’s natural disasters in the U.S. Virgin Islands have left thousands of properties damaged and destroyed. The vast majority of those homes, businesses, and critical infrastructure have yet to be repaired. It is imperative that any funds authorized and intended to be allocated for the Virgin Islands be released to the territory immediately. While the Federal funding does not include the full amount or all of the requests of the Virgin Islands, it will help substantially in the rebuilding efforts to create better housing opportunities, to help build a resilient utility system, burying lines, creating microgrids, and implementing renewables in our energy portfolio. Due to the tenuous position of the U.S. territories, the U.S. Virgin Islands has been unable to pay contractors up front for critical repairs. We don’t have the millions to pay up front and seek reimbursement from the government. Treasury and its Secretary has been unwilling to lend us or loan us, under reasonable terms, the money that Congress allocated for us to be loaned. I am requesting that the Federal Emergency Management Agency expedite the release of the funds to the Sheltering and Temporary Essential Power pilot program immediately so that project contractors and subcontractors may be paid as soon as possible and recovery efforts continue. Mr. Speaker, when contractors lay off workers, our economy falters. And as hurricane season is beginning, this needs to be done now. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DONOVAN ) laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, June 7, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on June 7, 2018, at 9:04 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 1692. That the Senate passed S. 2857. That the Senate passed with an amendment H.R. 88. That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 1397. That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 1719. That the Senate passed without an amendment H.R. 1900. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. PROVIDING FOR FURTHER CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3, SPENDING CUTS TO EXPIRED AND UNNECESSARY PROGRAMS ACT Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 923 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 923 Resolved, That at any time after adoption of this resolution the Speaker may, pursuant to clause 2(b) of rule XVIII, declare the House resolved into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. The further amendment printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution shall be considered as adopted in the House and in the Committee of the Whole. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report of the Committee on Rules and available pro forma amendments described in section 4 of House Resolution 918. Each further amendment printed in part B of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except amendments described in section 4 of House Resolution 918, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question in the House or in the Committee of the Whole. All points of order against such further amendments are waived. At the conclusion of consideration of the bill for amendment the Committee shall rise and report the bill, as amended, to the House with such further amendments as may have been adopted. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill and amendments thereto to final passage without intervening motion except one motion to recommit with or without instructions. SEC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3) to rescind certain budget authority proposed to be rescinded in special messages transmitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018, in accordance with title X of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act 1974. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. The amendment printed in part C of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the Majority Leader and the Minority Leader or their respective designees; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. SEC. 3. The provisions of section 1017 of the Impoundment Control Act of 1974 shall not apply to a bill or joint resolution introduced with respect to the special message transmitted under section 1012 of that Act on May 8, 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. House Resolution 923 provides for the consideration of two important bills related to Federal spending of taxpayer dollars. The first, H.R. 5895, the combined appropriations bill, containing three individual fiscal year 2019 Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bills, provides the annual funding for these Federal departments. The second bill, H.R. 3, the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act, is a critical bill to honor the House Republicans’ commitment to eliminating wasteful Federal spending. The resolution before us this afternoon provides for a structured rule for H.R. 5895. Yesterday, the House passed the first rule pertaining to this bill, providing for 1 hour of general debate on the measure. Today’s rule makes in order 40 amendments offered by both Democrats and Republicans. House Resolution 923 also provides a closed rule for H.R. 3, the rescissions package, but does execute Leader MCCARTHY ’s amendment which incorporates President Trump’s revised and updated spending proposal. One hour of debate time for H.R. 3 is provided, divided and controlled equally by the majority leader and the minority leader or their respective designees. Finally, the rule provides the minority the customary motion to recommit on both pieces of legislation under consideration. H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act of 2019, funds a net total of $144 billion in base discretionary spending, $33 billion for defense, and $112 billion for nondefense purposes. The totals reflect the amount specified in the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018. Division A of the appropriations package funds the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act at nearly $45 billion, 
providing for national security and energy and water infrastructure investments. The bill would increase Federal investments in nuclear security by $600 million above fiscal year 2018, then totaling more than $15 billion. As President Trump has repeatedly stated, our Nation must modernize its aging nuclear forces. They are the centerpiece of our deterrent strategy, and we cannot allow them to degrade to a point where they become functionally useless. To prevent this outcome, nuclear weapons activities, especially Navy nuclear reactors, all continue to receive funding. Congress must not leave the United States unprepared while our adversaries continue to advance their own nuclear weapons programs. Division A also improves the security of our energy infrastructure. Most Americans take for granted the ability to easily access electricity, but that convenience is tenuous. The electric grid is massive, it is complex, and it is vulnerable to cyber and physical attacks. These threats have become increasingly likely as more operations go online or are connected to a network which is not secure. This bill appropriates $117 million to ensure that our energy infrastructure operators have the resources they need to develop these defenses. b1245 Additionally, the bill supports the completion of the Yucca Mountain nuclear waste repository, helping to ease the risk and burden of storing nuclear waste in temporary storage sites across the country. In 2007, the Energy Independence and Security Act gave the Department of Energy authority to regulate incandescent light bulbs through the law’s excessive energy efficiency standards, effectively killing free market competition. Therefore, I submitted an amendment that would prohibit the use of Federal funds to carry out these onerous enforcement standards. This amendment has been included in the Energy and Water Development appropriations bill every fiscal year since 2011, and I look forward to continued consumer choice in this market. Division A includes the United States Army Corps of Engineers. In Texas’ 26th Congressional District that I represent, the Army Corps has been instrumental in ensuring the thorough maintenance, repair, and safety of Lake Lewisville Dam, which sustained damage due to heavy rains in the north Texas area in 2015. This is just one example of the important work the Army Corps performs throughout the United States, and the bill increases funding of the agency to more than $7 billion for fiscal year 2019. The bill also repeals the massive overreach of Federal authority known as the waters of the United States rule, promulgated by the Environmental Protection Agency and the United States Army Corps of Engineers. This rule changed the definition of navigable waters subject to Federal regulation under the Clean Water Act, placing significant costs on property owners. Last, the bill prohibits the use of nuclear nonproliferation projects in Russia without certain notifications from the Secretary of Energy. Division B appropriates $3.8 billion for the legislative branch. This encompasses the House of Representatives and joint operations with the Senate. The House of Representatives is funded at $1.2 billion, which is $25 million below the President’s budget request. Funding also supports Capitol security and police forces, services for visitors, and Capitol operations and maintenance. The Capitol Police are funded at $456 million, an increase of $30 million above fiscal year 2018. Last year, we learned just how vital the Capitol Police are when they responded to and stopped a shooter who opened fire at a congressional baseball game practice. The bravery and skill demonstrated by those agents are what allows Members of Congress, our staff, our support personnel, and visitors to go to work or visit the Capitol complex every day without fear. They deserve our full support. The Office of Compliance is appropriated over $5 million for employee and Member workplace rights training. This funding will also support a dispute resolution process that is fair and accessible for all. The bill also includes almost $580 million for the Government Accountability Office so that it may continue its vital work of oversight and reporting on how Federal programs are using taxpayer dollars. Two important things that the bill does not fund are a costofliving increase for Members of Congress and allowances for former Speakers of the House. Division C of the appropriations package provides over $96 billion in discretionary funding for Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, an increase of more than $4 billion over fiscal year 2018. Nearly all of the increase in funding goes toward supporting the efforts and the services of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Robust funding for Veterans Affairs will ensure that those who have served our country have access to quality services. This bill includes a total of $194 billion in discretionary and mandatory funding for Veterans Affairs, which is $9 billion more than fiscal year 2018. Importantly, this bill provides more than $71 billion for Veterans Affairs medical care and more than $1 billion in funding for the Department of Veterans Affairs to deploy a new electronic health records system that aligns with the Department of Defense. Mr. Speaker, this is something that we have been promised since 2006. This will allow our veterans an easier transition into the Veterans Affairs system than they experience today. The bill also includes funding for reducing the disability claims backlog so that veterans will receive more timely compensation. Yesterday, the VA MISSION Act was signed into law. American veterans deserve the best possible care, and this bill gives the Department of Veterans Affairs the resources to work towards providing that care for the 7 million patients who are expected to receive Veterans Affairs treatment in fiscal year 2019. Additionally, this bill funds construction, operation, and maintenance of housing for our troops and medical and education facilities at over $10 billion. This is the first step toward funding the government and its essential programs for fiscal year 2019. This year, Congress will do its job to ensure smart, efficient, and appropriate use of taxpayer dollars. H.R. 3, the second bill contained in today’s rule, is the rescissions package to cut stagnant and unused prioryear Federal funding. President Trump submitted and recently revised a proposal to rescind approximately $14.5 billion of budget authority, affecting 15 Federal departments and agencies. These include unobligated balances from the Department of Energy’s Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program and the Innovative Technology Loan Guarantee Program; the Department of Housing and Urban Development’s capital fund; the Department of Justice’s Assets Forfeiture Fund; the Department of State’s Complex Crisis Fund; and unnecessary funding for the Millennium Challenge Corporation, among other things. President Trump recently revised his request to withdraw the proposed rescission of emergency Ebola funds as well as supplemental appropriations for Superstorm Sandy recovery and to decrease proposed rescissions to Housing and Urban Development’s capital fund and Treasury’s capital management fund. Two provisions related to the Children’s Health Insurance Program should be noted. The first rescinds over $5 billion that was included in the Medicare Access and CHIP Reauthorization Act of 2015 that supplements the fiscal year 2017 allotments to States. This was in addition to the annual Children’s Health Insurance Program appropriation to reimburse States for Children’s Health Insurance Program expenses. The remaining funds are no longer needed. The second provision rescinds almost $2 billion made available to the Children’s Health Insurance Program contingency fund, which is used to provide payments to States that have funding shortfalls. The Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services currently does 
not expect any State to need a payment from the contingency fund during the current fiscal year. It is important that the American people understand that these Children’s Health Insurance Program rescissions will have no impact on the current Children’s Health Insurance Program. Early this year, Republicans passed and signed into law the longest and most generous extension to the Children’s Health Insurance Program in its 20year history. When House Democrats were presented this opportunity, they voted against it not once but twice. Mr. Speaker, when Federal funds are no longer needed in an agency or have not been obligated, Congress should do the right thing and use these taxpayer dollars to reduce the deficit. I support passage of the rule to allow debate on these important priorities. I urge Members to support today’s rule and both underlying bills. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, this rule makes 39 amendments in order to the appropriations bill we have been considering this week. Unfortunately, this appropriations package is made up of three individual appropriations bills. Also, in what is a surprise to us in the minority, this rule also includes a surprising $15 billion in rescissions—cuts—to programs our communities depend on. Why aren’t we given the opportunity to bring up these bills individually? Considering that nearly 200 amendments were offered to this package while many of us were working in our districts, it is obvious to me that these bills would have benefited from a longer debate. This rule makes in order 39 amendments to the underlying package, which includes H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2019; H.R. 5894, the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act of 2019; and H.R. 5786, the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2019. However, 59 additional amendments will not be given an opportunity to be heard, including bipartisan amendments like the CicillinePoliquin amendment to prohibit oil drilling on the Atlantic Outer Continental Shelf or the FosterHultgren amendment to increase funding for the Department of Energy’s Office of Science or the Issa RoybalAllard amendment to support programs that improve veteran access to care at qualified health centers. Don’t these distinguished Members of this body deserve to have their amendments discussed, debated, and voted on? This rule also makes in order H.R. 3, the GOP rescission package. Mr. Speaker, this bill has not received a single hearing—not one. This was a lastminute addition which gave no time for amendments to be considered. The closed rule, which is how the rescissions package comes to the floor, pushes this Congress further into the record books as the most closed Congress in history. Before I speak more on that, I do want to take a brief moment to highlight the bipartisan manner in which the appropriators acted in crafting the Military Construction and Legislative Branch bills. This is proof that, when this body wants to, we can work together and produce legislation that results in broad, bipartisan consensus. The Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill provides a $4.17 billion increase to the servicemembers we represent—specifically, a $3.9 billion increase to the Department of Veterans Affairs. The Legislative Branch bill takes more steps we should have taken a long time ago and provides additional resources for training and to help with complaints on sexual harassment and violations of employee rights. None of us here are immune to harassers, but at least this bill moves us forward in addressing the bad behaviors of those who walk among us. This rule makes in order amendments to the Energy and Water appropriations bill. However, this bill does not follow the same bipartisan path. Instead, this bill is full of poison pill riders that will ultimately make our time here a total waste, as those poison pill riders mean that the Senate will ignore this package as it is written. Incredibly, when most Americans are asking Congress to make commonsense improvements to our Nation’s gun laws, this bill goes in the opposite direction. That is right. This Congress is finally acting on guns—in a cowardly way, by expanding where guns can be brought onto Federal lands, ignoring the cries and the calls from our children—our children who are being murdered in their classrooms, our constituents who are being murdered in movie theaters, our constituents who are being murdered in concert halls in Las Vegas, Nevada, where people go to get married, where people go to have fun, and, yes, they make babies sometimes in Vegas too. But yet we are ignoring their calls for help. b1300 It is amazing that we can go on months without meaningful reforms on gun violence and now we take up a giant spending package that forces Members to vote on yet another expansion of gun access. What are we trying to do? Again, a cowardice act to expand the use of weapons in our Federal lands. For what? So we can go into the dens of bears and kill them—the momma bears and the baby bears—while they are sleeping? That is what we are doing in this Congress. Perhaps that wouldn’t be such a problem if we had a single open rule on the House floor that would allow the House to work its will on this or any other issue Members have with portions of this legislation. Finally, this rule makes in order H.R. 3, President Trump’s and the GOP’s rescissions bill. As I mentioned before, this bill saw no hearings. Zero. But perhaps just as troubling was Ranking Member LOWEY ’s remarks in our Rules Committee hearing last night about how the minority wasn’t even consulted prior to this bill coming to the floor, ignoring the thousands of constituents that we represent. So, not only has this bill skipped the normal appropriations process, Democrats have not been given an opportunity to add the voice of their constituents. Make no mistake, this is a highly partisan bill which does not reflect the House’s will. Instead, this is what our constituents hate the most: a Congress that is most dysfunctional. This bill makes significant cuts to programs that create jobs, grow our economy, and provide healthcare to millions of children in a transparent attempt to appear fiscally conservative after passing a tax bill that added $1.9 trillion to the deficit and gave most of its benefit to the wealthiest among us. If we want to rescind something to balance the deficit, how about we start with the $1 trillion budgetbusting tax bill that was passed for the wealthy. That irresponsible law is now the cause of Medicare and Social Security going bankrupt decades earlier. This bill is a political gimmick to hide the Republican majority’s gross mismanagement of our Nation’s long term fiscal health. While the GOP tax giveaway benefited the wealthiest among us, almost half of the cuts in this rescissions package are to the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Let me say that again, Mr. Speaker: the Children’s Health Insurance Program. We have $7 billion eliminated from CHIP. That is right. They didn’t blink an eye at a $2 trillion giveaway to the wealthy, but yet they are squeezing fractional savings from funds intended for children’s health insurance. But that isn’t the end of it. So that corporations and millionaires can have a tax break, the House majority has decided to make a collection of cuts that will impact every community: Cuts to economic development; cuts to the Forest Service while the West of America is burning; cuts to Indian housing programs, cuts to foreign assistance; cuts to transportation while our infrastructure is crumbling; cuts to public housing while the growing number of Americans grow homeless; cuts to conservation; and cuts to advanced technology vehicle loans. What is it that you want to do? Do you want to take us back to the time of Fred Flintstone and Barney Rubble? 
I know that my Republican colleagues will say that they aren’t cuts because the funding can’t be used, but no Federal agencies were asked if they needed a waiver to utilize this funding where they need it the most. I doubt that my colleagues will say they couldn’t use this in their communities. Well, let me put these cuts in the voice of the Great Gazoo: those cuts are dumb and dumber cuts. Mr. Speaker, that is why I must strongly oppose this rule, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. Mr. Speaker, February 9 of this year, the House of Representatives passed the most generous extension of the Children’s Health Insurance Program since its inception in 1996. The gentlewoman from California voted against that extension. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. GIBBS), a valuable member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and the Committee on Agriculture. Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule for H.R. 5895 that provides essential protections for the current and future health of Lake Erie. It prevents the Army Corps of Engineers from dumping dredged sediment from the Cuyahoga River in the lake without the approval of the State of Ohio. This dredge sediment can contain harmful contaminants, potentially increasing the risk of polluted fish and wildlife. Lake Erie is one of Ohio’s most precious and important natural resources. It would be irresponsible to reverse the environmental gains we have recently made with the lake, which is why this provision is so important. Additionally, this bill includes a provision to expand the ability of law abiding citizens to possess a firearm on Army Corps of Engineers land, so long as they are legally permitted to carry a firearm and are in full compliance with State law and as they are allowed to do on other Federal parks and Federal lands. This provision merely brings the Army Corps recreational property in line with the rules of land owned by the National Park Service and the Fish and Wildlife Service. Finally, this bill includes a full congressional repeal of the harmful Obamaera WOTUS rule, waters of the United States, an executive overreach that expanded Federal jurisdiction beyond ‘‘navigable waters.’’ These provisions are important in ensuring the Federal Government does not impose its will or expand its authority at the expense of States or individuals. I encourage my colleagues to support this, and I want to commend the chairmen of these committees for the work they have done in the rescissions package in this bill and the Energy and Water bill to move this country forward. I would also note, Mr. Speaker, historically, if you look back in the past 20 or 30 years in past administrations, both Republican and Democratic, rescissions used to be common practice to claw back money that was never spent or could no longer be spent and bring it back to the Treasury and let the Congress reappropriate the money as they deem fit. I encourage my colleagues to support this rule. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Rules. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, does this Republican majority have amnesia? Did they forget how we got here? Congressional Republicans blew a nearly $2 trillion hole in the deficit by giving tax cuts to the wealthy and large corporations. That is trillion with a T. Now they are acting like they are great deficit hawks for bringing forward a bill that rescinds $15 billion in Federal spending. That is billion with a B. It is a tiny fraction of the trillions of dollars they spent on tax cuts. You don’t have to be some great scholar to see this disparity. It is right here on this chart. This really big red bar, Mr. Speaker, that plunges down to nearly $2 trillion represents the impact of the Republican tax bill on the deficit. It is actually $1.9 trillion. It is not good. That really, really, really tiny small bar on the right represents the socalled ‘‘savings’’ that this bill will provide. For those in the gallery, you are going to need binoculars to see that line. To my Republican colleagues, I am happy to lend you my bifocals so you can see how inconsequential this rescission package is in terms of dealing with our deficit. Now, don’t get me wrong, $15 million is a lot of money, but in the context of what this Republican House has done to our deficit—blowing a hole in it to give tax cuts to the megarich—in that context, it isn’t even a down payment on fixing the deficit. This bill isn’t the result of some great process. Mr. Speaker, there was no process. There was no hearing on the bill. The Appropriations Committee didn’t go over these proposed cuts one by one, weighing whether they made sense or not. This is the result of the whims of President Trump. He seems to change his mind about as often as he logs on to Twitter. How else can the majority explain slashing funds to fight Ebola the same day there is an Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of the Congo? You cannot make this stuff up. It took language in a manager’s amendment to reverse this, just like the majority was forced to reverse cuts to funds designed to help New York and New Jersey recover from Superstorm Sandy. Perhaps if you had a hearing and you listened to Members of Congress, you listened to the committees of jurisdiction, you might avoid these embarrassments. This bill is also being considered under yet another recordbreaking closed rule. That means no Member can offer an amendment on the floor to approve it. Last month, Republicans officially turned this Congress into the most closed Congress in history. It was only May. We still have 6 months to go before the end of this Congress. Apparently, there is no end in sight for the majority’s restrictive process. It would make Vladimir Putin jealous. This is not a process to be proud of. This is a process the Republicans should be ashamed of. The cuts in this bill aren’t harmless. They will hurt real people. Almost half the cuts in this package are to the Children’s Health Insurance Program. This bill also hurts farmers by cutting funding they need to carry out important conservation programs. This bill cuts funding for the Economic Development Administration, an agency focused on economic growth and private sector job creation, at a time when they have a project backlog nationwide. In my own congressional district, I have visited at least 10 high quality projects seeking investments from EDA. These projects, and countless others all across the country, are now in jeopardy if this rescissions package becomes law. These are not unnecessary programs, as the bill’s title suggests. This funding was appropriated under the FY 2017 omnibus negotiated over just a year ago. Both parties agreed to it. The President signed it into law. Now, President Trump has suddenly changed his mind. Maybe it was something he saw on Fox News, since he takes most of his marching orders from them. After spending nearly $2 trillion on tax cuts for the superrich and blowing up the deficit, the majority’s bill is like putting a BandAid on a gaping wound. Republicans are trying to trick the American people into thinking that somehow they care about fiscal responsibility. Well, they are not fooling anyone. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ROUZER ). The Chair would remind Members to refrain from references to occupants of the gallery. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 30 seconds. Mr. Speaker, I would like to point out that as of June 7 of this year, Republicans in the 115th Congress have provided consideration for over 1,200 amendments on the House floor. Mr. Speaker, during the entirety of the 111th Congress, when Speaker Pelosi was Speaker, the Democrats allowed less than 1,000 amendments to be considered on the floor. Their majority blocked nearly 3,000 amendments that year in Congress. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 30 seconds. I would like to recognize that on February 9 of this year, the most generous extension of the Children’s Health Insurance Program—for 10 years’ time— was passed by the House and eventually signed into law. The gentleman from Massachusetts fought against that. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ). b1315 Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the rule. I want to thank the chairman and ranking member for the inclusion of language in the E&W report that would launch a new initiative at the Department of Energy to aggressively drive down costs and improve the performance of gridscale energy storage technologies. This report language is similar to the BEST Act, which I sponsored and of which the ranking member is a cosponsor. The BEST Act is a bipartisan authorization bill that directs the Secretary of Energy to establish a moonshot goal of three demonstrations of gridscale battery storage that will meet aggressive commercialization targets for cost, performance, and durability. This concept is modeled after the success of the DOE’s SunShot Initiative, which brought down the cost of solar energy by 75 percent in less than 5 years. One of the biggest challenges to greater incorporation of new energy sources into the power grid is the lack of costcompetitive gridscale solutions. Intermittent energy sources cannot reach their potential without commercially viable storage facilities. We all know this. Much of the energy we produce is lost, diminishing utility productivity. While the DOE has issued grants to pursue better battery storage, funding has been too dispersed to produce the breakthroughs needed to transform our electricity grid. This initiative will leverage work currently being done in the Office of Science to set a moonshot goal for energy storage technology. In a further sign of the merit of these demonstrations, the Senate E&W bill also includes very similar report language. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, we cannot continue to allow the rewriting of history. The majority has blocked over 2,000 amendments, and it is only June. Mr. Speaker, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act would shortchange our veterans by subjecting funding for their healthcare programs to onerous budget restraints. This would force funding for veterans healthcare to compete with other important veterans programs. Therefore, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to include Representative LAMB’s legislation, H.R. 5805, to fix the VA Choice budget shortfall and Representative CARTER ’s amendment to MILCONVA which includes more funds for vital veteran healthcare initiatives. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. LAMB) to discuss our proposal. Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, I rise today so that we can finish the work that we started with the VA MISSION Act. Just yesterday, the President signed the VA MISSION Act into law, and it is a good bill. But the words on that piece of paper and his signature, Mr. Speaker, are not what takes care of our veterans. It is the doctors and nurses in our VA facilitates who do that. The VA MISSION Act gives us a chance to make their jobs easier and let them do it better. But we have to be honest about the fact that it also poses serious risks because of these strict budget caps. These budget caps were in place, Mr. Speaker, before we ever did the VA MISSION Act. I don’t know if they were put in place because people had lost faith in the VA, but I recently visited two VA hospitals in the Pittsburgh area and came away with a renewed faith in what the VA can do. I met a man who was a Vietnam veteran, wheelchairbound, who has lived in the VA hospital for 3 years. If things were as bad as its critics say, you might expect a man like that to be downtrodden or upset with the VA. Instead, when I asked him how he was feeling, tears came to his eyes and his voice choked with emotion as he described for me the way that the director of that hospital comes to mass with him every morning and asks about his family. We had that conversation in a kitchen built inside that hospital that looks like the kitchen in any nice home. The nurses bring in food of their own to cook for the patients of theirs. It operates like a real family. This is what it looks like, Mr. Speaker, when we keep our promises to our veterans and, more accurately, when our doctors and nurses keep that promise on our behalf. But all of this is at risk if we do not finish what we started with the VA MISSION Act. If we do nothing, the money that we have appropriated for the Veterans Choice Program will bust the strict budget caps that VA is under, and that will trigger automatic, indiscriminate cuts across the board. Mr. Speaker, that man asked me for one thing. He said that next year on Memorial Day he was hoping that they could have a cookout and that I would come back and have a hot dog with him. When that happens 1 year from now, Mr. Speaker, that same VA hospital may very well be under the strict budget cuts. Something like a cookout would be seen as an extravagance if you are getting 25 percent, 30 percent cuts across the board. And we will be responsible for that, Mr. Speaker. That is the only thing that man asked for. He has been cared for. We have gotten him the care he deserves. We need to ensure that for the next generation. We can fix that today. We can exempt the new money in the VA MISSION Act from the strict budget caps by voting ‘‘no’’ on the previous question so that my bill, H.R. 5805, can be made in order. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 2 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I certainly appreciate the gentleman’s service to our country. I would point out that I worked as a physician in a VA facility in the 1970s, and I am well aware of the good work that the doctors and nurses in VA facilities provide. I would like to point out that, in the Statement of Administration Policy, the administration expected the MISSION Act to be in place by the beginning of fiscal year 2018. Do remember that this was one of the promises that thencandidate Trump promised to the Nation, that he would make the funding of the veterans programs a priority, and I believe he has done that. Continuing to quote from the administration: ‘‘The delay in enacting the MISSION Act’s new community care program increases the requirements to continue the VA’s current traditional community care program by an additional $1.6 billion in fiscal year 2019.’’ Here is the important point: ‘‘The administration looks forward to working with Congress to secure this funding within the existing nondefense discretionary cap.’’ I think it is fair to say there is more to come. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COMER ). Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from California? There was no objection. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ). Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California for yielding me the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the rule for H.R. 3 as well as the underlying bill. As a member of the House Appropriations Committee, I do not believe we should be retroactively taking back already approved funding to pay for tax cuts to corporations. There are countless ludicrous provisions in this bill to cut rural housing, conservation, and other programs that support communities, farmers, and those in need. I would like to focus on one provision in H.R. 3 that is particularly upsetting because it would rescind over $14 million from USDA’s Value Added Producer Grant program, one of the only USDA grants that go directly to farmers’ pockets. 
Let me be absolutely clear. Despite what the administration has said, these are funds that farmers have already applied for. Those applications were already under review by the USDA when the rescission package was introduced. Projects are ready to go and jobs are waiting to be created with this funding. It makes me very angry to see that the administration’s rescission proposal describes these grants as wasteful and specifically identifies a chocolate covered peanut project as an example of alleged wasteful spending. This is not about chocolatecovered peanuts. This is about helping farmers diversify their businesses and providing consumers with new products on which they are willing to spend a little extra. Farmers are facing very challenging economic times, and I think we should be doing everything we can to support farmers in finding new markets, whether that is by processing milk to make yogurt, making jam from wild blueberries, or even coating peanuts in chocolate. Ironically, on the same day that the administration released its rescission proposal, the USDA’s Economic Research Service released a report on how successful VAPG has been. The report shows that businesses that receive VAPG funding provide more jobs for their communities and were less likely to fail than similar nonrecipient businesses. VAPG works. In Maine and across the country, a little support to farmers through VAPG can go a long way. I urge my colleagues to oppose the rule for H.R. 3 as well as the underlying bill. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as a senior member of the Homeland Security Committee, I am opposing all of the bills under this rule, including the underlying bill, but in particular H.R. 3, which is a danger to childcare development, Pell grants, and election security, meaning, Mr. Speaker, they are cutting those dollars. But the main element of my opposition is the crisis on the border. I want this House to recognize that you have individuals who have crossed for humanitarian reasons who are being treated and violated like in a third world country that would be inhumane. You have Guatemalans, some of whom now are facing the tragedy of the volcano, coming who speak an indigenous language, and they are lumped together 50, 100 at a time. Their children are snatched away from them. This is a policy that is going to be further funded by the rescissions in this bill. It is imperative that anyone who has a humane bone in their body stand up against ripping children away from individuals. As a member of the Committee on Homeland Security and the Committee on the Judiciary, that was not the policy. The policy was for children who came unaccompanied, not children with their parents. In addition, you have children who have not seen their mothers—who are 4 years old, who are infants—for weeks at a time and cannot speak English. Again, you have Guatemalans who are not speaking Spanish, English, or a language that is interpreted in the courts. It is an indigenous language. They do not know that you are ruling against them, as it relates to their plea for asylum. This bill and the rescissions will give more funding for those kinds of inhumane deportation and more dollars to separate children from their parents. For God’s sake, this is not America. We must stop it now. Oppose the bill. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself 1 minute. Mr. Speaker, I will point out that one of the things that the Military Construction and VA appropriation does fund is the improvements to the VA Electronic Health Record. This is something that has been sought by this Congress and previous administrations going back to 2006. I am happy to say that in this appropriations bill it is being taken care of. Three administrations is too long for that to happen. I am grateful for the focus that the administration put on this problem, and I am grateful that they have finally gotten it solved. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I have no doubt of the importance of the legislation this rule makes in order. However, I struggle to believe that this is the most important work we could be doing today. Instead, perhaps we can fix the broken immigration laws that President Trump has cited as his reason for separating families and children on our Nation’s border. Fear and intimidation are no way to make policy. The Trump administration has picked the cruelest way to punish those who are fleeing violence. The result is broken families and lost children. Since October, more than 700 children have been inhumanely separated from their parents. More than 100 of these children are less than 4 years old. Using family separation as a scare tactic to prevent families from coming to this country will never work, and it is in the same cruel mindset as using rape as a weapon of war. These families come here looking for one thing: shelter. Punishing a mother by separating her from her child is not only immoral; it is inhumane. It goes against the fundamental human right of the family unit. Separating them from their parents is simply antiAmerican. However, for some reason, President Trump has repeatedly said that he is bound by the law to rip these families apart. b1330 PARLIAMENTARY INQUIRY  
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, parliamentary inquiry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from California will state her parliamentary inquiry. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, what is the law requiring the separation of parents and children at the border? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair does not respond to inquiries regarding the status of the law. That is a matter for debate. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, perhaps the reason the Speaker can’t answer is that the law simply doesn’t exist. However, this is the United States Congress. We make the laws. But unfortunately, this isn’t what we are doing here. No. Instead, we are taking up a bill to put more guns on public lands and cut funding for energy efficiency research. For this reason and many other concerns I have with the number of amendments which were not made in order, I must oppose this rule. This Congress is now the most closed Congress in history. It is forcing its Members to vote on bills which haven’t been given a real debate. It is clear the majority is attempting to rewrite history. Mr. Speaker, Canada did not burn the White House. The American people know better. None of the work we do today will undo their deficitbusting bill, nor will it reunite the families the administration has destroyed. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to oppose the previous question and the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as of June 7, 2018, Republicans in the 115th Congress have provided for consideration of over 1,200 amendments on the House floor. Over 570 of those amendments have been proposed by Democrats, 480 proposed by Republicans, and 190 were bipartisan. That is 46 percent Democratic amendments, 39 percent Republican amendments, and 16 percent were bipartisan. By contrast, during the entire 111th Congress, that was the last Congress where Speaker PELOSI was the Speaker of the House, Democrats were in the majority. During the entire 111th Congress, Speaker PELOSI allowed less than 1,000 amendments to be considered on the House floor, and, in fact, the Democratic majority blocked 3,000 amendments, with roughly 2,400 during, actually, the first session, the first year of that Congress. These numbers include measures where the summaries of amendments submitted are publicly available, but at that time, due to the lack of the majority’s transparency, the number is likely much higher that were blocked. Now, look, Chairman SESSIONS of the Rules Committee has made it a point 
to ensure that every single Member has the opportunity to submit their amendments and come to the Committee on Rules and share their thoughts and concerns. And as the gentlewoman knows well, there is no clock in the Rules Committee. Any Member can come and spend as much time with us as they wish. Mr. Speaker, today’s rule provides for the consideration of two important pieces of legislation: H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act of 2019, and H.R. 3, the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. Both are responsible measures that take seriously our responsibility to be vigilant stewards of the Federal taxpayers’ dollars. I want to thank the President for his leadership in eliminating unused and unnecessary funding from past years, a responsible approach that until this President has been underutilized. I urge my colleagues today to support the rules and the two underlying pieces of legislation. The material previously referred to by Mrs. TORRES is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 923 O FFERED BY  MS. TORRES  In the first section, strike ‘‘printed in part A of the report of the Committee on Rules accompanying this resolution’’ and insert ‘‘specified in section 4 of this resolution, modified by adding at the end the text of H.R. 5805 as introduced,’’. Add at the end the following new section: ‘‘SEC. 4. The amendment referred to in the first section is as follows: ‘Page 165, after line 14, insert the following: SEC. 239. For an additional amount for the Department of Veterans Affairs, $1,138,000,000 for the programs and activities authorized in the VA MISSION Act of 2018 and the amendments made by such Act, which shall be in addition to amounts otherwise made available in this Act for such purpose, of which— (1) $600,000,000 shall become available for the Veterans Community Care Program under section 1703 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by the VA MISSION Act of 2018, on the effective date specified in section 101(b) of such Act; and (2) $253,000,000 shall be available for the Family Caregivers Program under section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, as amended by such Act: Provided, That amounts made available under this section shall remain available until September 30, 2020.’’. 
ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule. . . When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on: Adopting the resolution, if ordered; and Agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 227, nays 185, not voting 15, as follows: [Roll No. 240] YEAS—227 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) 
DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Beatty Bilirakis Boyle, Brendan F. Carbajal Davis, Danny Flores Fortenberry Lynch Noem Palazzo Poliquin Polis Thompson (MS) Vargas Walz 
b1357 Mr. LEWIS of Georgia changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mr. ABRAHAM and Mrs. WALORSKI changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on roll call No. 240. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 225, noes 187, not voting 15, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—187 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Massie Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Yarmuth NOT VOTING—15 
Beatty Bilirakis Boyle, Brendan F. Carbajal Davis, Danny Flores Fortenberry Lynch Noem Palazzo Polis Rokita Vargas Walz Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday and part of Thursday, June 6 and 7, 2018, I was unavoidably detained and was unable to make votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 234, the Previous Question; ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 235, on adoption of the H.R. 918; ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 236, the approval of the Journal; ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 237, the motion to recommit; ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 238, the final passage of the Water Resource Development Act (H.R. 8); ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 239, the final passage of the Project Safe Neighborhoods Grant Program Authorization Act (H.R. 3249); ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 240, the Previous Question; ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 241, on the adoption of H. Res. 923; and ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 242, the approval of the journal. 
Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to cast votes on the following legislative measures. If I were present for rollcall votes, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ for the following votes: Roll 241, June 7, 2018: On Agreeing to the Resolution, H. Res. 923, Providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3) the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. Roll 240, June 7, 2018: On Ordering the Previous Question, Providing for further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies; and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 3) the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. If were present for rollcall votes, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ for the following vote: Roll 242, June 7, 2018: On Approval of the Journal. f 
WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION COORDINATION ACT Mr. BLUM. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 1869) to reauthorize and rename the position of Whistleblower Ombudsman to be the Whistleblower Protection Coordinator, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Iowa? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1869 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Whistleblower Protection Coordination Act’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3(d) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(C)— (A) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subclauses (I) and (II), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (B) by striking ‘‘Ombudsman who shall educate agency employees—’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Coordinator who shall— ‘‘(i) educate agency employees—’’; (C) in subclause (I), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘on retaliation’’ and inserting ‘‘against retaliation’’; (D) in subclause (II), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘, including— ‘‘(aa) the means by which employees may seek review of any allegation of reprisal, including the roles of the Office of the Inspector General, the Office of Special Counsel, the Merit Systems Protection Board, and any other relevant entities; and ‘‘(bb) general information about the timeliness of such cases, the availability of any alternative dispute mechanisms, and avenues for potential relief.’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) assist the Inspector General in promoting the timely and appropriate handling and consideration of protected disclosures and allegations of reprisal, to the extent practicable, by the Inspector General; and ‘‘(iii) assist the Inspector General in facilitating communication and coordination with the Special Counsel, the Council of the Inspectors General on Integrity and Efficiency, the establishment, Congress, and any other relevant entity regarding the timely and appropriate handling and consideration of protected disclosures, allegations of reprisal, and general matters regarding the implementation and administration of whistleblower protection laws, rules, and regulations.’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Ombudsman’’ and inserting ‘‘Coordinator’’; (3) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4); and 
(4) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) The Whistleblower Protection Coordinator shall have direct access to the Inspector General as needed to accomplish the requirements of this subsection.’’. (b) RESPONSIBILITIES OF CIGIE.—Section 11(c) of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES RELATING  
TO WHISTLEBLOWER PROTECTION .—The Council shall— ‘‘(A) facilitate the work of the Whistleblower Protection Coordinators designated under section 3(d)(C); and ‘‘(B) in consultation with the Office of Special Counsel and Whistleblower Protection Coordinators from the member offices of the Inspector General, develop best practices for coordination and communication in promoting the timely and appropriate handling and consideration of protected disclosures, allegations of reprisal, and general matters regarding the implementation and administration of whistleblower protection laws, in accordance with Federal law.’’. (c) REPORTING .—Section 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by amending paragraph (20) to read as follows: ‘‘(20)(A) a detailed description of any instance of whistleblower retaliation, including information about the official found to have engaged in retaliation; and ‘‘(B) what, if any, consequences the establishment actually imposed to hold the official described in subparagraph (A) accountable;’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3)(D), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating paragraph (4) as paragraph (5); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(4) whether the establishment entered into a settlement agreement with the official described in subsection (a)(20)(A), which shall be reported regardless of any confidentiality agreement relating to the settlement agreement; and’’. (d) REPEAL OF SUNSET .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 117 of the Whistleblower Protection Enhancement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–199; 126 Stat. 1475) is repealed. (2) RETROACTIVE EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect on November 26, 2017. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VA SENIOR EXECUTIVE ACCOUNTABILITY ACT Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 2772) to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for requirements relating to the reassignment of Department of Veterans Affairs senior executive employees, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amendment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Veterans Affairs Senior Executive Accountability Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SEA Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. SEMIANNUAL REPORTS ON REASSIGNMENT OF DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS SENIOR EXECUTIVE EMPLOYEES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 7 of title 38, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 727. Reassignment of senior executives ‘‘(a) APPROVAL OF REASSIGNMENTS .—No indi vidual employed in a senior executive position at the Department may be reassigned to another such position at the Department unless such reassignment is approved in writing and signed by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) SEMIANNUAL REPORTS REQUIRED .—(1) Not later than June 30 and December 31 of each year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on the reassignment of individuals employed in senior executive positions at the Department to other such positions at the Department during the period covered by the report. ‘‘(2) Each report submitted under paragraph (1) shall describe the purpose of each reassignment and the costs associated with such reassignment. ‘‘(3) For purposes of paragraph (2), costs associated with a reassignment may only include the following: ‘‘(A) A salary increase. ‘‘(B) Temporary travel expenses for the individual or the family of the individual. ‘‘(C) Moving expenses. ‘‘(D) A paid incentive. ‘‘(c) SENIOR EXECUTIVE POSITION DEFINED .— In this section, the term ‘senior executive position’ has the meaning given such term in section 713(d) of this title.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 725 the following new item: ‘‘727. Reassignment of senior executives.’’. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading of the amendment. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
b1415 SERGEANT ERNEST I. ‘‘BOOTS’’ THOMAS VA CLINIC Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 4687) to designate the health care center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Tallahassee, Florida, as the Sergeant Ernest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the title of the bill. Will the gentleman from Tennessee submit a copy of the bill to the desk. Does the gentleman seek to withdraw his request? Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Yes. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the unanimous consent request is withdrawn. There was no objection. f 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 923, I call up the bill (H.R. 3) to rescind certain budget authority proposed to be rescinded in special messages transmitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018, in accordance with title X of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act 1974, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the amendment printed in part C of House Report 115–712 is adopted, and the bill, as amended, is considered read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: 
H.R. 3 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Pursuant to the special message transmitted by the President on May 8, 2018, to the House of Representatives and the Senate proposing the rescission of budget authority under section 1012 of part B of title X of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act of 1974 (2 U.S.C. 682 et seq.), the rescissions described under subsection (b) shall take effect immediately upon the date of enactment of this Act. (b) RESCISSIONS .—The rescissions described in this subsection are as follows: (1) Of the unobligated balances identified by the Treasury Appropriation Fund Symbol 12X1600, $148,000,000 are permanently rescinded. (2) Of the unobligated balances identified by the Treasury Appropriation Fund Symbol 12X1004, the following amounts are permanently rescinded: (A) $143,854,263 of amounts made available in section 2601(a)(5) of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79). (B) $146,650,991 of amounts made available in section 2701(d) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246). (C) $33,261,788 of amounts made available in section 2701(e) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246). (D) $12,960,988 of amounts made available in section 2701(g) of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246). 
(E) $7,447,193 of amounts made available in section 2510 of the Food, Conservation, and Energy Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–246). (F) $155,332,698 of amounts made available from the Commodity Credit Corporation to carry out the wetlands reserve program. (3) Of the unobligated balances identified by the Treasury Appropriation Fund Symbol 12X1072, $50,000,000 of amounts made available under the heading ‘‘Watershed and Flood Prevention Operations’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) are rescinded. (4) From amounts made available under the heading ‘‘Department of Agriculture— Rural Housing Service—Rental Assistance Program’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) that remain available until September 30, 2018, $40,000,000 are rescinded. (5) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Rural Housing Service—Rural Community Facilities Program Account’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) and prior Acts, $2,000,000 are rescinded. (6) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Rural BusinessCooperative Service—Rural Cooperative Development Grants’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) and prior Acts, $14,705,229 are rescinded. (7) Of the amounts made available by section 9003 of the Agricultural Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–79), $36,410,174 are rescinded. (8) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Rural Utilities Service—High Energy Cost Grants’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) and prior Acts, $13,275,855 are rescinded. (9) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Rural Utilities Service—Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Account’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) and prior Acts, $37,000,000 are rescinded. No amounts may be rescinded under this paragraph from amounts that were designated by the Congress as an emergency or disaster relief requirement pursuant to the concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. (10) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Forest Service—Land Acquisition’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) and prior Acts that were derived from the Land and Water Conservation Fund, $16,000,000 are permanently rescinded. (11) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Commerce—Economic Development Administration—Economic Development Assistance Programs’’ from prior year appropriations, $30,000,000 are rescinded. (12) Any unobligated balances of amounts provided by section 129 of the Consolidated Security, Disaster Assistance, and Continuing Appropriations Act, 2009 (Public Law 110–329) for the cost of direct loans as authorized by section 136(d) of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–140) are rescinded. (13) Of the unobligated balances made available by section 1425 of the Department of Defense and FullYear Continuing Appropriations Act, 2011 (Public Law 112–10) for the cost of loan guarantees for renewable energy or efficient enduse energy technologies under section 1703 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 15513), $160,682,760 are rescinded. (14) Any unobligated balances of amounts made available under the heading ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Title 17—Innovative Technology Loan Guarantee Program’’ in the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5) for the cost of guaranteed loans authorized by section 1705 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 are rescinded. (15) Of the unobligated balances available from section 301(b)(3) of Public Law 114–10 and pursuant to section 2104(m)(2)(B)(iv) of the Social Security Act, $5,149,512,000 are rescinded. (16) Of the amounts made available in section 1115A(f)(1)(B) of the Social Security Act, $800,000,000 are rescinded. (17) Of the amounts deposited in the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund for fiscal year 2018 under section 2104(n)(2) of the Social Security Act, $1,865,000,000 are permanently rescinded. (18) Of the unobligated balances available in the Nonrecurring Expenses Fund established in section 223 of division G of Public Law 110–161, $220,000,000 are rescinded. (19) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Public Indian Housing Programs—Public Housing Capital Fund’’ in the Consolidated and Further Continuing Appropriations Act, 2015 (Public Law 113–235), $1,192,287 are rescinded. (20) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Public Indian Housing Programs—Public Housing Capital Fund’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (Public Law 114–113), $5,243,222 are rescinded. (21) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Public Indian Housing Programs—Public Housing Capital Fund’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31), $31,980,121 are rescinded. (22) Of the unobligated balances available until expended under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development— Public Indian Housing Programs—Public Housing Capital Fund’’, including from prior year appropriations, $518,885 are permanently rescinded. (23) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Justice— Legal Activities—Asset Forfeiture Fund’’, including from prior year appropriations, $106,000,000 are permanently rescinded. (24) Any unobligated balances of amounts made available in section 1899K(b) of division B of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–5) are rescinded. (25) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of State— Complex Crises Fund’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) and the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2016 (114–113), $30,000,000 are rescinded. (26) From amounts made available under the heading ‘‘Millennium Challenge Corporation’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) and prior Acts, $52,000,000 are rescinded. (29) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Transportation—Federal Highway Administration— Appalachian Development Highway System’’ in the Department of Transportation and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1998 (Public Law 105–66) or any other Act, $45,240,246 are rescinded. (31) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of Transportation—Federal Railroad Administration— Capital Assistance for High Speed Rail Corridors and Intercity Passenger Rail Service’’ in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–117) $53,404,128 are rescinded. (32) Of the unobligated balances available for Transit Formula Grants from fiscal year 2005 and prior fiscal years, $46,560,000 are permanently rescinded. (33) Of the unobligated balances available in the Treasury Forfeiture Fund established by the Treasury Forfeiture Fund Act of 1992 (31 U.S.C. 9705), $53,000,000 are permanently rescinded. (34) Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Department of the Treasury—Departmental Offices—Community Development Financial Institution Fund Program’’ for the Bank Enterprise Award Program from the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) $22,787,358 are rescinded. (35) From amounts made available to the Capital Magnet Fund for fiscal year 2018 pursuant to sections 1337 and 1339 of the Housing and Economic Recovery Act of 2008 (12 U.S.C. 4567 and 4569) $141,716,839 are permanently rescinded. (37) Of the unobligated balances available in the ‘‘National Service Trust’’ established in section 102 of the National and Community Service Trust Act of 1993, $150,000,000 are permanently rescinded. (38) Of the amounts made available in section 9 of the Worker, Homeownership, and Business Assistance Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–92), $132,612,397 are rescinded. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The bill, as amended, shall be debatable for 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the majority leader and the minority leader or their respective designees. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today to present H.R. 3, the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. This package of rescissions withdraws nearly $15 billion in funds previously appropriated to various Federal programs and agencies. These funds are rescinded from programs and agencies that no longer need or cannot spend the money or from programs that no longer exist. When such funding goes unused for years, those funds should be returned to the Federal Treasury, as taxpayers should expect. Sweeping up these extra funds will not cause undue harm or hardship to the essential activities at these Federal agencies. In fact, year after year, rescissions are included in our regular appropriations bills, and dozens of such rescissions have previously received bipartisan support. The bottom line is that it is not in the interest of the taxpayers to let outdated, unnecessary dollar balances sit idle, especially when the Nation is facing such high debt and deficits. As I have said many times, Congress controls the power of the purse, and it is up to us to keep our fiscal house in order in order to reduce wasteful spending, unnecessary spending, whenever possible. 
Such rescissions are not new. Over the past 20 years, there have been hundreds proposed and approved in both Democratic and Republican administrations. I urge my colleagues to support this commonsense legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in strong opposition to this Republican rescission package. Mr. Speaker, President Trump and congressional Republicans are trying to take deconstructing government to a new level. They are proposing to take $15 billion in Federal funds away from the citizenry and investment in our economy budgeted for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, medical innovation, advanced manufacturing, infrastructure projects, and the list goes on. Why? They are doing so to pay for a tiny fraction of their $1.5 trillion tax cut for the rich. This is just another example of their irresponsible governance. What is on the chopping block? With this rescission package, the majority would cut the balances in the Children’s Health Insurance Program by $7 billion, simply send them back to the Treasury. They would cut funding when we should be investing in critical services for children and families. They would cut funding that helps workers who have lost their jobs due to trade access health insurance. They would cut funding for AmeriCorps and prevent more people from serving vulnerable populations in their communities. They would cut funding for critical healthcare infrastructure projects. Just a few months ago, we used these funds to replace the Biosafety Level 4 laboratory at the Centers for Disease Control. This lab is necessary for handling the most highly pathogenic organisms, such as Ebola, other hemorrhagic fevers, and smallpox. This is a critical piece of public health infrastructure. Why do Republicans want to cut its source of funding? They would cut funding for programs that rural America depends on, rural housing programs, rural water programs. For example, it would rescind $15 million from the Value Added Producer Grant Program, a vital lifeline for small businesses in rural America. Well, I want to remind Americans that the President and his House allies are betraying the promise they made to the American people, Mr. Speaker. In March, we agreed to historic and urgently needed funding for our families. The omnibus funding bill for 2018 made important investments in health, education, and job programs. It made critical investments that boost the middle class. It was not easy. We worked hard to come to an overwhelmingly bipartisan agreement that benefits the people of this country. And now, months later, the Trump administration and House Republicans are violating the spirit of that agreement. It is not a serious way to govern. This is money for our children, not for the President to claw back to placate fervent conservatives who maintain their drumbeat on Twitter and TV. And what do Republicans get for breaking their word, going back on their promises and taking from children? Well, according to the Congressional Budget Office, Mr. Speaker, the actual impact of this rescission package would amount to $1 billion over 10 years. That is less than 1 percent of the Republicans’ $1.5 trillion tax scam for the rich. In fact, it is one onehundredth of a percent. If Republicans are so worried about spending, why not rescind the money from the tax giveaway to corporations that are using it to buy back stock? They are not raising wages. Well, they appear to be beholden to the lobbyists and the insiders who have profited so exorbitantly from that gift. And according to the Center for Budget and Policy Priorities, 83 percent of the tax scam benefits will go to the top 1 percent. And those big boosts to paychecks? They have not materialized. You look at Walmart. They spent $20 billion on stock buybacks for their shareholders; yet, according to the Roosevelt Institute, had Walmart instead dedicated that money to workers, they could have raised wages to more than $16 an hour. They did not. Mr. Speaker, budgets, spending, appropriations, and rescissions reflect our values, and it is clearer than ever that President Trump, Speaker RYAN, and the Republicans in the Congress value corporations and the wealthy, not people who work for a living or those who are the most vulnerable. They rig the rules for the rich and rob from the poor to pay for it. Congress must reject President Trump’s proposal and put forth policies that work for the middle class and families and for those who are most vulnerable, not balance the budget on their backs. The American people would be far better served if Congressional Republicans joined with Democrats to fund critical investments in education, healthcare, infrastructure, and protecting our retirement programs. When teachers are protesting across the country for fair pay, Republicans want to go backwards. When Americans are stuck in jobs that do not pay enough to live on, Republicans want to go backwards. When 40 percent of households cannot afford the basics of a modern, middle class lifestyle, Republicans want to go backwards. Mr. Speaker, it is unconscionable, and the American people deserve better. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE), the majority whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman of the Appropriations Committee for yielding. I rise in strong support of this rescissions package. I want to commend President Trump for bringing this bill to Congress, a bill that would, once passed, be the largest rescissions package in the history of our country. This is a process that has been used by Republican and Democratic Presidents alike over decades, and it is an important process to make sure that we keep our fiscal house in order. Mr. Speaker, I know some of my colleagues on the other side are feigning concern over the Children’s Health Insurance Program, and most of them, by the way, voted against the funding for the CHIP program in the first place when that bill was before Congress due to a full funding. In fact, we overfunded the CHIP program, and so, as that surplus money was identified, we made sure that that money is going to be able to be used to help reduce the deficit and go to other things. This letter from the Congressional Budget Office confirms that not one child will lose insurance when this bill is passed because we overfunded the CHIP program. Mr. Speaker, I include this letter from the Congressional Budget Office in the RECORD . 
U.S. C ONGRESS , CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE , Washington, DC, May 8, 2018. Re Proposed Rescissions for the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Hon. KEVIN MCCARTHY , Majority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. LEADER : At your staff’s request, the Congressional Budget Office has reviewed the Administration’s proposed rescissions R18–15 and R18–17 for the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) that were transmitted to the Congress on May 8, 2018. The proposals would rescind approximately $7 billion. Of this, $5.1 billion would be rescinded from the unobligated balances made available by section 301(b)(3) of Public Law 114–10, and $1.9 billion would be rescinded from amounts made available for fiscal year 2018 under the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund, section 2104(n)(2) of the Social Security Act. Specifically, you asked for our assessment of the proposed rescissions’ effect on federal spending and insurance coverage. Authority to distribute the funds to states made available under section 301(b)(3) expired in 2017. In addition, based on information from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, CBO projects that the rescission from the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund would not affect payments to states over the 2018– 2028 period. For these reasons, CBO estimates that rescinding the unobligated balances would reduce budget authority by $7 billion, but would not affect outlays, or the number of individuals with insurance coverage. I hope this information is helpful to you. Sincerely, KEITH HALL, Director. 
Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to point out that, as there was a 
concern about a potential Ebola outbreak, we were able to go back and work with our OMB Director, Mick Mulvaney, who worked really closely with us to make sure that this bill was put together properly to address what the President wanted, while also making sure that we were able to respond to any potential Ebola crisis. I especially want to thank my colleagues JEFF FORTENBERRY and General DONBACON from Nebraska for making sure that we will, with this bill’s passage, still be able to respond to any possible Ebola outbreak. Hopefully, we don’t have one, but we will be prepared in that event thanks to the hard work of Congressmen FORTEN BERRY and B ACON . So, overall, Mr. Speaker, this is an important bill to help us reduce the deficit, keep our fiscal house in order, while properly funding those programs like CHIP that were so important to so many of us who did vote for it. I am glad that my colleagues who voted against it are now realizing it is an important program. Maybe they will support it next time. But, in the meantime, I encourage all of my colleagues to vote for this bill, and then I further encourage the Senate to take this bill up quickly because it only requires 51 votes to pass, not 60. I would urge full passage. Let’s get this on the President’s desk. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. But the gentleman hasn’t told us that the money they take from CHIP is not going into programs for children. It is going back to the Treasury, so we will take a look at cuts to Head Start, maternal child health programs, childhood immunization, newborn screening, child lead poisoning prevention, and many others. Tell the whole story. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ), the ranking member of the Appropriations Committee. b1430 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, it is outrageous that we are beginning this appropriations season by debating President Trump’s rescissions bill, which fails the American people, hurts children and families, and injects needless partisanship into Congress’ important appropriations work. First and foremost, this bill fails the American people by eliminating funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program. Just months after exploding annual deficits, to the tune of $1.5 trillion, and lavishing massive tax breaks to big corporations with their tax scam, Republicans are now proposing to make children and families pay with a $7 billion cut from CHIP. Targeting CHIP for a rescission prevents Congress from reinvesting in other priorities like child and maternal health, early childhood education, biomedical research, and our community health centers. Additionally, the nearly $15 billion in rescissions cut numerous efforts to create jobs, grow our economy, and strengthen our communities. It cuts funding for the Economic Development Administration and for community development financial institutions, both of which create jobs in rural areas and distressed communities. Treasury was prepared to announce 114 awards from CDFI’s Bank Enterprise Award Program. This isn’t merely spring cleaning by sweeping old funding up under the rug that would never be spent; it is taking investments away from local communities. It slashes billions of dollars from Federal loan programs that foster innovation and create cleanenergy jobs. Eight projects are in the pipeline through the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, two of which would create 2,400 manufacturing jobs and an $890 million investment in Ohio, Indiana, and Illinois. The Republican raw deal would rescind these funds and prevent economic growth. I am also profoundly disappointed that Republicans are willing to bring forward legislation that undermines 2 years of bipartisan spending agreements. This bill includes cuts to funding that was appropriated under the fiscal year 2017 omnibus, which was negotiated just over a year ago. And it reneges on the bipartisan budget agreement from February by further restricting CHIP amounts that could be reinvested in future years. Upending bipartisan agreements poisons the well and makes future negotiations more difficult. Finally, I must express my strong objection to the rushed process by which Republicans have considered this rescissions bill. The White House submitted its final version of the rescissions bill less than 48 hours ago. We have had no hearings, no markups, or even any debate at all on this bill in the Appropriations Committee, and we are considering it with no opportunity to debate the merits of each of these rescissions on their own. Mr. Speaker, this is not regular order, and, frankly, it is no way to make such a consequential decision. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentlewoman from New York. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, instead of rubberstamping President Trump’s rescissions package, Congress should conduct rigorous oversight to determine why the TrumpPence administration has not spent these funds, even as they misspend tax dollars on firstclass flights, fountain pens, and luxury dining sets. Spending cuts that hurt American families should be carefully considered, not rushed through to score political points or help the majority’s whip count on other bills. I urge Members to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. GRANGER ), the chairman of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Defense. Ms. GRANGER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 3, the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. We must always be careful stewards of the taxpayers’ hardearned money. That is why I was proud to sign on as an original cosponsor of President Trump’s rescission package. As a senior member of the House Appropriations Committee, I understand more than most that President Trump’s proposal rescinding nearly $15 billion is necessary. It is common sense that money sitting in Federal coffers and not being spent should be returned to the Treasury. This bill is a welcome step to cut wasteful spending and will restore fiscal sanity to Washington. Importantly, the rescissions package on the floor today no longer rescinds Ebola funding. Sadly, that horrible disease has recently returned to the Democratic Republic of the Congo. It also no longer rescinds funding for Hurricane Sandy victims. I hope the Senate will pass this bill as soon as possible so that the President can sign these historic spending cuts into law. I urge all Members to support this commonsense proposal. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ), the ranking member of the Appropriations Subcommittee on Agriculture. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to the proposed rescission package, the socalled Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. I do not think these are unnecessary programs. They are vital programs, and our rural communities all across America rely upon them. For example, the administration is proposing a rescission of $37 million to the Rural Development Water and Waste Disposal Loan and Grant Program at USDA. This program provides funding for clean and reliable drinking water systems, sanitary sewage disposal, sanitary solid waste disposal, and stormwater drainage to households and businesses in rural areas. With all due respect, that does not seem unnecessary to me. In fact, we in Congress provided a special appropriation of $500 million for this program in fiscal year 2017, in addition to regular program funds, to begin to address the backlog in this program. Even after the 2017 bill was enacted, the National Rural Water Association estimated there was a remaining backlog of more than $2 billion. This rescission will only push us back down the hill in our efforts to address the needs for clean water and wastewater disposal in rural areas. This package also takes away nearly $15 million from the ValueAdded Agricultural Product Market Development 
Grant program; $40 million from the Rural Housing Service rental assistance program; $14.7 million from the Rural Cooperative Development Grant program; and $147 million from the Farm and Ranch Lands Protection Program. And that just names a few. There are even more cuts across agriculture, rural development, energy, and conservation programs. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, in total, the rescission is more than $15 billion. I cannot emphasize enough how much this bill will hurt our farmers, our ranchers, and all those who live in rural America. I ask my colleagues to join me in standing up for rural communities by rejecting this unconscionable rescission bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE), the chairman of the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman very much for yielding. Originally, I have to say, I was skeptical when the administration raised the idea of rescissions, not because I am against saving money—I think we need to do a lot more of that around here—but because I thought this might undo the bipartisan agreement that the administration and our leadership had negotiated. Frankly, this bill does nothing of the kind. And I want to compliment the President and OMB Director Mick Mulvaney, our former colleague, for using a tool that has not been used in 20 years. They did the right thing. They did it in the right way. This is the largest rescission package ever in the history of Congress. It will save almost $15 billion. But where are those savings coming from? They are coming from funds that we, frankly, didn’t use or we overappropriated. My friends talk a lot about CHIP. The authorization for $5 billion of that money ran out. You can’t even legally spend it. Why would you leave it in the account? Another $2 billion is taken from an account for when States go beyond their spending limits. We have never spent more than $350 million of that money, and we actually left $500 million in the account. Why not reclaim the savings and return them to the Treasury? You can go on and on. There was $4.3 billion for the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program that nobody has applied for or has not been used since 2011. Again, there is example after example. It is a wise thing to reclaim unused money and spending authority and return it to the Treasury of the United States. I am very proud to cosponsor the legislation. I am very supportive of it and would urge its passage. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RYAN), the ranking member of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Subcommittee. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman. I have a lot of respect for my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. I do wonder sometimes if we are living in the same country, because when I look at a package like this, I look at the general philosophy over the course of the last year and a half, with the tax cuts that will at the end of the day cost our country $2.3 trillion—that money we are borrowing. And we are going to borrow a lot of that money from China, Mr. Speaker. And they are going to get interest on that money, and China is reinvesting back into their country. They are building islands in the South China Sea. They are building bases in Africa. They are making investments in wind, solar, batterypowered cars, AI, additive manufacturing. They are moving and shaking around the globe. And we gave a $2.3 trillion tax cut, which we saw just last month $200 billion of it went for stock buybacks. Apple got it, put $100 billion back into stock buybacks. Who is investing in this country now? That is the main issue that we are talking about—yes, batterypowered cars; yes, Economic Development Administration; yes, rural issues that the gentleman from Georgia just talked about. College costs are going up. We need more STEM people graduating from our colleges. We are not a healthy country. And in this bill we are going to take kids off of their healthcare, disinvestment in economic development. And our country is getting left behind the global economy. You could talk about low unemployment all you want. The anxiety level in our country has not gone down. You could talk about the stock market all you want. Sixtysix percent of the people in this country make less than $40,000 a year. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Ohio. Mr. RYAN of OHIO. Mr. Speaker, we have 50some percent of the people in this country who can’t withstand a $500 emergency. Our pension system is collapsing. Our financial aid system is collapsing. We have got to make a decision to reinvest back in this country. And the Republican leadership here is disinvesting in the United States. We are seeing it with the stock buybacks, we are seeing it with the tax cut, and now we are seeing it with the rescissions package. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. GRAVES ), the chairman of the Financial Services and General Government Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. GRAVES of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the majority leader, Mr. MCCARTHY , for his leadership in shepherding the largest spendingcut package through the House on behalf of President Trump. b1445 This is a remarkable package. Getting back to the topic at hand, this is about taking back money, or rescinding money, that will not be spent, $15 billion of unnecessary spending. This is an important step to getting our fiscal house in order. Now, I note that every dollar in this package either can’t or won’t be spent at all. Regardless of what you might hear from the other side of the aisle, this is money that just will not be spent for the purposes for which it was originally budgeted. Now, when I think about where we are today and I think about this package and I hear the arguments that just preceded mine, I don’t understand why they wouldn’t support saving some additional money and putting a downpayment here on our deficit. For example, this bill cuts $4.3 billion from the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, which has only made five loans—that is five—since 2007 and has been untouched since 2011. That is 7 years ago. It is a dormant fund with $4 billion in it, but the other side rejects taking that back and using it elsewhere. This is just good government; rescinding these funds is good government. And it is a signal to the American people that President Trump and congressional Republicans are serious about getting our house in order and protecting our kids and our grandkids from this unsustainable and outofcontrol national debt. To that point, another step we are taking with the President’s example in leadership here today is a fund we have created in the Financial Services bill, in which I chair. It is a fund for America’s kids and grandkids, and we are putting additional savings in it. We have put $585 million into this fund. It is a 2
1⁄2percent cut from our spending level. We are sending a signal to the American people that just because we can spend it doesn’t mean we have to spend it. So, today, here, with this $15 billion and what we are doing here in the next couple of weeks, I look forward to getting my bill across as well and continuing on the progress we have here today. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), who is the Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, first, let me say I heard the gentleman from 
Georgia’s argument that this money wasn’t needed. I heard that argument a month ago; Ebola money was not needed. Guess what? Ebola money was needed. I rise in opposition to this rescission bill, Mr. Speaker, which I think is a sham, period. It is a shameless attempt by the majority to gloss over the tremendous deficits that have been incurred by its tax law. Republicans are hoping they can fool the American people with a pretense of phony fiscal responsibility, but the American people can see right through it. They can see more than $1 trillion a year in deficits for the next decade and a future for our children and grandchildren mired in debt. And for what? To give tax breaks to the wealthiest while raising taxes on many in the middle class. We have before us, Mr. Speaker, a bill that the majority hopes will make it appear fiscally responsible. But the CBO says it would just save over $1 billion. Now, that is a lot of money, but guess what? In the next bill, without any committee hearing, the majority has added $1 billion. So they have already spent their savings of outlays of $1 billion. The CBO says that it would save just over that amount, compared to the $1.8 trillion deficits that Republicans incurred with their tax laws. I wonder if the majority intends to bring another 1,800 bills to this floor just like this one, because that is what it would take to make up for the tax bill they passed without a single hearing and without any citizens having the opportunity to testify. In fact, this bill rescinds less funding than Republicans just added, as I just said, to their Military Construction bill without a single vote being cast in the full Appropriations Committee, Mr. Speaker. But this bill is also dangerous and irresponsible for another reason. It is based on the glib assertion that these funds will never be used and no one will be hurt if they are taken away. But we have already seen that to be a false promise. The previous package, as I just said, cut funding to combat Ebola. I was told by the majority leader that we don’t need those funds, which Republicans, however, now admit is very necessary to protect public health. The same goes for children’s health, I would suggest to you. Just because we haven’t used these funds yet does not mean they won’t be needed. It is a contingency to make sure that children aren’t left out in the cold. Oppose this rescission package. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. WOMACK ), who is the chairman of the Budget Committee. Mr. WOMACK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for the time. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this commonsense request from President Trump to responsibly rein in wasteful government spending. While the budgetary rescissions tool has not been utilized by the White House for some time, the President’s decision to use this approach today should be commended. It importantly sheds light on the need for fiscal responsibility. The amount of this proposed rescission should also help us scale the challenge that is before us. Today, Mr. Speaker, the Nation’s debt is in excess of $21 trillion. And that is not a stagnant figure; it is rapidly growing. It has grown in the short time that I have been at this microphone. This process helps us in Congress confront wasteful spending and draw back unspent funds on the discretionary side of our budget. However, in order to slow down spending and actually have a chance at paying down any debt, we have to acknowledge what is actually driving the majority of this spending. For years, Mr. Speaker, spending on mandatory programs has been on autopilot. It grows unchecked every year. Unsurprisingly, mandatory spending, including interest on the national debt, comprises the largest share of Federal spending. It might surprise a lot of people who listen to this program or read these remarks that, in the pie of Federal spending, mandatory spending accounts for 70 percent of that amount. Without reform, in the next 10 years, it will grow to nearly 80 percent of all Federal spending. Make no mistake, Mr. Speaker: There is a critical need for mandatory programs and the benefits they provide for vulnerable people. But unless we come up with real solutions, safety net programs like Social Security and Medicare will cease to exist. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Arkansas an additional 30 seconds. Mr. WOMACK. So programs like Social Security and Medicare that people rely on now and those that they will rely on in the future will see those benefits quickly dwindle, CBO says, as early as 2026. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this modest effort on the discretionary side, but I caution that a sustainable and prosperous fiscal future is contingent on addressing the mandatory side of spending. The longer Congress takes, the more difficult those decisions will be. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), who is the ranking member of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3 today, particularly because it is incredibly deceptive. The TrumpGOP rescissions measure manages to have Republicans bundle their most damaging and misguided budget priorities into one badly flawed bill. For starters, the deception includes the ludicrous notion that all the money that is being repealed and pulled back wouldn’t be used otherwise. This bill eliminates billions of dollars in funding for children’s health insurance, which will prevent Congress from making smart, compassionate reinvestments in biomedical research and other child and maternal community health programs, which we could do if this bill were not here on the floor being forced down our throats. What is worse is this bill cuts job creation funds while millions of families in rural and distressed communities struggle to make ends meet. But this reckless rescission stunt doesn’t stop there. It includes additional cuts to the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation and cuts badly needed funds for rural water programs. Just to prove that no sector is spared, it also cuts transportation improvements in rural Appalachia and national and community service programs, as well as funding for energy efficiency and advanced technology loan programs that we know are surefire job creators. Neglecting these health, energy, and job needs is a policy failure on all fronts. This rescissions bill ignores families struggling to put food on the table tonight. It neglects to make smart reinvestments that would benefit workers and taxpayers in the coming months and years ahead. And it shamelessly pretends to put this Nation’s fiscal house in order, while still leaving future generations saddled with crushing debt. It is rich that Republicans are suggesting that they are protectors of our deficit when they pushed through into law a tax scam bill that added more than $1.5 trillion to our annual deficits and that gives massive handouts to corporations and the wealthy. Budgets are a financial expression of our values, and this Trump rescissions bill just confirms that Republicans care more about the wealthiest among us while the rest of America must fend for itself. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), who is the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I was in small business for 21 years. My wife and I were smallbusiness owners and operators and had to meet a bottom line and pay the bills and all. I know our Speaker was in the accounting world. To me, this is basic accounting and a small business sort of set of principles. You have money there that can’t be spent because it is no longer authorized to be spent. Much of it is being just accumulated. And then somebody comes 
in the backdoor and maybe tries to grab a little here and there and spend it on things it is not authorized for or whatever. But the long and the short of it is that I can speak specifically to the Children’s Health Insurance Program, because I have been a big advocate for it. I have voted for it every time it has been up. As chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, I led the effort to not only fully fund children’s health insurance for 5 years, but then we were able to do it for 6 years. And, at the end, the package that was sent down to President Trump that he signed into law fully funded children’s health insurance for 10 years. That is double the length of time that had ever been done before. In my own State, that is 122,700 children and moms who are going to get coverage for health insurance. There is now certainty in this program, more than in its entire history—double the certainty. So that resulted in some funds that were left behind that have been used when we get up against these cliffs and States maybe had overpayments here or there. They needed all this sort of emergency funding, and then there were some other programs, none of which is needed now because we brought certainty to the Children’s Health Insurance Program, the longest extension in its history—10 years. So the authority to use some of these funds expired last year. The authority expired last year. You can’t spend it. The remainder of these funds simply aren’t necessary, and they sit unused in a contingency fund that has an ample balance. There has been a question about would this affect enrollment, would this affect beneficiaries. We asked the nonpartisan Congressional Budget Office that question, and they said, ‘‘CBO estimates that rescinding the unobligated balances would reduce the budget authority by $7 billion but would not affect outlays or the number of individuals with insurance coverage.’’ They also say that it does not affect what happens with the States. That is because we did our work. We did our work. Republicans led on this issue time and again. And it is now law. So the Children’s Health Insurance Program is fully funded, and kids will have access to insurance and other coverage that extends 10 years. So what we are doing here is taking surplus money that can’t be spent on these programs anymore and is not authorized to be spent on these programs anymore and applying it toward deficit reduction. The lifeline remains strong under this rescissions program. This is just good business practices, and I think it is really important to do. By the way, the other Republican proposals we have passed in this House have resulted in one of the strongest economies in modern history and 1 million new jobs since the tax cuts took effect. Mr. Speaker, this is a good process. This is fiscally responsible. I urge passage. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. POCAN ), who is a member of the Appropriations Committee. Mr. POCAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to speak on the cuts to programs for working families that House Republicans seek to pass today. Earlier this year, Congress did something responsible when it rejected President Trump’s budget request to make devastating cuts to programs on which many Americans rely. Congress came together to make an investment in American communities and solve some pressing issues with an agreement by Democrats and Republicans. However, these cuts today suddenly go back on that agreement, with a rescissions package that will hurt working families—all because they are saying that government is spending too much money. Republicans caused that problem last year when they were grossly irresponsible and passed the GOP tax scam, a multitrilliondollar giveaway to their donors, billionaires, and big corporations that they falsely sold as middle class tax relief. The majority’s decision to blow a hole in the deficit and balloon our Nation’s debt did very little to benefit working families, with 83 percent of the benefits going to the top 1 percent. b1500 The Republican rescissions package will hurt the American people and make $7 billion in cuts to children’s health insurance, $800 million in cuts to the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation, and $40 million to rural housing programs, just to name a few. While GOP donors, millionaires, billionaires, big corporations, and members of MaraLago still get their gift of tax cuts in the GOP tax scam, Republicans are committed to taking away what little they gave hardworking American families. That is apparently the priority of the majority Republican Party today. With actions like this, they will likely be the minority party of tomorrow. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCARTHY ), the majority leader of the House. Mr. MCCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. We are approaching the end of spring, but there is still enough time for a good spring cleaning. For families, that may mean doing yard work, cleaning out a closet, or maybe even giving unused items to charity. For Congress, it means tackling longoverdue budgetary spring cleaning. There are billions and billions of taxpayer dollars originally set up to fund different programs and projects that cannot or will not be used for their intended purpose. Tonight, the House will do something about it. We will take a first step in cleaning up the Federal Government’s accounts by voting on the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. We aren’t talking about taking spare change here. We are talking about something more than just that. Tonight, we have the opportunity to return $15 billion, with a B, to the Treasury. As Members, we are charged with being good stewards of taxpayer money. Mr. Speaker, it is a responsibility we all have and claimed on this floor many times. It shouldn’t be a partisan exercise. Historically, it hasn’t been. Mr. Speaker, you can look at many Members who have been here for quite some time. Congress accepted 214 of Ronald Reagan’s rescissions. The majority party on the floor was different than it is today. It accepted 111 of Bill Clinton’s rescissions. President Trump’s spending cut request is a straightforward and smart way to trim a bloated Federal budget. So, where do these savings come from, I know many of you might ask. Have you ever heard of the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program? It is an Obamaera subsidy program to greencar companies like Fisker Automotive, which defaulted on its $192 million loan. Just think Solyndra, but for luxury cars. This failed subsidy program hasn’t issued a loan since 2011. Mr. Speaker, that is 7 years ago. Yet, it has $4.33 billion sitting unused in an account. Can any Member think of a good reason why that money should continue sitting in that account, where it cannot and will not be used or just be wasted on another nonrelated government program? I would really love to hear the reason, but I doubt one will be coming. So, what else does this bill clean up? It also brings back expired funds from CHIP. Before anyone claims Republicans are cutting CHIP funding, which is children’s health insurance, Mr. Speaker, we debated this on the floor many times this year where one side of the aisle, the majority, passed it. Not only did they pass it while the other side in the minority, Mr. Speaker, voted against it, we passed it and made history. How did we make history? We signed the longest reauthorization of CHIP, guaranteeing its funding for 10 years, a full decade. A full decade, Mr. Speaker, Members of this floor had the opportunity to vote for it. Unfortunately, it wasn’t one time, Mr. Speaker, that the other side voted no, and it wasn’t just two times. But, thankfully, Mr. Speaker, for all the children across America that use this program, Republicans were able to reauthorize it for 10 years—a decade— the longest ever. Republicans have made sure that CHIP isn’t going anywhere. We have removed any uncertainty about the stability of the funding of that program. 
The funds we are rescinding tonight were appropriated long ago and will not be used for their intended purpose now. In fact, Mr. Speaker, Democrats voted to rescind those exact CHIP funds just 2 months ago. They know they can’t be used for their intended purpose. I would like to remind my colleagues that the minority whip said he would not oppose ‘‘money laying in an account that has not been spent for 1, 2, 3 years.’’ He even called it ‘‘a reasonable thing to do.’’ So instead of partisan rhetoric and doomsday speeches, let’s see this bill for what it really is: a smart approach to cleaning up unused accounts in the Federal budget, which has been done many times before under President Clinton and President Reagan. Before tonight’s vote, each and every Member of the House should consider this question: If this body cannot be trusted to reclaim money that will not or cannot be used for its intended purpose, can we really be trusted to save money anywhere else? Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD letters of opposition from First Focus Campaign for Children, the National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition, Committee for Education Funding, National Housing Conference, Service Employees International Union, faith organizations, and other national organizations. 
FIRST FOCUS CAMPAIGN FOR CHILDREN , Washington, DC, June 7, 2018. DEARREPRESENTATIVE : I am writing on behalf of First Focus Campaign for Children, a bipartisan national organization dedicated to improving the health and wellbeing of our nation’s children, to express our strong opposition to H.R. 3, the socalled ‘‘Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act.’’ Unfortunately, the proposed rescission of $15 billion in spending authority included in H.R. 3 targets children in about half of all the cuts. Moreover, of all the thousands of programs in hundreds of departments and agencies across the federal government, the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP), which just went through a nearly twoyear reauthorization process that was finally passed more than four months past its expiration date, is targeted for more than $7 billion of the proposed cuts. Over the twodecade history of CHIP, it has—in tandem with Medicaid and private health insurance—cut the uninsured rate for children by more than twothirds. During this recent reauthorization process, a nationwide poll conducted by the Kaiser Family Foundation found that 88 percent of Americans felt that Congress should make the extension of CHIP funding a top priority. The program has always had strong bipartisan support, as it did this year. CHIP is financed as a block grant, which means that its funding is arbitrarily capped and fails to adjust to changes in unforeseen or unanticipated need, such as economic recessions, epidemics, changes in funding to the program to improve access to care, or natural disasters. Consequently, in the early years of CHIP, the program faced some difficult moments whereby some states imposed waiting lists and enrollment freezes when federal funding failed to meet the needs of children. Those indefinite waiting lists and enrollment freezes were imposed without regard to disability or need, including children with cancer, cystic fibrosis, severe asthma, and other lifethreatening or severe conditions. In recognition of the fact that waiting periods and enrollment freezes were threatening the lives and wellbeing of children, Congress revamped CHIP’s financing in a number of ways, including the creation of CHIP’s Child Enrollment Contingency Fund in 2009. The CHIP contingency fund is set at 20 percent of overall CHIP spending and acts as a critically important backstop that protects against unforeseen or unanticipated federal funding shortfalls that threaten the health of children. During the lengthy twoyear most recent bipartisan reauthorization of CHIP that culminated in a sixyear extension and a subsequent addition of four more years for a total of 10 years, there was no discussion or debate about changing the CHIP Child Enrollment Contingency Fund, as it has worked to protect the health of children. And yet, the Administration is now proposing and Congress is considering H.R. 3, which would slash the CHIP contingency fund by $1.9 billion, or nearly 80 percent, and undermine its very purpose. In making this proposal that targets CHIP for the bulk of its proposed cuts, the Administration argues that the contingency fund ‘‘will likely not be spent’’ and points to the Congressional Budget Office (CBO) score that the cut doesn’t save any money as confirmation that it probably won’t be harmful to children. And yet, during the lengthy CHIP reauthorization process, the Administration never proposed slashing the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund from 20 percent of the allotments to just 3–4 percent, as the rescission would do. Even worse, the proposed rescission of the contingency fund fundamentally fails to understand the very purpose of a contingency that, by definition, is ‘‘a future event or circumstance that is possible but cannot be predicted with certainty.’’ Neither the Administration nor CBO can guarantee that there will not be an economic recession, a health epidemic like Zika, or a natural disaster, which are all more likely during the forthcoming summer months. In fact, CBO doesn’t ‘‘score’’ such events for that very reason. As a result, the proposed rescission or raid of the CHIP contingency fund by $1.9 billion, or 80 percent, undermines the very reason for the fund, which is to protect the health coverage of children against unanticipated or unforeseen circumstances, such as hurricanes, tornadoes, or even Hawaii’s currently unanticipated erupting volcano. Another critically important point to make is that the proposed rescission to the CHIP Child Enrollment Contingency Fund would not save money. The contingency fund is set at 20 percent of the overall CHIP allotment each year, so any money raided from the fund this year is automatically restored in the following year. In other words, over a twoyear period, this proposed rescission would not save a single penny because any money raided from the contingency fund this year would be restored in the following year. Consequently, the only effect of the proposed $1.9 billion rescission the CHIP contingency fund would be to needlessly put the health and wellbeing of our nation’s children at risk. In other words, H.R. 3 unnecessarily gambles with the health of our children under the guise that there probably won’t be unanticipated or unforeseen events that might cause a state or states to need to tap into the contingency fund. It is also important to point out that the CHIP extensions, including the CHIP contingency fund, that were passed just a few months ago were fully paid for. In fact, according to CBO, the CHIP reauthorization saved billions of dollars. Therefore, CHIP should not be the target of a rescission package, and yet, it shockingly accounts for 46 percent or almost half of all the proposed reductions in H.R. 3. For these reasons, we stand with more than 500 other national, state, and local organizations from across the country that wrote a letter to Congress in opposition to the CHIP cuts proposed in H.R. 3. As the letter reads, ‘‘The nine million children and families who depend on CHIP have already faced months of uncertainty, when its funding expired before Congress took longoverdue action to extend CHIP funding for ten years. After breathing a short sigh of relief, however, the longterm stability and protection these families fought to ensure is once again in jeopardy. Our organizations urge you to protect children and families, and to reject any proposed cuts to the Children’s Health Insurance Program.’’ Sincerely, BRUCE LESLEY , President. 
OPPOSE ATTEMPT TO RAID THE FARMBILL THROUGH RESCISSIONS  DEARCHRISTIAN : With the introduction of rescission legislation in both the House and Senate, the National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition (NSAC) urges your office to oppose any effort to bring rescission legislation to a vote, and to vote no if such a vote occurs. If the rescission package were to become law it would devastate farm bill conservation and rural development programs. The package, as proposed, would eliminate previously appropriated funding for the Value Added Producer Grant (VAPG) program and cut over $650 million from farm bill conservation programs. The rescissions proposal would strip funding from three different conservation assistance areas: the Environmental Quality Incentives Program (EQIP), Wetlands Reserve Program (WRP), and emergency watershed and flood protection programs, preventing USDA from entering into contracts to support farmer conservation efforts. Cuts to these programs would mean fewer voluntary conservation opportunities for farmers and ranchers who are seeking to improve their operations and be stewards of the land. Farm, conservation, and wildlife organizations across the country voiced strong opposition to the proposed conservation cuts. The proposal to eliminate $15 million from the VAPG program would mean that USDA is able to fund just a fraction of the 379 currently pending applications for business planning and development grants. A recent Economic Research Service report found that VAPG is facilitating job creation and longterm business survivability in rural America. Cuts to the program would mean less economic growth and fewer enterprise development opportunities for farmers and ranchers around the country. For more information on how farmers and rural communities would be impacted by this rescission package, please see our recent blog on the topic. Sincerely, GREGFOGEL , Policy Director, National Sustainable Agriculture Coalition. 
COMMITTEE FOR  EDUCATION FUNDING , Washington, DC, May 14, 2018. Hon. RICHARD SHELBY , Chairman, Senate Appropriations Committee, Washington, DC. Hon. RODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN , Chairman, House Appropriations Committee, Washington, DC. DEAR CHAIRMEN SHELBY AND FRELING HUYSEN : On behalf of the 110 national education organizations and institutions that are members of the Committee for Education Funding (CEF), we write to urge you to reject the Administration’s proposal to rescind $15.4 billion that Congress has already approved. The rescission package will cut $7 billion that would otherwise be available for education programs and other services funded through the LaborHHSEducation appropriations bill for fiscal year 2019. The rescission package also rescinds funding for educational awards for AmeriCorps volunteers who have completed their terms of service. CEF is also very concerned that the Administration has announced its intention to submit additional proposals to rescind funding Congress just enacted for fiscal year 2018, undermining bipartisan support to make and keep its agreement to raise the level of non defense discretionary funding. 
Congress and the Administration approved increases in the spending caps for fiscal years 2018 and 2019 with the understanding of the needs facing the nation and with the intention to use the available resources to meet them. Congress regularly rescinds funding that is not ultimately needed for the programs it has enacted, and then reinvests the savings in other programs serving similar needs in the same funding bill. Enacting large rescissions outside of the regular appropriations process—one that is well underway already for fiscal year 2019—not only reduces the resources available to appropriators but also reduces flexibility to reprogram funding as needed. CEF, the nation’s oldest and largest education coalition, is a nonpartisan organization reflecting the entire continuum of the education community. Our longterm ‘‘5¢ Makes Sense’’ campaign supports the goal of increasing education investments from the current two percent of the federal budget to five cents on the federal dollar. CEF urges Congress to reject proposals to rescind funding provided through bipartisan negotiations, and to instead continue efforts to wisely invest resources where they are most needed, including for education programs, which are still below the fiscal year 2011 level when adjusted for inflation. 
Sincerely, JEFFCARTER , President. SHERYL COHEN , Executive Director. NATIONAL HOUSING CONFERENCE , Washington, DC, May 21, 2018. Hon. MITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. CHARLES SCHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , M INORITY LEADER SCHUMER , SPEAKER RYAN AND  MINORITY LEADER PELOSI : The National Housing Conference and the undersigned organizations write to you to express our strong opposition to the rescission proposal from the White House and Office of Management and Budget (OMB). The package requests over $234 million in rescissions from housing and community development programs including the U.S. Department of Housing and Urban Development’s (HUD) Public Housing Capital Fund, the U.S. Department of the Treasury’s (Treasury) Capital Magnet Fund and the U.S. Department of Agriculture’s (USDA) Rental Assistance program and Rural Community Facilities program. According to a recent HUD study, the public housing capital backlog reached $26 billion in 2010 and has grown by approximately $3.4 billion per year. Assuming a continued growth of $3.4 billion per year, the current estimated capital backlog is over $50 billion. Public housing capital funds are awarded slowly as contracts are negotiated and work is completed. Public housing agencies are able to save their capital funds over three years in order to pay for more expensive projects like new roofs that they would otherwise not be able to afford from a single year’s allocation. The rescission would also impact funding for Resident Opportunities and SelfSufficiency grants and the Jobs Plus grants, including a complete elimination of all JobsPlus grants for FY 2017. These are critical grant programs that allow residents of public housing to work toward increased selfsufficiency, something in which the administration has expressed great interest. Rescinding over $31 million from a program with such dire needs jeopardizes the initial investment made by taxpayers to build public housing as well as the residents who live in public housing. Ultimately, it is ‘‘pennywise, poundfoolish.’’ Treasury’s Capital Magnet Fund has a proven track record of success. The 2010 awardees of the Capital Magnet Fund leveraged over $20 for every $1 of public funding to create more than 13,300 affordable homes, far beyond the required 10.1 leverage ratio. The Capital Magnet Fund is funded through a fee assessed on Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac business, not taxpayer dollars. The $151 million proposed for rescission was only made available to the Treasury on May 1, 2018, and will most likely be spent before the end of the calendar year, providing it is not rescinded. The Capital Magnet Fund has created thousands of jobs and provides much needed affordable housing throughout the country. USDA’s Rental Assistance and Rural Community Facilities programs provide access to housing and essential community facilities such as police stations and medical clinics. Combined, the administration proposes rescinding $31 million from these accounts. Through a publicprivate partnership with landlords, USDA’s rental assistance funding ensures that lowincome renters in rural America have access to an affordable home. The FY 2017 spending bill specifically appropriated $40 million to be spent in FY 2018. The patchwork of continuing resolutions that Congress has passed to fund the federal government has made it difficult for USDA to renew contracts with private landlords in the rental assistance program. In response, Congress has decided to future fund the account to help alleviate the contract renewal process. OMB cites the fact that as of the beginning of FY 2018 on October 1, 2017, there was $40 million left in the account. It is premature, at best to determine as of October 1, 2017, that those funds have gone unspent and are therefore unneeded. The proposed rescissions will do little to reduce the national debt while doing significant damage to people and communities throughout America. We ask that you reject the proposed rescissions from these programs and to do so in a timely manner so that the agencies can continue to manage their budgets responsibly. If Congress does not vote to reject the rescissions, these accounts will be frozen for 45 legislative days, which will create damaging disruptions well into the fall. Sincerely, AHC, Inc.; American Association of Service Coordinators; Atlanta Neighborhood Development Partnership, Inc.; Bodaken & Associates; Charleston Housing Authority; Cinnaire; Citizen Potawatomi Community Development Corporation; Citizens’ Housing and Planning Association; Clarksville Housing Authority, Arkansas; Coalition on Homelessness and Housing in Ohio; Consumer Mortgage Coalition; Cook County, Illinois; County of Butler, Pennsylvania; Crowell Housing Authority, Texas; Curtis + Ginsberg Architects LLP; Dover Housing Authority, Arkansas; Economic Mobility Pathways, Inc.; Enterprise Community Partners; Habitat for Humanity International; Habitat for Humanity of Champaign County, Illinois. HAI Group; Housing Development Corporation MidAtlantic; Housing Assistance Council; Housing Authority of Cook County, Illinois; Housing Authority of Indiana County, Pennsylvania; Housing Authority of St. Mary’s County, Maryland; Housing Authority of the City of Brownsville, Texas; Housing Authority of the City of Columbia, Missouri; Housing Authority of the County of Beaver, Pennsylvania; Housing Authority of the County of Warren, Pennsylvania; Housing Merit; Housing Partnership Network; IDP Housing, LP; Janis Smith Executive Communications, LLC; Jo Daviess County Housing Authority, Illinois; Lemle & Wolff, Inc.; Leviticus Fund; LINC Housing Corporation; Local Initiatives Support Corporation; Make Room. National Affordable Housing Management Association; National Association of Affordable Housing Lenders; National Development Council; National Housing Conference; National Housing and Rehabilitation Association; National Housing Trust; Network for Oregon Affordable Housing; New York Housing Conference; New York State Rural Housing Coalition, Inc.; Opportunity Finance Network; Pennsylvania Association of Housing & Redevelopment Agencies; Piedmont Housing Alliance; Prosperity Indiana; Public And Affordable Housing Research Corporation; Public Housing Authorities Directors Association. Philadelphia Housing Authority; Preservation of Affordable Housing, Inc.; Rebuilding Together, Inc.; Redevelopment Authority of Somerset County, Pennsylvania; Rural Ulster Preservation Company; Seasoned Partners; Selfhelp Community Services; Somerset Development Company; Springfield Housing Authority, Illinois; Stewards of Affordable Housing for the Future; The Community Builders; University Neighborhood Housing Program; WilkesBarre Housing Authority, Pennsylvania; York Housing Authority, Pennsylvania. 
SEIU, Washington, DC, June 7, 2018. DEARREPRESENTATIVE : On behalf of the 2 million members of the Service Employees International Union (‘‘SEIU’’), I write to oppose H.R. 3, the legislation that would violate the bipartisan funding agreement and compromise reached as part of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018. In what appears to be a continuing escalation of a war on families and children by the Administration and Congressional Republicans, H.R. 3 will result in cuts in investments in health, housing, job, and other supportive services that are vital to our communities around the country. Perhaps most disturbing is that this package raids funding that could be used to provide health and other essentials for working families and children in the name of so called ‘‘fiscal responsibility,’’ even though those supporting these cuts passed a $1.5 trillion tax cut that mostly benefits corporations and the wealthy. A significant portion of the cuts included in H.R. 3 are from the Children’s Health Insurance Program (‘‘CHIP’’), which helps kids get the healthcare they need. Some of these funds make sure that states have enough resources to provide care in case of emergencies that may create increased CHIP enrollment; for example, natural disasters— like hurricanes, wildfires, and volcanic eruptions—economic downturns, public health epidemics or other unexpected events. In addition, the funding in question also supports investments in other services and programs that are vital to our local communities’ economies and social infrastructure. Furthermore, H.R. 3 eliminates $800 million from the Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation (‘‘CMMI’’), which is tasked with developing models that improve the quality of care for Americans, undermining efforts to improve systematic efficiencies without harming patients. Unfortunately, it is not surprising that a Congress and Administration so intent on sabotaging US healthcare is now trying to use money designated for health and other supports for our communities to offset the windfall for corporations included in the tax bill. In addition, this bill breaks the agreement reached in the Bipartisan Budget Act. If those in Congress cannot trust the promises and agreements they make to each other and break the commitments that they make to Americans, it is no wonder that the public has such low confidence in the institution. Americans have been demanding that Congress work together across party lines, and after passing a landmark budget agreement with both Republican and Democratic support, some have retreated to partisandriven policy making. H.R. 3 demonstrates that the Administration and congressional leadership are unable to negotiate in good faith, putting at risk future deal making and potentially bringing our legislative system to a standstill at the expense of our futures. For these reasons, we urge you to oppose H.R. 3. We may add votes on this legislation to our legislative scorecard. Sincerely, JOHNGRAY, Legislative Director. 
JUNE6, 2018. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE DELAURO : We, the undersigned 18 organizations, representing various religious denominations, urge you to vote NO on H.R. 3, the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. As currently written, this measure contains a harmful provision that would rescind $7 billion in funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program (‘‘CHIP’’). As people of faith we believe that healthcare is a human right and that care for children is a sacred responsibility. If enacted, this rescission to CHIP would threaten the health and well being of the 9 million children who utilize the program every year. We are especially concerned with the $2 billion in cut, to the CHIP contingency fund. This fund has consistently been used in times of economic downturn, natural disaster, and other uncertain times to ensure that children can have access to healthcare. More recently, the fund was used when Congress was unable to pass a CHIP funding bill before individual state funding for the program ran out. If this fund was not available during the reauthorization process last year, thousands of children would have lost healthcare while Congress failed to act. Congress should not take away this vital security measure for the health of our children. Recent Congressional action to pass a 10 year extension of CHIP was a major success for the 115th Congress, but this risky rescission could undercut the program and undermine this success. CHIP, as it is currently funded, is projected to decrease the deficit by $6 billion over 10 years. The health of our children is too important to be used as additional means to pay down the deficit. It is especially relevant to protect our children from additional cuts after the passage of the tax bill provided enormous benefits to the wealthy and large corporations while adding over $1.7 trillion to the deficit. Children must not pay for the enrichment of the wealthiest in our nation. CHIP has enjoyed bipartisan support and success for more than 20 years. It has proven to be an effective investment in the health of our children and should be protected and supported. Our faith traditions teach us to protect the most vulnerable people, especially children. We believe that a rescissions package that threatens to take healthcare away from children does not live up to our moral obligation. We urge you reject and refuse a vote on H.R. 3, until and unless these harmful CHIP cuts are removed. Sincerely, American Muslim Health Professionals; Congregation of Our Lady of Charity of the Good Shepherd, US Provinces; Evangelical Lutheran Church in America; Faith in Public Life; Franciscan Action Network; Hadassah, The Women’s Zionist Organization of America, Inc.; Interfaith Worker Justice; National Advocacy Center of the Sisters of the Good Shepherd; National Council of Churches; National Council of Jewish Women; NETWORK Lobby for Catholic Social Justice; Poligon Education Fund; Religious Institute; Union for Reform Judaism; Unitarian Universalist Association; Unitarian Universalists for Social Justice; Unitarian Universalist Women’s Federation; United Methodist Church—General Board of Church and Society. Ms. D ELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT), the ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, 6 months ago, Congress passed a tax cut that cost almost $2 trillion that overwhelmingly benefited corporations and the wealthy. Today, the Republicans are asking struggling children and families to foot the bill. Nearly half of the $15 billion in cuts in the TrumpGOP recessions package targets the Children’s Health Insurance Program, or CHIP. While $7 billion may be a rounding error in the corporate tax cut, eliminating this funding from CHIP will jeopardize its ability to ensure access to healthcare for the children and families who depend on the program every year. The bill contains an 80 percent cut to the CHIP contingency fund. That is particularly shortsighted and dangerous. The need for healthcare assistance is greatest when our Nation experiences unexpected challenges, including recessions, public health emergencies, and national disasters. Hopefully, that money will not be needed, but we should not be stealing from the fund that provides vital care for children and families when their communities are confronted by these unforeseen but inevitable challenges. In addition, the bill also includes cuts to the Corporation for National and Community Service, the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation, health infrastructure, rural water programs, and many other small but important programs that protect our citizens, create jobs, and grow the economy. In an attempt to give taxpayers the illusion of fiscal responsibility, my colleagues have once again revealed their misguided priorities. We should not be paying for the irresponsible tax cuts by making even more reckless cuts to the investments in our future. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ), chairman of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Agriculture Subcommittee of the Committee on Appropriations. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, it is a bit disconcerting to hear a lot of my friends on the other side of the aisle say that any funds left over in the executive branch account should not be returned to the U.S. Treasury, which would reduce Federal borrowing; but instead, Congress should find some way to spend that money. This really, I think, is an indication of the serious problem of overspending that we have here in Washington, a problem that I think so many of our constituents sent us here to address. Mr. Speaker, the Federal Government is running an annual deficit. I think people know that. These repeated annual deficits have combined to create a staggering national debt, which currently stands at more than $21 trillion. These deficits are not free, but costly, because of the interest our country has to pay on these borrowed dollars. Today, with this legislation, we mark a return to a legislative tool that both Republicans and Democrats alike have utilized to clean up accounts that went underutilized. The rescission tool that is being used in this legislation was commonly used in the 1970s, when it was established, all the way through the 1980s and 1990s, as a way to return unused, unobligated tax dollars to the U.S. Treasury. 
To recap, the rescission bill we have before us today returns unspent dollars to the Treasury. Every dollar returned is a dollar that we don’t have to borrow. Every dollar that does not need to be borrowed does not incur interest payments. While I understand there is no perfect bill, this bill is an important step in restoring a measure of fiscal restraint. I am proud to stand with the President to clean up some old accounts and prevent waste as well as abuse. Let me add that some of these accounts are worthwhile, but this is not a debate about individual accounts. This is about doing the necessary steps to clean up the executive branch’s balance sheets. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MITCHELL ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, there have been discussions about whether this line item or that line item might be something to rescind or not. To them, I would point out that we are in the middle of an appropriations process. We can work on these issues and we can address them. It doesn’t mean that they are left off the table. So I stand ready to continue to work with my colleagues as we face the challenges facing this Nation as we continue working on the Appropriations Committee, and I welcome the input of my colleagues as we continue on for FY 2019. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL), the ranking member of the Committee on Ways and Means. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, the majority leader said a couple of moments ago that $15 billion was spare change. Let me tell you what he apparently means by spare change. It means cutting food assistance for working families and taking $7 billion from the Children’s Health Insurance Program. I guess that is spare change. The previous speaker just said he was alarmed at the prospect that on the precipice of borrowing we were now going to cut back on our borrowing capacity as it relates to savings. After the same political party borrowed $2.3 trillion over 10 years to pay for a tax cut for people at the top, the strongest in America. Those are the priorities. The priority is: Let’s cut taxes for the strongest and the wealthiest. And let’s pay for it by taking money from people who need it most in America. We have seen time and again they are more focused on the needs of the wealthiest and the wellconnected. We should be addressing the challenges of the middle class in this session and making sure that they have ample assistance. Now they are after healthcare for children. Now they want to propose $7 billion for their healthcare plan. Let’s be clear: that priority, as long as I have been in this Congress, has been taking care of the strongest and the most powerful at the very top. On January 19, 2001, when Bill Clinton said goodbye to the country, there was a $5.6 trillion surplus. They cut taxes by $1.3 in 2001. They cut taxes again by another $1 trillion in 2003. So there was $2.3 million worth of tax cuts, two wars, a million and half new veterans. The answer to that, of course, was: let’s have more tax cuts. That is precisely what they did with their tax cut plan. There was $2.3 trillion borrowed to provide for a tax cut for people at the very top. They call themselves conservatives. They pronounce that they are disciples of balanced budgets. It has been reckless spending that we have watched them embrace time and again, and this is but another example of that endeavor. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 3, the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. These spending cuts, or rescissions, address the desire by President Trump and many in Congress to begin the long overdue process of reigning in government spending. This package is important because, as an engineer, businessman, and former State treasurer, I know you can’t build a strong economy on debt and borrowed money. Spending money we don’t have on things we don’t need increases our unsustainable $21 trillion national debt and mortgages the future for our kids and grandkids. But reducing the size and scope of government isn’t about budget number, it is about returning freedom and liberty to the American people. It is also common sense. Kansas families have to live within their means. Our Federal Government should be no different. H.R. 3 is a great first step. b1515 Today’s spending cuts will save the taxpayers $15 billion, the largest rescission package since the tool was adopted in 1974, which comes from programs that have expired or can no longer be used. If we don’t pass this rescission bill, it is like leaving cash lying around the kitchen table, the silverware drawer, or in the corner. It may leave the money available for use, but it is a poor way to manage the taxpayers’ dollars. Returning the money to our treasury allows us to make investments in other needed areas without raising taxes or spending money we don’t have. Over the past 2 years, Republicans in Congress have jumpstarted our economy through the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act and slashing government red tape and regulation. This has helped our economy reach the lowest unemployment rate in nearly 20 years. However, now is the time we need to get serious about cutting spending, and today’s vote is a great first step. I look forward to passage of H.R. 3 and to identifying even more ways to cut spending, as well as reforming entitlements and quasientitlements and growing our economy in the future. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ), the chair of the Democratic Caucus. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to the Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act. This bill strips $7 billion from the Children’s Health Insurance Program, CHIP. Mr. Speaker, $7 billion for sick kids. It is really unbelievable if you stop and consider it. Republicans are asking children to pay for their tax break to the rich. This is just another illustration of the GOP’s convoluted priorities. Mr. Speaker, $1.5 trillion goes to corporations and special interests; and when the budget comes up short, Republicans dip into healthcare for children to make up for their recklessness. It doesn’t have to be this way. CHIP was, for decades, a bipartisan piece of legislation because, despite any policy differences we may have or may have had, Democrats and Republicans were always able to come together and agree that CHIP is a fundamentally important program for our Nation. What changed? Where did your consciences go? Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the Republicans want to talk about spending. Let’s talk about the Republican tax cut. It was rigged for the rich. It gave 83 percent of the tax cuts to the wealthiest 1 percent. They raised taxes on 86 million middle class families. It cost $1.5 trillion. We have a staggering national debt. They want to reduce that deficit. Well, then why don’t they go ahead and rescind the money from the tax giveaways to the corporations? The corporations are just using it to buy back stocks and not to raise any wages. What we ought to be doing is reinvesting: create jobs; help children and families, not millionaires and billionaires. If they wanted to do something about the CHIP program, they would have made it permanent or they would take that money and reinvest it in programs that have to do with children, not send it back to the treasury. What they ought to do is to find those resources from their rich donors and others and put them back into where they belong, to the American people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support H.R. 3, and I yield back the balance of my time. 
Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ranking Member LOWEY for yielding and for her tireless leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong opposition to this shameful bill—H.R. 3—that would cut vital lifesaving programs and hurt the American people. Just months after the ink is dry on our nation’s largest tax scam in history—Republicans are balancing their $1.5 trillion deficit on the backs of struggling families. This is a disgrace. This shameful bill eliminates funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) by $7 billion. Mr. Speaker, this bill literally steals health care from the most vulnerable children in America. H.R. 3 also deeply cuts funds for programs that create jobs, help the grow the economy, and lift more families out of poverty, like the Community Development Financial Institution. And, this bill continues Republicans’ assault on the climate change and green energy. By slashing billions of dollars from Energy Efficiency Programs, Republicans are not only hurting our environment, they’re also hurting our economy. I thought Republicans wanted to create jobs, Mr. Speaker? Then why are we voting on a bill that will take jobs away? Mr. Speaker, the American people deserve better. Instead of pulling the rug out from under from the most vulnerable, we should be creating jobs, boosting our economy and lifting more families out of poverty. But this bill does just the opposite. So, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘no’ on this cruel and meanspirited bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as the founder and chair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus and as a mother, I rise in strong opposition to H.R. 3, the ‘‘Spending Cuts to Expired and Unnecessary Programs Act.’’ I oppose this legislation because it would eliminate $7 billion for children’s health insurance without allowing for Congress to reinvest the funds into healthcare services for families and children. I also oppose this bill because it undermines the Bipartisan Budget Agreement we only just passed last year. Instead of wasting time on their partisan agenda, House Republicans should be bringing to the floor legislation that addresses the real challenges facing the American people such as: (1) tax reform; (2) DACA and immigration; (3) restoring the Voting Rights Act; (4) healthcare; (5) and education. Yet here we are rushing through another piece of legislation that will do harm to millions of Americans, mostly children and working families, without proper discussion or deliberation. It is very clear that H.R. 3 has been pushed to the floor today without debate in the Appropriations Committee because of all the harm it will inflict on the American people. H.R. 3 undermines our nation’s ability to improve and promote health, safety and environmental standards and provide muchneeded protections for the American people. But perhaps most deceitful of all are the cuts in funding for the Children’s Health Insurance Program, a program which plays such a critical role in our nation’s health care system. Together, CHIP and Medicaid cover 39 percent of children in the United States. This is over 9 billion children, whose lives the opposition has decided to quit investing in. When CHIP was first passed in Congress over two decades ago, this was a bipartisan movement that not only strengthened the ties between the parties, but also ensured coverage for so many lower income families who do not qualify for Medicaid. Without such a vital program, the number of children covered, and the number of treatments they would be covered for, would vastly decrease, in a most harmful and debilitating way. Not only this, but if the funds were to be rescinded, Congress could be prevented from reallocating those funds into early childhood education, health related research, and other initiatives that only improve the quality of life for our constituents. Given that we have experienced multiple health and safety disasters in communities across the country in recent years, it is the wrong time to thwart the progress of programs that are beneficial to so many Americans. It is no wonder that leading children’s organizations such as First Focus, along with 500 national, state, and local organizations across the country, are urging Congress to reject any cuts to the Children’s Health Insurance Program. The value of the contingent funding is in its ability to protect children’s health coverage in the event of unforeseen circumstances or unexpected disasters, such as Hawaii’s overwhelming volcano eruption or Hurricane Harvey, which devastated the state of Texas just last year. The Administration and CBO cannot guarantee that there will not be an economic recession or health epidemic for which contingency funding would be necessary and yet they are still willing to gamble with our children’s lives. It is time for the Trump Administration and House Republicans to abandon their crusade to balance the budget on the backs of the poor and vulnerable. We should be investing in our children’s futures, not risking their chances of having one at all. I urge my colleagues to vote NO on this reckless, irresponsible, and cruel measure. Mr. WALKER. Mr. Speaker, everyone knows that the government has a spending problem. We have a moral responsibility to take every opportunity to help right the ship. In recent years, rescissions have been used as budget gimmicks to hide higher spending in appropriations bills. Today, the rescissions of unspent funds will instead be used for deficit reduction for the American taxpayers. At the Republican Study Committee, we have been working with the Office of Management and Budget on these spending cuts since last Fall. I am glad that those conversations led to something tangible in the form of the largest rescissions package in American history. I commend President Trump, Director Mulvaney, and House Leadership for their efforts in developing this package and securing the votes to bring this across the finish line. True, today’s package is just a drop in the barrel of our total debt but this should be just the first of many rescissions packages. The members of the Republican Study Committee hope that this is true and that as we pass several rescissions packages, we can begin to bend the trajectory of our spending curve in the right direction. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD the following letters in opposition to H.R. 3: 
MAY22, 2018. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : The undersigned 151 national organizations strongly urge you to reject the $15.3 billion rescissions package proposed by the Trump Administration as well as other rescissions messages that may be subsequently offered. These cuts would violate the agreement enacted in the Bipartisan Budget Act, by eliminating funds that make fairer levels of domestic appropriations possible, so that unmet needs in public health, education, job training, housing, and other essential areas may be addressed. The Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) is targeted for nearly half the cuts in the rescissions package. Nearly $2 billion of the rescinded funds could reduce CHIP’s capacity to respond if enrollment unexpectedly rises, as in the aftermath of a disaster, large layoffs due to plant closures, or an overall economic slowdown. Congress just enacted a longoverdue 10year reauthorization of CHIP; it should not undermine that bipartisan agreement either by tampering with CHIP in this package. Another $5 billion would renege on the twoyear Bipartisan Budget Act agreement, which in part counted on the availability of unspent CHIP funds to pay for needed increases in other services of importance to children and families. The rescissions package also includes an $800 million cut to the Center for Medicare and Medicaid Innovation, a program which according to the Congressional Budget Office will save $3 for every $1 spent between 2017 and 2026. It makes no sense to end such a costeffective investment. Nor does it make sense to describe this package of cuts as putting ‘‘. . . our Nation on a sustainable fiscal path’’ when the recently enacted tax cuts, mainly for the wealthy and corporations, impose a $2 trillion cost. Congress made important progress in the FY 2018 Omnibus appropriations bill because its bipartisan agreement allowed for increases in child care, opioid treatment, and other services. Congress should now turn its attention to building on this progress in FY 2019. Reneging on the hardwon bipartisan agreement now will make further gains extremely difficult. With the limited number of legislative days before you, please do not be distracted by undoing past progress. We cannot emphasize enough that basic needs programs have lost ground after years of reductions, making it extremely important that you do not undermine the agreement to start to reverse these downward trends. Adult and youth job training has been cut nearly 15 percent since FY 2010, adjusted for inflation. If we are serious about helping people to get good jobs, we must undo these cuts. Many other services need rebuilding, such as home heating and cooling assistance (cut nearly 38 percent since FY 2010), juvenile justice programs (cut more than 40 percent), maternal and child health 
programs (cut 14 percent), and special education funding (cut between 7–11 percent since FY 2010). In an analysis of more than 180 human needs programs, the Coalition on Human Needs found that nearly 70 percent are still at lower levels than in FY 2010. Please reject this rescissions package, and turn instead to your real responsibility: to provide adequate resource to address the unmet needs for education and training, child care, housing, health care, and other essential services. Sincerely, Action on Smoking and Health; ADAP Advocacy Association; Advance CTE; African American Health Alliance; AFSCME; AIDS United; Allied Progress; American Association of People with Disabilities; American Association on Health and Disability; American Federation of Teachers; Americans for Democratic Action (ADA); Asian Americans Advancing Justice—AAJC; Association of American Veterinary Medical Colleges; Association of Farmworker Opportunity Programs; Autism Society of America; Autistic Self Advocacy Network; Bend the Arc Jewish Action CAEAR Coalition; Campaign for Youth Justice; Center for Community Change Action; Center for Employment Opportunities (CEO). Center for Law and Social Policy (CLASP); Center for Popular Democracy Action; Center for Public Representation; Ceres Policy Research; Child Care Aware of America; Child Welfare League of America; Children’s Defense Fund; Children’s Leadership Council; Children’s Advocacy Institute; Christopher and Dana Reeve Foundation; Coalition for Health Funding; Coalition for Juvenile Justice; Coalition on Human Needs; Community Access National Network (CANN); Congregation of Our Lady of Charity of the Good Shepherd, US Provinces; Council on Social Work Education; Disciples Center for Public Witness; Dominican Sisters Conference; Dominican Sisters of Peace; Ecumenical Poverty Initiative. Equal Rights Advocates; Evangelical Lutheran Church in America; Every Child Matters; Faith in Public Life; Families USA; Family Focused Treatment Association Food & Water Watch; Food Research & Action Center (FRAC); Forum for Youth Investment; Friends Committee on National Legislation; Friends of the Earth—US Girls Inc.; Grounded Solutions Network; Health Care for America Now; Healthy Teen Network HEAR US Inc.; Hispanic Federation; HIV Medicine Association; Holy Spirit Missionary Sisters, USA–JPIC Housing Works, Inc.; International Union, United Automobile, Aerospace, and Agricultural Implement Workers of America, UAW; Justice in Aging; Lakeshore Foundation; Leadership Conference of Women Religious. League of Women Voters of the United States; LIFT; Main Street Alliance; Mom2Mom Global; MomsRising; NAACP; NARAL ProChoice America; National Action Network; National Advocacy Center of the Sisters of the Good Shepherd; National Alliance of HUD Tenants; National Association of Councils on Developmental Disabilities; National Association of Counsel for Children; National Association of Regional Councils; National Association of Social Workers; National Association of State Head Injury Administrators; National Association for Bilingual Education; National Black Justice Coalition; National Coalition for the Homeless; National Coalition of STD Directors; National Consumer Law Center (on behalf of its low income clients). National Council of Jewish Women; National Crittenton; National Disability Institute; National Domestic Workers Alliance; National Education Association; National Employment Law Project; National Employment Lawyers Association; National Housing Trust; National Indian Education Association; National Juvenile Justice Network; National Low Income Housing Coalition; National Network for Youth; National Network to End Domestic Violence; National Organization for Women; National Urban League; National WIC Association; National Women’s Health Network; National Women’s Law Center; New Progressive Alliance; North American Passionists, JPIC; People Demanding Action; People For the American Way. Planned Parenthood Federation of America; Poligon Education Fund; Provincial Council Clerics of St. Viator (Viatorians); Public Advocacy for Kids; Public Citizen; Rachel Carson Council; Racial and Ethnic Health Disparities Coalition; Raising Women’s Voices for the Health Care We Need; RESULTS; Ryan White Medical Providers Coalition; Safer Foundation; School Social Work Association of America; Service Employees International Union; Sinsinawa Dominicans; Sisters of Charity of Nazareth Western Province Leadership; Sisters of Charity of the Blessed Virgin Mary; Sisters of Mercy South Central Community; SocioEnergetics Foundation; Somerset Development Company; SparkAction; StoptheDrugWar.org; Strategies for Youth, Inc. Students or Sensible Drug Policy; The Arc of the United States; The Children’s Partnership; The John Leary Organization; The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights; The United Methodist Church—General Board of Church and Society; Transporation Learning Center; Treatment Action Group; Tuberous Sclerosis Alliance; UnidosUS; United Church of Christ; United Methodist Women; Voices for Progress; W. Haywood Burns Institute; WildWest Institute; Woodhull Freedom Foundation; Woodstock Institute; Workplace Fairness; Young Invincibles; Youth Service America; YWCA USA; ZERO TO THREE. 
MAY21, 2018. Hon. MITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. CHARLES SCHUMER , Minority Leader, Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MAJORITY LEADER MCCONNELL , M INORITY LEADER SCHUMER , SPEAKER RYAN, & MINORITY LEADER PELOSI : On behalf of the 68 undersigned organizations, we are writing to express our opposition to the Administration’s proposal in its fiscal year (FY) 2018 rescission package to recapture $151 million in funding for the Capital Magnet Fund (CMF). We respectfully request that Congress promptly reject this rescission to enable the Community Develpment Financial Institutions Fund (CDFI Fund) at the Department of Treasury to distribute the next round of funding of this highly successful program as soon as possible. Organizations are deploying these funds to address the housing affordability crisis among our nation’s seniors, veterans, persons with disabilities, and families. The origin and intent of the rescission mechanism in the Congressional Budget Impoundment and Control Act is wellestablished. Namely, it was designed and has uniformly been used to return unspent funds in appropriated accounts from prior fiscal years to taxpayers, typically for programs that are poorly performing or have been eliminated entirely. The Administration’s effort to claw back CMF funding by means of rescission flies in the face of this practice. First, CMF is not an appropriated program. Rather, it was created by Congress through the bipartisan Housing and Economic Recovery Act (HERA) of 2008, an early federal response to the nation’s growing housing and financial crisis. HERA funded the CMF through a small fee on total new business purchases of Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac (collectively, the Government Sponsored Enterprises or GSEs) to create an enduring program to generate new investment in affordable housing and other economic development projects in underserved communities across our nation through the housing finance system and not be reliant entirely on the annual Congressional appropriations process. Second, CMF funds have not been sitting unspent at the CDFI Fund. Rather, these funds were not released to the Treasury Department by the GSEs until May 1, 2018, and if prior year CMF rounds are predictive, the entire amount of funds will be obligated to awardees before the end of calendar year 2018. Finally, one would be hard pressed to find a program where taxpayers are getting more ‘‘bang for the buck’’ than the CMF. The innovation at the heart of CMF is that it provides direct, entitylevel investments in high capacity CDFIs, nonprofit housing developers, banks and public sector agencies. This structure is designed to attract private capital and maximize return on investment. Organizations that receive the grants are required to leverage their funding 10:1 with other sources of capital. The CMF multiplies the impact of awards many times over because grant recipients are also required to redeploy CMFsupported loans in new projects throughout the grant term. By any measure, CMF has succeeded. Earlier this year, the CDFI Fund released new data that illustrates the powerful impact of the FY 2010 funding round of CMF. The 23 awardees from 2010 have used the $80 million in grants to attract $1.8 billion in other investment by the public and private sector, a 22:1 ratio; have produced 13,325 affordable homes and have created or retained 16,000 jobs across America. The CMF is poised to continue its strong track record. The 2017 award round of $120 million will enable 40 grantees to serve 41 states and the District of Columbia. Collectively, awardees are projected to create approximately 17,000 additional jobs, produce 21,000 affordable homes and attract more than $3.2 billion in additional investment, with 78% ($2.5 billion) expected to come from the private sector. The need for affordable housing—and for CMF funding—is greater today than ever before. Although the economy has improved since 2008, the number of renter households that pay more than half of their income in rent is near an alltime high of 11.4 million families, 3.7 million more than in 2001 and one in four of all renters in the United States. The CMF has proven to be a highly costeffective resource for creating affordable housing and improving communities. In 2017, the CDFI Fund received applications for more than 3.5 times the amount awarded. The nation would be better served if the Administration deployed the $151 million in available CMF funds as quickly as possible to meet the demand for this flexible, effective program rather than targeting it for rescission. We urge Congress to reject this rescission request. Thank you for your consideration of this matter, Abode Communities; ACTIONHousing, Inc.; Atlanta Neighborhood Development Partnership, Inc.; Better Housing Coalition; Capital Impact Partners; Capitol Hill Housing; Century Housing Corporation; Chicago 
Community Loan Fund; Chicanos Por La Causa; Cinnaire; Clearinghouse Community Development Financial Institution; Coastal Enterprises, Inc.; Community Development Corporation of Utah; Community Development Financial Institution Coalition; Community Housing Partners; Corporation for Supportive Housing; EAH Housing; Eden Housing; Enterprise Community Partners; Fahe. Greater Metropolitan Housing Corporation; Grounded Solutions Network; Habitat for Humanity; Homeport; Homes for America; Homewise, Inc.; Housing Channel; Housing Development Fund; Housing Partnership Network; IdahoNevada CDFI; IFF; Indianapolis Neighborhood Housing Partnership; Leviticus 25:23 Alternative Fund, Inc.; Local Initiatives Support Corporation (LISC); Low Income Investment Fund; Maine Affordable Housing Coalition; Mercy Housing, Inc.; Mercy Loan Fund; Mission First Housing Group; Montgomery Housing Partnership. National Affordable Housing Management Association; National Association for Latino Community Asset Builders; National Association of Affordable Housing Lenders; National Coalition for the Homeless; National Council of State Housing Agencies; National Development Council; National Housing Conference; National Housing Resource Center; National Housing Trust; National Low Income Housing Coalition; National NeighborWorks Association; National Stabilization Trust; New Community Corporation; New Jersey Community Capital; NHS of Chicago; NYC Housing Partnership; Ohio Capital Finance Corporation; Opportunity Finance Network; Preservation of Affordable Housing, Inc. (POAH); Project for Pride in Living. Prospera Housing Community Services; Reinvestment Fund; SelfHelp Ventures Fund; Southwest Minnesota Housing Partnership; St. Ambrose Housing Aid Center; Stewards of Affordable Housing for the Future; The Community Builders, Inc.; Volunteers of America. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the previous question is ordered on the bill, as amended. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SIMPSON ). Pursuant to House Resolution 918 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 5895. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b1522 IN THE COMMITTEE OF THE WHOLE  
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. MITCHELL in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. General debate shall be confined to the bill and shall not exceed 1 hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today in support of H.R. 5895, the first set of the fiscal year 2019 appropriations bills: Energy and Water, the Legislative Branch, and the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs. I am pleased that the House is considering three appropriations bills this afternoon. These bills provide funding to rebuild our military infrastructure, support military families, improve nuclear security, support our Nation’s energy and water infrastructure, and assure the smooth and safe operations of the legislative branch. To highlight a few of these important investments: The Energy and Water bill, under Chairman SIMPSON ’s direction, funds our national security and supports the energy and water infrastructure that keeps our economy moving and America open for business. In total, his bill provides $44.7 billion in discretionary funding. To support a strong nuclear national security strategy, particularly at this time of rapidly shifting global dynamics, his bill provides targeted increases that will maintain an effective nuclear arsenal, preserve our Nation’s nuclearpowered fleet, and keep nuclear weapons out of the hands of those who would misuse them. Beyond these critical responsibilities, the bill also directs $7.28 billion to the Army Corps of Engineers for projects and activities that will improve America’s ports and waterways and promote public health and safety. The bill also further supports economic growth by investing in the Department of Energy’s programs to advance the goal of an alloftheabove solution to energy independence. This includes funding to continue congressional efforts for the safe, secure storage of nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain. Next, the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill under Chairman YODER ’s lead provides $3.8 billion in funding for the operation of Congress and its support agencies, excluding Senateonly items. It may be the smallest of the 12 appropriations bills, but it is very important to the operation of our great democracy. This total represents a small increase above current enacted levels. These increases are directed to critical programs that make our Capitol complex more secure and more efficient. This includes supporting our wonderful and dedicated Capitol Police force, which keeps the complex safe for Members and visitors. Lastly, the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill, led initially by former Chairman DENTand now by Chairman Judge C ARTER, provides a total of $96.9 billion in discretionary funding at a crucial time for our Armed Forces and the VA. This includes $11.3 billion for military construction projects, a 3.8 percent increase above fiscal year 2018 levels, recognizing the need to rebuild our military infrastructure. This funding will enable our troops to fight current and emerging threats around the globe, as well as provide them with peace of mind and care for their families. This bill also includes $85.3 billion for the Department of Veterans Affairs, the largest total amount for the VA in its history. These additional funds will be directed to critical priorities within the Veterans Administration: improved access to healthcare; quicker claims processing; and support for crucial health programs like suicide prevention, mental health, and opioid abuse prevention. This also includes $1.2 billion for the new VA Electronic Health Record system to accelerate the progress on this longawaited project. Accompanying these funding increases are strong oversight provisions that will increase accountability at both the Pentagon and the Veterans Administration and ensure that precious tax dollars go where they are most needed. I want to thank the chairs and ranking members and all the staff who worked on these bills that all Members should be proud to support. These bills received bipartisan support in committee because they focus on universal priorities: national security, care for our veterans and military families, and essential infrastructure. I am extremely disappointed to read and hear the minority has directed its Members to oppose this appropriations package, despite the fact that all of these bills were constructed as they always have been: in a bipartisan manner. If there is no minority support for this package, those Members will be turning their backs on this House’s historic support for our veterans and their families and for modernizing our military installations around the world, which include medical facilities, new barracks and mess halls, playgrounds, schools, and family housing. I want to thank Chairman SIMPSON , Chairman YODER , former Chairman 
DENTand now Chairman Judge C ARTER  for their leadership on these bills; and also Ranking Member KAPTUR , Ms. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. TIMRYANfrom Ohio for their work on these bills. I would also like to thank the hardworking staff who helped to bring the bills to the floor: Jenny Panone and Tim Monahan from the Legislative Branch Subcommittee; Sue Quantius, Sarah Young, Kiya Batmanglidj, and Tracey Russell from the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Subcommittee; Angie Giancarlo, Loraine Heckenberg, Perry Yates, and Amy Murphy from the Energy and Water Subcommittee; along with the front office staff and my personal staff. I urge my colleagues to support these responsible appropriations bills and vote ‘‘yes’’ on H.R. 5895. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Insert offset folio 537/1 here EH070618.001lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES 
'1ava I Pet i eum and 01 I St1a I Reserves 
Insert offset folio 537/2 here EH070618.002lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Insert offset folio 537/3 here EH070618.003lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A  ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Insert offset folio 537/4 here EH070618.004lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION A ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Insert offset folio 537/5 here EH070618.005lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT FY 2019 (H R 5895) 
Poyment to W1dows and Heirs of Deceased Members of 
Cit f 1 ce of t !1e Sergeant at Arms 
Off ice of tlw Leg1slat1ve Counsel of the House 
Insert offset folio 537/6 here EH070618.006lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION 8  LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, FY 2019 (H R 5895) 
Insert offset folio 537/7 here EH070618.007lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION B LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT. FY 2019 (H R 5895) (Amounts 
Government Publ' sh1 ng Off1 ce Business Oper·at 10ns 
1; FY201b IS Div D Sec.101 (a)(9) of Continuing 
Insert offset folio 537/8 here EH070618.008lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION 8 LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT. FY 2019 (H R 5895) 
Insert offset folio 537/9 here EH070618.009lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS AND RELATED AGENCIES 
M 1 11 t<Jry Conotr'uct 1011, Army (Sec 125) 
M 1: 1 tary C(;r1st ruct 10r1 Navy dtHJ Mor1r1e Cor·ps (Sec 
Defense Access Roads Program (Soc 131) 125) 125 I 
Insert offset folio 537/10 here EH070618.010lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS. AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Insert offset folio 537/11 here EH070618.011lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
Services purposes was appropriated in H J Res, 124 
Insert offset folio 537/12 here EH070618.012lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
79 000 75' 100 75 100 Bi 11 vs 
Insert offset folio 537/13 here EH070618.013lotter on DSK3G9T082PROD with HOUSEDIVISION C MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES 
b1530 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the threebill package that Republicans are bringing to the floor today. Instead of following regular order and debating and amending the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bills separately, Republican leadership is forcing us to consider them together. This broken process has a simple aim. Republicans are using America’s veterans as pawns to force through cuts to clean energy research and harmful policy provisions that weaken environmental standards. We all recognize the tremendous debt of gratitude we owe to those who have sacrificed for us in our Armed Forces, as well as their family members who share in their service to our country. That is why it is so important that Congress ensure our veterans receive the honors, benefits, and assistance they have earned. While I support many of the increases within the Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill, Republicans have created a dilemma by transitioning the VA Choice program from mandatory to discretionary funding in the middle of fiscal year 2019. I want to make it clear: This is a serious decision. It should have been adequately debated. Even worse, Republicans have blocked consideration of my amendment to solve this problem. That will mean a further squeeze, and perhaps even cuts, to programs that benefit the middle class. The Bipartisan Budget Act provided an $18 billion increase for both defense and nondefense discretionary spending between fiscal years 2018 and 2019. Instead of using those resources to create jobs and grow our economy, Republicans have chosen to devote $4.8 billion, more than a quarter of that increase, to the Department of Homeland Security, presumably for President Trump’s border wall and the deportation force. Not only is such spending a betrayal of our American values, it is a waste of resources that crowds out investments that keep our families and communities safe, strong, and moving forward. Frankly, it is just part of a pattern in which Republicans are underfunding bills that will come later in the appropriations process. For example, Republicans have not provided a single penny in additional resources to the Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies appropriations bill. What does that mean? This means that they threaten to starve our schools, hurt job training and workplace rights protection, jeopardize Pell grants, and limit access to affordable healthcare, among many other ill effects. We can and must do better than spending levels that prioritize President Trump’s border wall and attacks on immigrant communities over the urgent needs of American children, families, and seniors. Now, with regard to the Energy and Water bill specifically, we are confronted with a partisan bill that contains cuts to many important priorities for the American people. With gas prices approaching $3 a gallon, the bill cuts energy efficiency and renewable energy initiatives. It cuts transformational science efforts, such as the successful and popular ARPAE program. And just as bad, it contains many harmful riders, including rolling back clean water protections, blocking the National Ocean Policy, further endangering salmon on the Columbia River, and weakening gun safety rules on public lands. These provisions and the cuts to important priorities that drive innovation and safeguard our national security make it impossible for Democrats to support this bill. We can and must do better. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no,’’ oppose the Republican raw deal that cuts critical priorities, includes harmful poisonpill riders, and sets Congress on a path to future bills that will cause serious pain for American children, families, and seniors. Before I reserve the balance of my time, I would like to thank our chair, with whom I have always worked cooperatively, and your staff and my staff and all those who spend many, many hours making sure we can work together. However, I do hope, at the end of the process, we can put together a more responsible bipartisan bill. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ), the chairman of the Energy and Water Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding the time. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to present to the House the fiscal year 2019 Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. Before I review the details of the bill, I would like to thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN for his leadership and unwavering commitment to the appropriations process. Our committee is back on track to bring 12 bills through the committee markup and before the full House for the second year in a row. I would also like to thank Ranking Members LOWEY and K APTUR . As always, their thoughtful approach to the issues have made this a better bill, even though I was disappointed that the gentlewoman from New York, who is my friend, said she didn’t like the Energy and Water bill just now. The Energy and Water bill totals $44.7 billion, which is $1.5 billion more than last year’s level and $8.2 billion above the budget request. Increases over last year were targeted to those areas where they are needed most: to provide for our Nation’s defense and to support our Nation’s infrastructure. The bill provides a total of $15.3 billion for the Department of Energy’s nuclear weapons security programs, including Weapons Activities, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, and Naval Reactors, a $644 million increase above the fiscal year 2018 enacted level and $222 million above the President’s budget request. It aligns with the administration’s Nuclear Posture Review and calls for continuing to maintain a strong nuclear deterrent to meet the challenges of a changing security environment, revitalizing our nuclear complex, and supporting effective arms control and nonproliferation efforts. Additionally, the bill provides for funding increases across the Department of Energy to defend against cyber attacks and within the administration’s new Cybersecurity, Energy Security, and Emergency Response Office to strengthen energysector cybersecurity preparedness, response, and recovery. The bill includes strong funding for the Army Corps of Engineers—$451 million more than last year and $2.5 billion more than the budget request. This is to address our Nation’s critical infrastructure needs. Harbor maintenance activities are funded at $1.6 billion, which is $200 million more than the fiscal year 2018 appropriation. The level exceeds the WRDA annual target by $160 million and represents—and I am proud of this—95 percent of the estimated revenue. Basic science research and applied energy research and development programs at the Department of Energy, including Nuclear Energy, Fossil Energy, the Office of Science, Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy, and ARPAE, are strongly supported in this bill. Taken together, these programs advance the alloftheabove energy strategy that will support a strong national economy well into the future. Finally, the bill sends a clear message that it is time to address the long term storage of spent nuclear fuel and finish the Yucca Mountain license application, with $220 million going to the Department of Energy and $47.7 million to the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. We simply cannot wait any longer to finish the license application process and proceed to construction and operation of the permanent repository. This is a strong bill that incorporates priorities and interests of all Members of the House. In fact, this bill addresses, in full or in part, 94 percent of the more than 3,000 separate requests that we received from Members. I urge my colleagues to support this. Before I end, I would like to say and emphasize what the chairman said. These bills would not be possible without the strong work and the competent 
work of the staff of the Energy and Water Appropriations Committee, both minority and majority, and also from our personal offices. They do a great job trying to address the concerns of individual Members and the requests of individual Members. We wouldn’t be able to do this without the strong work they do, and I thank them for that. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I wish to thank the ranking member from New York, NITALOWEY , for yielding me this time and for the wonderful work she has done on 12 bills, and this is but the first. I also want to thank the chair of the full committee, Congressman FRELING HUYSEN , whose service has been so meritorious. We miss his service on the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Committee directly, but he has moved up to greater things. I also thank Chairman SIMPSON and the members of our fine subcommittee and our staff on our side of the aisle, Jaime Shimek and T.J. Loudermilk, and on the majority side, Angie Giancarlo, for their hard work on this bill under rushed circumstances. I value the hard work that all of you have put into this bill and the dispatch with which Chair SIMPSON has moved through the process, including with great cordiality. Our bill contributes to ensuring the critical availability of energy and waterway improvements for domestic stability and national security, not just for today but for the tomorrows to come. Energy is the power that flows and drives our economy and courses through our Nation. Sometimes people even forget it is there binding our country together at the community level, connecting our Nation from coast to coast, and ensuring our superior defense posture globally. Our Nation has made enormous strides in increasing our energy independence by developing a broad portfolio of power sources, with no bill more important than this one in reaching the strategic goal of energy independence for America’s independence. But it is not yet time to declare mission accomplished. Today, the price of oil is on the rise again, standing 50 percent higher than it was 1 year ago, due at least in part to unrest across our globe. It is no secret that every time in recent history—and I am talking 40, 50 years—that fuel prices exceed $4 per gallon our Nation sinks into deep recession. Actually, energy can become a tourniquet that throttles economic growth, and rising fuel prices means our Nation could be headed there again. So we must not lose sight of the ultimate goal of energy independence for American independence. Largely, thanks to the bipartisan budget agreement, the chairman has been able to provide increased funding levels to that end across much of our bill. Turning to the water and waterway elements in our bill, all essential to human life, our bill significantly increases funding for the Army Corps of Engineers to ensure continued forward progress in all regions of our country across all project areas, including navigation and environmental restoration. All projects are job creators and benefit future economic growth and environmental improvement. I am grateful for the chairman’s continued partnership to address the Asian carp threat to our freshwater Great Lakes ecosystem, as well as for funding to keep our Great Lakes ports open to shippers, which drive economic investment in the Great Lakes region. And, unfortunately, while the chair has been generous in the funding of most programs, the bill cuts over $400 million in funding from this year’s levels for next year for some of the highest priorities to those of us on this side of the aisle. Let me enumerate them: energy efficiency and renewable energy, where America is making great strides and nations like China seek to blunt our lead; transformational science driven by the highest level of research in our country, the advanced research and energy we call ARPAE; and, finally, in the third important area of nuclear nonproliferation. Those accounts should not be cut. They all exist within the Department of Energy budget. b1545 These programs invest in new horizons to move our country and economy forward through innovation, creating jobs along the way. Think about this: Nearly 3.2 million Americans now work in clean energy industries alone. Those are jobs that didn’t exist 35 years ago. Energy means jobs, and new energy systems means economic growth. I remain troubled by the continued unsustainable spending in the Department of Energy’s weapons program. Instead of working to rein in costs, just over a month ago, the administration submitted a budget amendment to begin work on a new, lowyield ballistic missile, as proposed in the Nuclear Posture Review. I remain unconvinced this new capability will actually improve our nuclear deterrent. The CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Ohio. Ms. KAPTUR. We owe it to the American people to have a full discussion and debate before wandering down a path to new varieties of nuclear weapons, including security, cost, and schedule. The bill, again, includes several unnecessary and controversial policy riders, everything related to the Waters of the United States to new language legislating an ongoing court case in the northwest. I ask my colleagues to vote no when I offer an amendment to eliminate all of them. One of our biggest concerns is the damage this bill does to other bills. It is like musical chairs: if we succeed with our bill, then the 11 bills that follow may not have sufficient funding. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman for leading us to this point. We are very proud to be the first bill on the floor this year, 2018, in the appropriations process. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER), the new chairman of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies on Appropriations, and I also thank him for his leadership and work on the Homeland Security Subcommittee as well. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to be here as the newly appointed chairman of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs and Related Agencies Subcommittee. I arrived postmidstream and I have a lot to learn. But I have served on this subcommittee before and I have got a great base to start with. CHARLIE DENT and DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ developed such a good bill that it was approved by a 47–0 vote in the full committee. The Military Construction and Veterans Affairs bill provides generously for our servicemembers, our veterans, their families, and our monuments and cemeteries. Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN  and Ranking Member LOWEY have provided strong support for this bill. I appreciate their leadership, as well as the participation of all of the members of the subcommittee, and I especially want to thank my ranking member, Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . The bill contains $96.9 billion in budget authority, an increase of $4.2 billion over last year’s level. The funding recommendation includes: $11.3 billion for military construction, which is a $412 million, or 3.8 percent, increase over the fiscal year 2018 level. The bill includes $10.3 billion in base funding and $921 million in overseas contingency operations funding. The level is $131 million below the request. $85.3 billion for the Department of Veterans Affairs, which is an increase of nearly $4 billion, or 4.8 percent over the FY18 level, and the same as the budget request. Of the $85.3 billion provided for VA, $71.2 billion is for medical care for 7 million veterans. We make important investments in many VA programs, including: mental health treatment and suicide prevention; development of the VA electronic health record; prevention of opioid abuse; and disability claims processing. And $2 billion is provided as the second year of the budget deal commitment for infrastructure funding for VA facilities. 
This bill supports our troops with the facilities necessary to maintain readiness and morale at bases here in the United States and around the world. In addition, the bill funds our veterans healthcare and benefits systems to ensure that our promise to care for those who have sacrificed in defense of our Nation is met as those men and women return home. This is a strong bill, and I urge everyone to support it. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RYAN), the ranking member of the Legislative Branch Subcommittee. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman from New York for yielding, and I thank her for her leadership on the Appropriations Committee. I also thank my partner on the Legislative Branch Subcommittee on Appropriations, Mr. YODER , who was chairman of the Legislative Branch Subcommittee on Appropriations until recently. He carried out his responsibilities as chairman in an inclusive and thoughtful manner. Not only did we hold a budget hearing with almost every agency funded under the bill, but we ended our markup with a bipartisan measure that gives most of the agencies in the legislative branch their full budget request. Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN is now wielding the gavel for both the full Appropriations Committee and the Legislative Branch Subcommittee. I am grateful for the courtesy he has shown me as full committee chair, and in his short tenure so far as my subcommittee chair. I know he will continue to work with me as the ranking minority member in the same sort of respectful bipartisan manner as Mr. YODER did. And, of course, I would like to thank the staff on both sides of the aisle: subcommittee clerk Jenny Panone, Tim Monahan, Adam Berg; and, from my office, Anne Sokolov and Ryan Keating. As Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN noted, the Legislative Branch division of this bill provides $3.81 billion, excluding Senate items. With $456.4 million for the Capitol Police and $18.8 million for the House Sergeant at Arms, we are looking after the security needs of the Members, staff, and visitors both here in Washington and at our district offices back home. The bill’s $5.4 million for the Office of Compliance and $147.6 million for the House chief administrative officer will support our response to the sexual harassment that has been pervasive since longer than any of us have been Members of Congress, but has only recently become a national scandal. The $642 million for the Architect of the Capitol will help continue to reduce our backlog of deferred maintenance. The $578.9 million for the Government Accountability Office will bring the Federal Government’s premier auditor and watchdog back up to the staffing level it needs to root out waste, fraud, and abuse. Those are just some of the worthwhile issues to which we are putting taxpayer dollars in the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill. Unfortunately, I have to oppose this bill. It isn’t because the funding for legislative branch agencies or energy and water or military construction and veterans affairs is inadequate. On the contrary. It is because the majority has taken the sequestration relief that Democrats fought for, and used it all for Republican priorities in fiscal year 2019, instead of putting it toward programs that help working people support their families and grow the middle class. That was not what we agreed upon. A number of the appropriations bills this year won’t see an increase at all, even though there are billions more dollars available for domestic spending. The Republican plan says the Labor, Health, Human Services, and Education bill that funds the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration and the National Institutes of Health are not priorities, even in the face of the opioid crisis that we see in Ohio. We are saying it isn’t a priority to fund the wage and hour division of the Department of Labor, which enforces Federal minimum wage, overtime pay, and recordkeeping laws to prevent wage theft. We are saying we don’t care about the Bureau of International Labor Affairs, whose mission it is to promote a fair global playing field for workers in the U.S. and around the world by enforcing trade commitments, strengthening labor standards, and more. We are saying we don’t care about job training and apprenticeship programs. But we somehow have billions of dollars for a wasteful, unnecessary, ineffective border wall? Shifting domestic spending away from programs that help the middle class isn’t the only way in which the majority is effectively violating the bipartisan budget caps deal we agreed to in February. The majority is also counting over $1 billion for bipartisan veterans programs against the domestic spending caps, even though those dollars were previously outside the caps. They changed the rules to move it under the caps, and you have to spend less somewhere else. It is just another way of squeezing out funding for Democratic priorities. And, as we saw earlier today, they are rescinding money that we were relying on to write 2019 spending bills that made adequate investments in our country under the budget cap levels. Both sides understood we would use rescinded money to cover investments in health and education, for example, and now the Republicans are taking that away. Again, changing the rules to squeeze out spending for programs that help working families. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Lastly, Republicans are trying to simply sit on some of the domestic funds we agreed to in the bipartisan budget deal in February. For example, in the financial services bill, Republicans are taking $585 million away. If Republicans think they can get all the way through this year’s appropriations process without bipartisan cooperation, good luck. And to get cooperation, you have to show good faith. We had a deal, we need to keep the deal. Mr. Chairman, I hope we can return to working together, like we did when we produced the fiscal year 2018 omnibus, less than 3 months ago. There is still time. But, for today, we have to oppose this bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CALVERT ), the chairman of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, and thank him for getting through such a successful markup of 5 hours yesterday afternoon. Actually, I thank all members for their perseverance in that regard. Mr. CALVERT. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in strong support of these appropriations bills on the floor. I thank the full committee chairman, RODNEY FRELINGHUYSEN , for his dedication to regular order. We are committed to fulfilling our constitutional responsibility and pass these bills before the end of the fiscal year, and I commend the relevant chairmen and ranking members for their hard work on these bills. One of the most important duties of Members of Congress is to provide for the United States Armed Forces. The Military Construction and Veterans Affairs appropriations bill does just that. In particular, the bill provides $50 million in force protection funding for each of the services. This money could be used for access control points, air traffic control towers, and fire stations. This funding is particularly important for bases near my congressional district: March Air Reserve Base and Camp Pendleton. March Air Reserve Base is busier than ever, including managing the deployment of over 4,000 troops every month. In order to ensure the safety of these brave men and women, a new main gate complex is needed. At Camp Pendleton, the fire stations are in dire need of replacement. Of the top six fire stations identified for replacement by the Navy, five are at Camp Pendleton. Of the fulltime stations, all but three are spartan wood 
frame structures built in the 1940s. The funding in this bill would start the process of replacing old, outdated fire stations with contemporary structures able to respond to the needs of our United States Marine Corps. I also support the Energy and Water portion of the bill put forward by my friend MIKESIMPSON . The robust funding for the Bureau of Reclamation will go to critical infrastructure, including $134 million for water storage projects. The bill includes language directing FERC to continue working with the industry on costeffective ways to increase the resilience of our electric transmission system. This is especially important following one of the worst fire seasons in California’s modern history. The bill also provides strong funding for the Army Corps of Engineers, allowing them to update and improve water projects throughout the country. The report contains muchneeded language for the Murrieta Creek project in my own district. The report highlights that the project is critical to the health, safety, and protection of the communities of Murrieta and Temecula. Finally, the bill also repeals the disastrous Waters of the United States rule that would significantly restrict the ability of private landowners to make decisions about their own property. Deciding how water should be used is a State and local issue, not the Federal Government. b1600 Mr. Chair, I thank the full committee chairman and ranking member, the relevant subcommittee chairmen and ranking members, and staff for their diligent work. Mr. Chair, I urge passage of the bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), the ranking member of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. I also thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and former Chairman DENTfor their hard work on the bill. Mr. Chair, I recognize Chairman CARTERfor taking up the reins on this bill. It is not an easy, carefree situation to come in and take over after a bill has been completely written and then have to manage it. But I am confident, given the track record that I have seen Chairman CARTER have, that it is going to be an absolute pleasure to work with him, as it has been all throughout my tenure on the Appropriations Committee. As you all know, the MILCON–VA bill has a strong reputation for common ground and bipartisanship. Chairman DENTset a cooperative tone and was inclusive throughout the process before his retirement. The MILCON portion of the bill is up by $241 million over last year’s enacted level. In my opinion, the fiscal year 2019 request adequately provides funding for both the Active and Reserve components. One item that I want to point out in the MILCON portion of the bill is new funding for enhancing security and safety. The bill includes $150 million for enhancing muchneeded force protection and safety concerns at military installations. Too often, we had situations where these projects were deferred for bigticket items and then never made it into the request. For the Department of Veterans Affairs, title 2 is $3.9 billion over, for a 5 percent increase above the fiscal year 2018 enacted level. Mr. Chairman, I am also pleased the bill rejects the administration’s proposal to combine the Medical Services and Community Care accounts into one enormous account, which was a bipartisan agreement. Maintaining the old structure of two accounts offers us the most transparency for the committee to both monitor and control spending in these two areas. Mr. Chairman, while the Military ConstructionVeterans Affairs division makes many important investments, it does fall far short in averting the multibilliondollar funding shortfall at the VA in both the Choice and Community Care programs. The majority has acknowledged this fact because included in the rule was a selfexecuting amendment that added $1.1 billion to the Community Care account to address a discretionary shortfall caused by the VA MISSION Act, which the Democrats had repeatedly since the introduction and passage of the MISSION Act warned the majority about. Even with this additional $1.1 billion, the bill fails to address the $1.6 billion shortfall in traditional Community Care due to increased requirements. And it does nothing to address the longterm stability of the Veterans Community Care program, which CBO now estimates will need an additional $1 billion for fiscal year 2019 and at least $47 billion from fiscal year 2020 to fiscal year 2023. This future shortfall—make no mistake, you can take this to the bank, mark my words—if we don’t deal with this, will ultimately force the VA to begin cannibalizing other critical VA priorities. Mr. Chairman, Ranking Member LOWEY submitted an amendment to the Rules Committee that would have addressed this issue, as did Mr. WALZin the VA authorizing process, that would have preserved the Bipartisan Budget Act deal and prevented cuts to VA programs. It also would have held nondefense discretionary caps for VA negotiated under the Bipartisan Budget Act harmless when funding for the Veterans Choice Program is transferred from mandatory to discretionary accounts. Another concern I have is that, despite calls to return to regular order, as many of my colleagues have discussed here today, we are instead taking up, completely unnecessarily—because we have plenty of time to do this—three bills at once. This year especially, the process should have been better. The bipartisan budget agreement enacted in February provided us relief from unworkable discretionary spending caps by giving this committee a bipartisan topline number for fiscal year 2018 and fiscal year 2019. Yet here we are, for the second straight year, doing another minibus. This is extremely disappointing, and it is nowhere close to regular order. Mr. Chairman, if we want to return to regular order, we have to know the full 302(b) picture at the beginning of this process, not five bills in to when we have marked up over a third of the bills that we consider every year. We have to return to considering bills one at a time and under an open process that allows each Member of this body to have reasonable input. Mr. Chairman, we cannot continue to govern in this fashion. We must stop listening to the most extreme voices, because it is clear that passing any appropriations bill at the end of the day that will be signed into law is going to require a bipartisan majority of both houses, which this minibus will not get, in my estimation. As a result of this irresponsible posture, I am incredibly disappointed that I will be voting against the minibus and look forward to working towards an appropriations product that both parties have actually worked on together and can support. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ), a valuable member of the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Chair, I rise to speak in support of H.R. 5895. But before I do that, I want to thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN for his tremendous hard work and efforts and also the ranking member, Mrs. LOWEY , for her hard work on this bill as well. Mr. Chair, this bill combines the appropriation bills for Energy and Water Development, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Legislative Branch. As the vice chairman of the Energy and Water Development Subcommittee, I am especially proud to support this bill, which reflects the hard work of the subcommittee members and staff under the leadership of Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member KAPTUR . This bill provides robust funding for the National Nuclear Security Administration to maintain the safety and readiness of our Nation’s nuclear weapons stockpile, addresses aging infrastructure in our weapons complex facilities, and supports current and future missions of our great nuclear Navy. 
Another issue that is near and dear to me is nuclear cleanup, as both Y–12 and the Oak Ridge National Laboratory have significant ongoing cleanup missions. As the chairman of the Nuclear Cleanup Caucus, I know that addressing the legacy of the Cold War in communities around the Nation is a vital Federal commitment. This bill provides the Department of Energy’s Office of Environmental Management with the funding it needs to continue to live up to this commitment. I am also pleased with the strong support in this bill for the Department of Energy’s Office of Science. Notably, this bill supports continued investment in the area of supercomputing and supports the Department of Energy’s goal to deploy a firstintheworld exascale supercomputer. Much of that critical research will take place at Oak Ridge National Laboratory. There is also continued support for Oak Ridge National Laboratory’s high flux neutron sources, which enable novel scientific research into the fundamental nature of matter that can be formed nowhere else in the world. Funding in this bill provides critical infrastructure for our waterways, which is essential to our economy. Mr. Chair, I will close by reiterating my full, strong support for this bill and encouraging all of my colleagues to support this bill and support the incredibly important national priorities that it funds. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), the Democratic whip. Mr. HOYER. Mr. Chair, I thank the ranking member, Mrs. LOWEY , for yielding. I rise twice today in sadness. As a member of the Appropriations Committee, albeit on leave, I have great respect for this committee, but I rise to express my concern with this minibus legislation. Republicans brought it to the floor through a closed process and without an agreement on funding levels. Doing so, of course, shuts down debate, limits opportunity for Members to amend an appropriations bill, and sets the House up once again to shortchange important domestic priorities like healthcare and education. And let me say to my friends on the majority side, who regularly and strongly and somewhat sanctimoniously attacked putting bills together, not considering them one at a time, and have now repaired to this ‘bus system, they are putting America under the bus. And they are putting regular order under the bus. And they are putting the ability to consider bills under the bus. This minibus includes problematic cuts to funding for renewable energy programs, changes to gun safety rules, and a weakening of environmental protections. So if you are for MILCON and you are for the Leg bill, you ought to vote for the stuff you don’t like. That is what this process does to all of us. I am also particularly concerned with the title funding the legislative branch. Most people won’t talk about this, but, yes, I am known as a person of this institution, and I am proud of it. I am also proud that I have fought for Members for over two decades as a leader. As many of my colleagues are aware but few Americans might be, the people’s Representatives have been asked to do more and more each year with fewer and fewer resources. The Members’ Representational Allowance exists in order to ensure that Members and their staff can serve their districts and constituents in the most effective and responsible way possible. For example, my office—and all of yours—uses its resources to help veterans navigate the VA system, help seniors collect their Social Security benefits, and to advocate for our district’s critical military and civilian installations. Sadly, Mr. Speaker, the MRA is often considered the lowhanging fruit of discretionary cuts, a political messaging freebie that has no constituency to advocate on its behalf. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chair, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. HOYER. As result, the MRA today has shrunk to 85 percent of what it was 8 years ago. Meanwhile, the population of the United States has grown by an estimated 19 million people. Less service for our people. That is why I wrote the Appropriations Committee and asked the MRA be funded at least at 2010 levels, 8 years ago. I am disappointed that was not done. At the same time—and, Members, hear this, because most of you won’t say it because you are afraid that somehow your constituents will make you pay the price—we have once again frozen the costofliving adjustment as the costs go up in Washington, D.C. I don’t ask for a raise for Members, but I do ask that they be kept at the same level. We ought to stop all this hairshirting in this body and treat Members with the respect that they deserve. Mr. Chair, I will vote against this bill. I will vote against this bill because it is bad process and bad product and lets the American people down. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. RUTHERFORD ), a new member of the House Appropriations Committee. Mr. RUTHERFORD. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN for his leadership on this bill with scores of amendments through committee. Mr. Chair, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act for Fiscal Year 2019. This bill makes key investments in water resources infrastructure and coastal flood protection, increases funding for veterans healthcare and benefits, bolsters our military assets, and increases funding for the Capitol Police by $29 million. Of great importance to my district, Mr. Chair, in northeast Florida is the MILCON appropriation, which includes $111 million for two muchneeded facilities for the training and support of the littoral combat ship crews at Naval Station Mayport. These facilities will ensure that the LCS crews are efficiently and adequately trained as we continue to rebuild our fleet and deploy these ships in the future. Mr. Chair, I am grateful to former Chairman DENT, Chairman C ARTER , the committee staff, and my colleagues for their hard work on this package, and I urge its passage. b1615 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Washington State (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN as well as Chairman SIMPSON for their hard work on this package of bills. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of H.R. 5895, which includes the fiscal year 2019 Energy and Water Development Appropriations bill. Of all the funding bills I work on with my colleagues on the Appropriations Committee, the Energy and Water legislation is one of the most important for my district of central Washington. From supporting the continued cleanup efforts at the Hanford nuclear site to boosting the groundbreaking scientific research conducted at the Pacific Northwest National Laboratory, to aiding the vitally important water projects managed and developed by both the Army Corps of Engineers as well as the Bureau of Reclamation, this bill is composed of important resources for central Washington. Regarding Hanford, I am proud this bill restores more than $200 million from the President’s request for the Richland office to continue providing for continued safe and effective cleanup operations onsite. I am also pleased with the restoration of more than $40 million to the Office of River Protection to continue important work on the 56 million gallons of radioactive nuclear waste that is stored at the site. I remain steadfast in my commitment to holding the Federal Government accountable to its moral and legal obligation to the cleanup of the Hanford site, and this bill does precisely that, so thank you. I am also encouraged by this legislation’s demonstrated commitment to 
moving forward with Yucca Mountain as the lead geological repository for legacy waste and spent nuclear fuel, as well as the continued commitment to support science, including robust funding for Basic Energy Sciences, cybersecurity, and the National Nuclear Security Administration. These programs are important for the groundbreaking work conducted at PNNL to tackle some of the most challenging problems in energy, the environment, and in national security. Finally, this legislation includes a provision that I authored to stop the dangerous, antiscience forced spill order currently in effect on the eight lower Snake and lower Columbia River dams, which began in early April of this year. Just a week ago, Mr. Chairman, we received news from the Army Corps that fish managers are having to take measures to manage the effects of this reckless spill order. High flow rates from the forced spill are causing fish to stall in their migration upstream, with only 300 to 400 spring chinook passing through Little Goose Dam in late May. However, after the Corps reduced the spill rate by just 20 percent a week ago, the daily passage rose to 2,689 fish. This demonstrates the strain the spill order is placing on our endangered species. Some of my colleagues refuse to acknowledge this unambiguous scientific data and claim to support endangered fish species with their words. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chair, I yield the gentleman an additional 15 seconds. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chair, they claim to support the endangered species with their words but not with their actions. I am proud to have advocated for the inclusion of this language to stop this misguided spill to help save our fish and save our dams. I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on H.R. 5895. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ), chairman of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Subcommittee on Appropriations. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of this first package of FY 2019 appropriations bills. This combined bill that we are talking about today is the start of the process, and it is a good example of how the House is doing its job. We have had a lot of hearings and we have had a lot of meetings with administration officials over the last several months, and we have talked about their budget and how they justified it and how we are moving through the process. The Appropriations Committee has now taken action. We have marked up and passed these bills that are before us out of the subcommittee. We have passed them out of the committee. The House has taken action with this legislative package that we will pass tomorrow, and now it is the Senate’s turn. Mr. Chairman, let me point out that the Senate has passed just two appropriations bills through subcommittee and full committee and had floor votes in the Senate since 2012, just two standalone bills in 6 years. Mr. Chairman, certainly I think it is a real problem. The House is doing its job and it is time for the Senate to do theirs, and they may have to stay in session during the month of August to get their work done. The President has promised that he will not sign another 12bill package omnibus bill. We are doing our part here to ensure the process moves forward and that we have the bills to conference with the Senate once they are completed. So I urge my colleagues to support this threebill package to fund our veterans’ healthcare, infrastructure package, and these other important programs. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. VALADAO ), a great member of the Appropriations Committee. Mr. VALADAO. Mr. Chairman, as a member of the committee of jurisdiction, I am proud to rise today in strong support of the fiscal year 2019 Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations bill. Our military servicemembers have made immeasurable sacrifices for our Nation, and we are forever indebted to the brave men and women who have served. Providing access to benefits ranging from medical care to education opportunities is a small, yet important, symbol of gratitude for their service. The bill before us today improves the management of the VA facilities across the Nation and rebuilds our military infrastructure at facilities such as Naval Air Station Lemoore in California’s 21st Congressional District, the district I have the honor of representing. But, most importantly, the legislation ensures our veterans get the care they deserve. In fact, I am proud to say this historic piece of legislation provides the VA with more financial resources than any other previous year, resources desperately needed in order to ensure our veterans receive the services and treatment they have earned and truly deserve. In rural areas like California’s Central Valley, where unemployment is high and primary care options are limited, healthcare options are, unfortunately, inadequate. This is especially true for our Nation’s veterans living in rural America. However, this package delivers targeted, resultsoriented solutions to increase access to healthcare for 3 million veterans living in rural communities across the Nation. On top of that, more than 450,000 veterans from coast to coast are waiting to be compensated for medical claims they have submitted to the VA, and this is simply unacceptable. As a result of this legislation, we can cut through that backlog and provide our veterans with the financial relief they desperately need. Mr. Chairman, I stand here today representing the 22,000 veterans who call California’s 21st Congressional District home. They have sacrificed so much for us and it is past time that we repay the favor. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ), chairman of the Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Utah (Mr. CURTIS) for the purpose of a colloquy. Mr. CURTIS. Mr. Chairman, I rise today in support of increased funding for the Moab UMTRA project in the underlying legislation. This bill would fund the site cleanup at $42 million, an increase of approximately $4 million over last year’s funding. Located just across the street from Arches National Park, the Energy Department is currently undertaking the largest uranium mill tailing pile relocation in the United States. Once the cleanup is complete, this valuable real estate can be used for a wide variety of economic and other uses in the area. I appreciate the leadership of Chairman SIMPSON on this issue as well as his support of other programs that are important to the West within his subcommittee. I urge my colleagues to support funding for the Moab UMTRA project as well as the underlying legislation. Mr. SIMPSON. Reclaiming my time, I appreciate my colleague’s support for the cleanup activities of the Department of Energy. The bill provides $62 million for the cleanup at DOE’s nondefense small sites, $7.1 million above the budget request. Within that, funding for the Moab uranium mill tailings site is available at $42 million. We would be pleased to work with the gentleman from Utah on expediting cleanup of the site and appreciate his support for the underlying legislation. Mr. CURTIS. I would like to thank Chairman SIMPSON for his support of the Moab UMTRA cleanup. I look forward to continuing to work on this issue as well as other issues that can benefit our constituents and the American people. Again, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of this bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time to close. I urge all of my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this bill, which guts critical 
investments in clean energy, guts clean water protection. The Republican raw deal prioritizes President Trump’s border wall and deportation force over muchneeded increases to services that help American families, from early childhood education, job training, to securing the sanctity of our elections. I vote ‘‘no,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to urge Members to vote for this threebill package. I know that both Members of the majority and minority have worked hard on those bills. I think it is important we deliver this package for the American people. I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chair, I thank Ranking Member LOWEY for yielding and for her tireless work. Mr. Chair, as a member of the Appropriations Committee, I rise in strong opposition to this bill—H.R. 5895—the Fiscal Year 2019 Energy and Water, Leg Branch, and MilconVA spending bills. This Republican minibus fails to protect the health, security, and safety of the American people. And really, this bill is an attempt to block critical funding for education, health, and the economic security. Once again, Republicans are funding defense at the expense of priorities here at home. This is shameful and shortsighted. Mr. Chair, the Pentagon does not need more funding. A Washington Post report in 2016 exposed $125 billion in waste, fraud and abuse at the Pentagon. But rather than come clean, leaders at the Pentagon chose to bury the report and continue wasting taxpayer dollars. Yet, Republicans want to increase Defense spending by $17 billion. Mr. Chair—instead of making defense contractors even richer, how about we start helping struggling families home at home? At a time when we should invest robustly in the American people, Republicans are doing just the opposite. The partisan bill before us cuts vital clean energy initiatives, attacks jobcreating investments, and slashes funds for nuclear nonproliferation efforts. All this bill does is make it harder to grow the economy and for hardworking Americans to succeed. By flat funding four of our most important domestic spending bills—including Labor, HHS, and Education, the funding subcommittee I sit on—there will be less money for job training, education, and public health. This is a shame, Mr. Chair. And I am sad to say that with the flat funding of many of our bills—people will lose out. Ameicans want goodpaying jobs. They want to be able to see a doctor when they’re sick. They want safe schools to send their kids to. But instead, Republicans keep shortchanging families so that billionaires, polluters and defense contractors can pad their pockets. This bill is a disgrace. I urge my colleagues to vote no. The CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–71 shall be considered as adopted, and the bill, as amended, shall be considered as an original bill for the purpose of further amendment under the 5minute rule and shall be considered as read. The text of the bill, as amended, is as follows: H.R. 5895 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION A—ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS —CIVIL The following appropriations shall be expended under the direction of the Secretary of the Army and the supervision of the Chief of Engineers for authorized civil functions of the Department of the Army pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related efforts. 
INVESTIGATIONS  For expenses necessary where authorized by law for the collection and study of basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related needs; for surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of proposed river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, and aquatic ecosystem restoration projects, and related efforts prior to construction; for restudy of authorized projects; and for miscellaneous investigations, and, when authorized by law, surveys and detailed studies, and plans and specifications of projects prior to construction, $128,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary shall initiate six new study starts during fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not deviate from the new starts proposed in the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
CONSTRUCTION  For expenses necessary for the construction of river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; for conducting detailed studies, and plans and specifications, of such projects (including those involving participation by States, local governments, or private groups) authorized or made eligible for selection by law (but such detailed studies, and plans and specifications, shall not constitute a commitment of the Government to construction); $2,323,000,000, to remain available until expended; of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of construction costs for facilities under the Dredged Material Disposal Facilities program shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund as authorized by Public Law 104–303; and of which such sums as are necessary to cover onehalf of the costs of construction, replacement, rehabilitation, and expansion of inland waterways projects shall be derived from the Inland Waterways Trust Fund, except as otherwise specifically provided for in law: Provided, That the Secretary shall initiate five new construction starts during fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That for new construction projects, project cost sharing agreements shall be executed as soon as practicable but no later than August 31, 2019: Provided further, That no allocation for a new start shall be considered final and no work allowance shall be made until the Secretary provides to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an outyear funding scenario demonstrating the affordability of the selected new starts and the impacts on other projects: Provided further, That the Secretary may not deviate from the new starts proposed in the work plan, once the plan has been submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  For expenses necessary for flood damage reduction projects and related efforts in the Mississippi River alluvial valley below Cape Girardeau, Missouri, as authorized by law, $430,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  For expenses necessary for the operation, maintenance, and care of existing river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and related projects authorized by law; providing security for infrastructure owned or operated by the Corps, including administrative buildings and laboratories; maintaining harbor channels provided by a State, municipality, or other public agency that serve essential navigation needs of general commerce, where authorized by law; surveying and charting northern and northwestern lakes and connecting waters; clearing and straightening channels; and removing obstructions to navigation, $3,820,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund; of which such sums as become available from the special account for the Corps of Engineers established by the Land and Water Conservation Fund Act of 1965 shall be derived from that account for resource protection, research, interpretation, and maintenance activities related to resource protection in the areas at which outdoor recreation is available; and of which such sums as become available from fees collected under section 217 of Public Law 104– 303 shall be used to cover the cost of operation and maintenance of the dredged material disposal facilities for which such fees have been collected: Provided, That 1 percent of the total amount of funds provided for each of the programs, projects, or activities funded under this heading shall not be allocated to a field operating activity prior to the beginning of the fourth quarter of the fiscal year and shall be available for use by the Chief of Engineers to fund such emergency activities as the Chief of Engineers determines to be necessary and appropriate, and that the Chief of Engineers shall allocate during the fourth quarter any remaining funds which have not been used for emergency activities proportionally in accordance with the amounts provided for the programs, projects, or activities. 
REGULATORY PROGRAM  For expenses necessary for administration of laws pertaining to regulation of navigable 
waters and wetlands, $200,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. 
PROGRAM  For expenses necessary to clean up contamination from sites in the United States resulting from work performed as part of the Nation’s early atomic energy program, $150,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
FLOOD CONTROL AND COASTAL EMERGENCIES  For expenses necessary to prepare for flood, hurricane, and other natural disasters and support emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to such disasters as authorized by law, $35,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the supervision and general administration of the civil works program in the headquarters of the Corps of Engineers and the offices of the Division Engineers; and for costs of management and operation of the Humphreys Engineer Center Support Activity, the Institute for Water Resources, the United States Army Engineer Research and Development Center, and the United States Army Corps of Engineers Finance Center allocable to the civil works program, $187,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official reception and representation purposes and only during the current fiscal year: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation provided in this title shall be available to fund the civil works activities of the Office of the Chief of Engineers or the civil works executive direction and management activities of the division offices: Provided further, That any Flood Control and Coastal Emergencies appropriation may be used to fund the supervision and general administration of emergency operations, repairs, and other activities in response to any flood, hurricane, or other natural disaster. 
ARMY FOR CIVIL WORKS  For the Office of the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works as authorized by 10 U.S.C. 3016(b)(3), $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That not more than 25 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended until the Assistant Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a work plan that allocates at least 95 percent of the additional funding provided under each heading in this title (as designated under such heading in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act) to specific programs, projects, or activities. GENERAL PROVISIONS—CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 101. (a) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act; (4) reduces funds that are directed to be used for a specific program, project, or activity by this Act; (5) increases funds for any program, project, or activity by more than $2,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less; or (6) reduces funds for any program, project, or activity by more than $2,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less. (b) Subsection (a)(1) shall not apply to any project or activity authorized under section 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948, section 14 of the Flood Control Act of 1946, section 208 of the Flood Control Act of 1954, section 107 of the River and Harbor Act of 1960, section 103 of the River and Harbor Act of 1962, section 111 of the River and Harbor Act of 1968, section 1135 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986, section 206 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996, or section 204 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992. (c) The Corps of Engineers shall submit reports on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress detailing all the funds reprogrammed between programs, projects, activities, or categories of funding. The first quarterly report shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 102. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to award or modify any contract that commits funds beyond the amounts appropriated for that program, project, or activity that remain unobligated, except that such amounts may include any funds that have been made available through reprogramming pursuant to section 101. SEC. 103. The Secretary of the Army may transfer to the Fish and Wildlife Service, and the Fish and Wildlife Service may accept and expend, up to $5,400,000 of funds provided in this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ to mitigate for fisheries lost due to Corps of Engineers projects. SEC. 104. None of the funds in this Act shall be used for an open lake placement alternative for dredged material, after evaluating the least costly, environmentally acceptable manner for the disposal or management of dredged material originating from Lake Erie or tributaries thereto, unless it is approved under a State water quality certification pursuant to section 401 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1341): Provided, That until an open lake placement alternative for dredged material is approved under a State water quality certification, the Corps of Engineers shall continue upland placement of such dredged material consistent with the requirements of section 101 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2211). SEC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for any acquisition of buoy chain that is not consistent with 48 CFR 225.7007, subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2). SEC. 106. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out any water supply reallocation study under the Wolf Creek Dam, Lake Cumberland, Kentucky, project authorized under the Act of July 24, 1946 (60 Stat. 636, ch. 595). SEC. 107. Notwithstanding section 404(f)(2) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(2)), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used to require a permit for the discharge of dredged or fill material under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.) for the activities identified in subparagraphs (A) and (C) of section 404(f)(1) of the Act (33 U.S.C. 1344(f)(1)(A), (C)). SEC. 108. The final rule issued by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Secretary of the Army entitled ‘‘Clean Water Rule: ‘Definition of Waters of the United States’’’ (80 Fed. Reg. 37053 (June 29, 2015)) is repealed, and, until such time as the Administrator and the Secretary issue a final rule after the date of enactment of this Act defining the scope of waters protected under the Federal Water Pollution Control Act and such new final rule goes into effect, any regulation or policy revised under, or otherwise affected as a result of, the rule repealed by this section shall be applied as if that repealed rule had not been issued. SEC. 109. As of the date of enactment of this Act and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary of the Army shall not promulgate or enforce any regulation that prohibits an individual from possessing a firearm, including an assembled or functional firearm, at a water resources development project covered under section 327.0 of title 36, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act), if— (1) the individual is not otherwise prohibited by law from possessing the firearm; and (2) the possession of the firearm is in compliance with the law of the State in which the water resources development project is located. SEC. 110. For fiscal year 2019, none of the funds provided in this Act or available in the revolving fund established by the Civil Functions Appropriations Act of 1954 (33 U.S.C. 576(a)) may be obligated or expended on a new hopper dredge. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR CENTRAL UTAHPROJECT  
CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT COMPLETION ACCOUNT  For carrying out activities authorized by the Central Utah Project Completion Act, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which $898,000 shall be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission: Provided, That of the amount provided under this heading, $1,398,675 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for expenses necessary in carrying out related responsibilities of the Secretary of the Interior: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, of the amount made available to the Commission under this Act or any other Act, the Commission may use an amount not to exceed $1,500,000 for administrative expenses. BUREAU OF RECLAMATION  The following appropriations shall be expended to execute authorized functions of the Bureau of Reclamation: 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For management, development, and restoration of water and related natural resources and for related activities, including the operation, maintenance, and rehabilitation of reclamation and other facilities, participation in fulfilling related Federal responsibilities to Native Americans, and related grants to, and cooperative and other agreements with, State and local governments, federally recognized Indian tribes, and others, $1,381,992,000, to remain available until expended, of which $67,393,000 shall be available for transfer to the Upper Colorado River Basin Fund and $5,551,000 shall be available for transfer to the Lower Colorado River Basin Development Fund; of which such amounts as may be necessary may be advanced to the Colorado River Dam Fund: Provided, That such transfers may be increased or decreased within the overall appropriation under this heading: Provided further, That of the total appropriated, the amount for program activities that can be financed by the Reclamation Fund or the Bureau of Reclamation special fee account established by 16 U.S.C. 6806 shall be derived from that Fund or account: Provided further, That funds contributed under 43 U.S.C. 395 are available until expended for the purposes for which the funds were contributed: Provided further, That funds advanced under 43 U.S.C. 397a shall be credited to this account and are available until expended for the same purposes as the sums appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That of the amounts provided herein, funds may be used for highpriority projects which shall be carried out by the Youth Conservation Corps, as authorized by 16 U.S.C. 1706. 
CENTRAL VALLEY PROJECT RESTORATION FUND  For carrying out the programs, projects, plans, habitat restoration, improvement, and acquisition provisions of the Central Valley Project Improvement Act, $62,008,000, to be derived from such sums as may be collected in the Central Valley Project Restoration Fund pursuant to sections 3407(d), 3404(c)(3), and 3405(f) of Public Law 102–575, to remain available until 
expended: Provided, That the Bureau of Reclamation is directed to assess and collect the full amount of the additional mitigation and restoration payments authorized by section 3407(d) of Public Law 102–575: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used for the acquisition or leasing of water for instream purposes if the water is already committed to instream purposes by a court adopted decree or order. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For carrying out activities authorized by the Water Supply, Reliability, and Environmental Improvement Act, consistent with plans to be approved by the Secretary of the Interior, $35,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such amounts as may be necessary to carry out such activities may be transferred to appropriate accounts of other participating Federal agencies to carry out authorized purposes: Provided, That funds appropriated herein may be used for the Federal share of the costs of CALFED Program management: Provided further, That CALFED implementation shall be carried out in a balanced manner with clear performance measures demonstrating concurrent progress in achieving the goals and objectives of the Program. 
POLICY AND ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for policy, administration, and related functions in the Office of the Commissioner, the Denver office, and offices in the five regions of the Bureau of Reclamation, to remain available until September 30, 2020, $61,000,000, to be derived from the Reclamation Fund and be nonreimbursable as provided in 43 U.S.C. 377: Provided, That no part of any other appropriation in this Act shall be available for activities or functions budgeted as policy and administration expenses. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  Appropriations for the Bureau of Reclamation shall be available for purchase of not to exceed five passenger motor vehicles, which are for replacement only. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR SEC. 201. (a) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds for any program, project, or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted by this Act; (4) restarts or resumes any program, project or activity for which funds are not provided in this Act, unless prior approval is received from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress; (5) transfers funds in excess of the following limits— (A) 15 percent for any program, project or activity for which $2,000,000 or more is available at the beginning of the fiscal year; or (B) $400,000 for any program, project or activity for which less than $2,000,000 is available at the beginning of the fiscal year; (6) transfers more than $500,000 from either the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category or the Resources Management and Development category to any program, project, or activity in the other category; or (7) transfers, where necessary to discharge legal obligations of the Bureau of Reclamation, more than $5,000,000 to provide adequate funds for settled contractor claims, increased contractor earnings due to accelerated rates of operations, and real estate deficiency judgments. (b) Subsection (a)(5) shall not apply to any transfer of funds within the Facilities Operation, Maintenance, and Rehabilitation category. (c) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘transfer’’ means any movement of funds into or out of a program, project, or activity. (d) The Bureau of Reclamation shall submit reports on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress detailing all the funds reprogrammed between programs, projects, activities, or categories of funding. The first quarterly report shall be submitted not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 202. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to determine the final point of discharge for the interceptor drain for the San Luis Unit until development by the Secretary of the Interior and the State of California of a plan, which shall conform to the water quality standards of the State of California as approved by the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, to minimize any detrimental effect of the San Luis drainage waters. (b) The costs of the Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and the costs of the San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program shall be classified by the Secretary of the Interior as reimbursable or nonreimbursable and collected until fully repaid pursuant to the ‘‘Cleanup Program—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ and the ‘‘SJVDP—Alternative Repayment Plan’’ described in the report entitled ‘‘Repayment Report, Kesterson Reservoir Cleanup Program and San Joaquin Valley Drainage Program, February 1995’’, prepared by the Department of the Interior, Bureau of Reclamation. Any future obligations of funds by the United States relating to, or providing for, drainage service or drainage studies for the San Luis Unit shall be fully reimbursable by San Luis Unit beneficiaries of such service or studies pursuant to Federal reclamation law. SEC. 203. Hereinafter, notwithstanding any other provision of law, during the period from November 1 through April 30, water users may use their diversion structures for the purpose of recharging the Eastern Snake Plain Aquifer, when the Secretary, in consultation with the Advisory Committee and Water District 1 watermaster, determines there is water available in excess of that needed to satisfy existing Minidoka Project storage and hydropower rights and ensure operational flexibility. SEC. 204. Section 9001(d) of the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–11; 123 Stat. 1295) is amended by striking ‘‘10’’ and inserting ‘‘20’’. SEC. 205. None of the funds in this Act shall be available to implement the Stipulation of Settlement (Natural Resources Defense Council, et al. v. Kirk Rodgers, et al., Eastern District of California, No. Civ. 9 S–88–1658 LKK/GGH) or subtitle A of title X of Public Law 111–11. SEC. 206. None of the funds in this Act shall be available for the purchase of water in the State of California to supplement instream flow within a river basin that has suffered a drought within the last two years. SEC. 207. Section 9(c)(1) of the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 (43 U.S.C. 485h(c)(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘and pumped storage hydropower development exclusively using Bureau of Reclamation reservoirs’’ after ‘‘including small conduit hydropower development’’. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY ENERGY PROGRAMS ENERGY EFFICIENCY AND RENEWABLE ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for energy efficiency and renewable energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $2,078,640,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $153,700,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. CYBERSECURITY , ENERGY SECURITY , AND EMERGENCY RESPONSE  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for energy sector cybersecurity, energy security, and emergency response activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $146,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $11,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. ELECTRICITY DELIVERY  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for electricity delivery activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $175,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $17,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. NUCLEAR ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for nuclear energy activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $1,346,090,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $66,500,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. FOSSIL ENERGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT  For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out fossil energy research and development activities, under the authority of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition of interest, including defeasible and equitable interests in any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition or expansion, and for conducting inquiries, technological investigations and research concerning the extraction, processing, use, and disposal of mineral substances without objectionable social and environmental costs (30 U.S.C. 3, 1602, and 1603), $785,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount $61,070,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. NAVAL PETROLEUM AND OILSHALE RESERVES  For Department of Energy expenses necessary to carry out naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, unobligated funds remaining from prior years shall be available for all naval petroleum and oil shale reserve activities. STRATEGIC PETROLEUM RESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Strategic Petroleum Reserve facility development and operations and program management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $252,000,000, to remain available until expended: 
Provided, That, as authorized by section 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–74; 42 U.S.C. 6239 note), the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell not to exceed $300,000,000 of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve in fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That the proceeds from such drawdown and sale shall be deposited into the ‘‘Energy Security and Infrastructure Modernization Fund’’ during fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That such amounts shall be made available and shall remain available until expended for necessary expenses to carry out the Life Extension II project for the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. SPR PETROLEUM ACCOUNT  For the acquisition, transportation, and injection of petroleum products, and for other necessary expenses pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), sections 403 and 404 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2015 (42 U.S.C. 6241, 6239 note), and section 5010 of the 21st Century Cures Act (Public Law 114–255), $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. NORTHEAST HOMEHEATING OILRESERVE  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for Northeast Home Heating Oil Reserve storage, operation, and management activities pursuant to the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.), $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. ENERGY INFORMATION ADMINISTRATION  For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out the activities of the Energy Information Administration, $125,000,000, to remain available until expended. NONDEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for nondefense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $240,000,000, to remain available until expended. URANIUM ENRICHMENT DECONTAMINATION AND  DECOMMISSIONING FUND For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out uranium enrichment facility decontamination and decommissioning, remedial actions, and other activities of title II of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, and title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, $870,000,000, to be derived from the Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund, to remain available until expended, of which $32,959,000 shall be available in accordance with title X, subtitle A, of the Energy Policy Act of 1992, including for the purchase of not to exceed one ambulance for replacement only. SCIENCE  For Department of Energy expenses including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment, and other expenses necessary for science activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and purchase of not more than 16 passenger motor vehicles and one airplane for replacement only, including one bus, $6,600,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $183,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. NUCLEAR WASTE DISPOSAL  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for nuclear waste disposal activities to carry out the purposes of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (Public Law 97–425), as amended (hereinafter referred to as the ‘‘NWPA’’), including the acquisition of any real property or facility construction, or expansion, $190,000,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund: Provided, That of the funds made available in this Act for nuclear waste disposal and defense nuclear waste disposal activities, 1.62 percent shall be provided to the Office of the Attorney General of the State of Nevada solely for expenditures, other than salaries and expenses of State employees, to conduct scientific oversight responsibilities and participate in licensing activities pursuant to the NWPA: Provided further, That of the funds made available in this Act for nuclear waste disposal and defense nuclear waste disposal activities, 2.91 percent shall be provided to affected units of local government, as defined in the NWPA, to conduct appropriate activities and participate in licensing activities under Section 116(c) of the NWPA: Provided further, That of the amounts provided to affected units of local government, 7.5 percent shall be made available to affected units of local government in California with the balance made available to affected units of local government in Nevada for distribution as determined by the Nevada affected units of local government: Provided further, That of the funds made available in this Act for nuclear waste disposal and defense nuclear waste disposal activities, 0.16 percent shall be provided to the affected Federallyrecognized Indian tribes, as defined in the NWPA, solely for expenditures, other than salaries and expenses of tribal employees, to conduct appropriate activities and participate in licensing activities under section 118(b) of the NWPA: Provided further, That of the funds made available in this Act for nuclear waste disposal and defense nuclear waste disposal activities, 3.0 percent shall be provided to Nye County, Nevada, 0.05 percent shall be provided to Clark County, Nevada, and 0.46 percent shall be provided to the State of Nevada as payment equal to taxes under section 116(c)(3) of the NWPA: Provided further, That within 90 days of the completion of each Federal fiscal year, the Office of the Attorney General of the State of Nevada, each affected Federallyrecognized Indian tribe, and each of the affected units of local government shall provide certification to the Department of Energy that all funds expended from such payments have been expended for activities authorized by the NWPA and this Act: Provided further, That failure to provide such certification shall cause such entity to be prohibited from any further funding provided for similar activities: Provided further, That none of the funds herein appropriated may be: (1) used for litigation expenses; (2) used for interim storage activities; or (3) used to support multiState efforts or other coalition building activities inconsistent with the restrictions contained in this Act: Provided further, That all proceeds and recoveries realized by the Secretary in carrying out activities authorized by the NWPA, including but not limited to any proceeds from the sale of assets, shall be credited to this account, to remain available until expended, for carrying out the purposes of this account. ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY — ENERGY  For Department of Energy expenses necessary in carrying out the activities authorized by section 5012 of the America COMPETES Act (Public Law 110–69), $325,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $29,250,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. TITLE17 INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY LOAN GUARANTEE PROGRAM  Such sums as are derived from amounts received from borrowers pursuant to section 1702(b) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 under this heading in prior Acts, shall be collected in accordance with section 502(7) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided, That for necessary administrative expenses to carry out this Loan Guarantee program, $32,000,000 is appropriated from fees collected in prior years pursuant to section 1702(h) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 which are not otherwise appropriated, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That if the amount in the previous proviso is not available from such fees, an amount for such purposes is also appropriated from the general fund so as to result in a total amount appropriated for such purpose of no more than $32,000,000: Provided further, That fees collected pursuant to such section 1702(h) for fiscal year 2019 shall be credited as offsetting collections under this heading and shall not be available until appropriated: Provided further, That the Department of Energy shall not subordinate any loan obligation to other financing in violation of section 1702 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 or subordinate any Guaranteed Obligation to any loan or other debt obligations in violation of section 609.10 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations. ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY VEHICLES  MANUFACTURING LOANPROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative expenses necessary in carrying out the Advanced Technology Vehicles Manufacturing Loan Program, $5,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. TRIBAL ENERGY LOANGUARANTEE PROGRAM  For Department of Energy administrative expenses necessary in carrying out the Tribal Energy Loan Guarantee Program, $1,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. DEPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  For salaries and expenses of the Department of Energy necessary for departmental administration in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), $280,524,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles and official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $30,000, plus such additional amounts as necessary to cover increases in the estimated amount of cost of work for others notwithstanding the provisions of the AntiDeficiency Act (31 U.S.C. 1511 et seq.): Provided, That such increases in cost of work are offset by revenue increases of the same or greater amount: Provided further, That moneys received by the Department for miscellaneous revenues estimated to total $96,000,000 in fiscal year 2019 may be retained and used for operating expenses within this account, as authorized by section 201 of Public Law 95–238, notwithstanding the provisions of 31 U.S.C. 3302: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $184,524,000. OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $51,330,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACTIVITIES NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION WEAPONS ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for atomic energy defense weapons activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and the purchase of not to exceed one ambulance for replacement only, $11,200,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, 
$102,022,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. DEFENSE NUCLEAR NONPROLIFERATION  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other incidental expenses necessary for defense nuclear nonproliferation activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and the purchase of not to exceed three aircraft, $1,902,000,000, to remain available until expended. NAVAL REACTORS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for naval reactors activities to carry out the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition (by purchase, condemnation, construction, or otherwise) of real property, plant, and capital equipment, facilities, and facility expansion, $1,788,618,000, to remain available until expended, of which, $85,500,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Nuclear Energy’’, for the Advanced Test Reactor: Provided, That of such amount, $48,709,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. FEDERAL SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for Federal Salaries and Expenses in the National Nuclear Security Administration, $422,529,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, including official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $12,000. ENVIRONMENTAL AND OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses necessary for atomic energy defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, and the purchase of not to exceed one passenger minivan for replacement only, $5,759,220,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $295,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. OTHER DEFENSE ACTIVITIES  For Department of Energy expenses, including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment and other expenses, necessary for atomic energy defense, other defense activities, and classified activities, in carrying out the purposes of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including the acquisition or condemnation of any real property or any facility or for plant or facility acquisition, construction, or expansion, $870,300,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of such amount, $301,085,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020, for program direction. DEFENSE NUCLEAR WASTE DISPOSAL  For Department of Energy expenses necessary for nuclear waste disposal activities to carry out the purposes of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982, as amended, including the acquisition of real property or facility construction or expansion, $30,000,000, to remain available until expended. POWER MARKETING ADMINISTRATIONS BONNEVILLE POWER ADMINISTRATION FUND Expenditures from the Bonneville Power Administration Fund, established pursuant to Public Law 93–454, are approved for official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $5,000: Provided, That during fiscal year 2019, no new direct loan obligations may be made. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHEASTERN  POWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, including transmission wheeling and ancillary services, pursuant to section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the southeastern power area, $6,500,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944, up to $6,500,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Southeastern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $0: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $55,360,000 collected by the Southeastern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , SOUTHWESTERN  POWER ADMINISTRATION  For expenses necessary for operation and maintenance of power transmission facilities and for marketing electric power and energy, for construction and acquisition of transmission lines, substations and appurtenant facilities, and for administrative expenses, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500 in carrying out section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), as applied to the Southwestern Power Administration, $45,802,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302 and section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), up to $35,402,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Southwestern Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $10,400,000: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $10,000,000 collected by the Southwestern Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). CONSTRUCTION , R EHABILITATION , O PERATION  
AND MAINTENANCE , W ESTERN AREA POWER  ADMINISTRATION  For carrying out the functions authorized by title III, section 302(a)(1)(E) of the Act of August 4, 1977 (42 U.S.C. 7152), and other related activities including conservation and renewable resources programs as authorized, $265,142,000, including official reception and representation expenses in an amount not to exceed $1,500, to remain available until expended, of which $265,142,000 shall be derived from the Department of the Interior Reclamation Fund: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, section 5 of the Flood Control Act of 1944 (16 U.S.C. 825s), and section 1 of the Interior Department Appropriation Act, 1939 (43 U.S.C. 392a), up to $175,770,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended, for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the Western Area Power Administration: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $89,372,000, of which $89,372,000 is derived from the Reclamation Fund: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $180,408,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration pursuant to the Flood Control Act of 1944 and the Reclamation Project Act of 1939 to recover purchase power and wheeling expenses shall be credited to this account as offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of making purchase power and wheeling expenditures: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred (excluding purchase power and wheeling expenses). FALCON AND AMISTAD OPERATING AND  MAINTENANCE FUND For operation, maintenance, and emergency costs for the hydroelectric facilities at the Falcon and Amistad Dams, $5,207,000, to remain available until expended, and to be derived from the Falcon and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund of the Western Area Power Administration, as provided in section 2 of the Act of June 18, 1954 (68 Stat. 255): Provided, That notwithstanding the provisions of that Act and of 31 U.S.C. 3302, up to $4,979,000 collected by the Western Area Power Administration from the sale of power and related services from the Falcon and Amistad Dams shall be credited to this account as discretionary offsetting collections, to remain available until expended for the sole purpose of funding the annual expenses of the hydroelectric facilities of these Dams and associated Western Area Power Administration activities: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated for annual expenses shall be reduced as collections are received during the fiscal year so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $228,000: Provided further, That for purposes of this appropriation, annual expenses means expenditures that are generally recovered in the same year that they are incurred: Provided further, That for fiscal year 2019, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration may accept up to $122,000 in funds contributed by United States power customers of the Falcon and Amistad Dams for deposit into the Falcon and Amistad Operating and Maintenance Fund, and such funds shall be available for the purpose for which contributed in like manner as if said sums had been specifically appropriated for such purpose: Provided further, That any such funds shall be available without further appropriation and without fiscal year limitation for use by the Commissioner of the United States Section of the International Boundary and 
Water Commission for the sole purpose of operating, maintaining, repairing, rehabilitating, replacing, or upgrading the hydroelectric facilities at these Dams in accordance with agreements reached between the Administrator, Commissioner, and the power customers. FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission to carry out the provisions of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.), including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $3,000, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, $369,900,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, not to exceed $369,900,000 of revenues from fees and annual charges, and other services and collections in fiscal year 2019 shall be retained and used for expenses necessary in this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated from the general fund shall be reduced as revenues are received during fiscal year 2019 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation from the general fund estimated at not more than $0. GENERAL PROVISIONS—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  SEC. 301. (a) No appropriation, funds, or authority made available by this title for the Department of Energy shall be used to initiate or resume any program, project, or activity or to prepare or initiate Requests For Proposals or similar arrangements (including Requests for Quotations, Requests for Information, and Funding Opportunity Announcements) for a program, project, or activity if the program, project, or activity has not been funded by Congress. (b)(1) Unless the Secretary of Energy notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 full business days in advance, none of the funds made available in this title may be used to— (A) make a grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling $1,000,000 or more; (B) make a discretionary contract award or Other Transaction Agreement totaling $1,000,000 or more, including a contract covered by the Federal Acquisition Regulation; (C) issue a letter of intent to make an allocation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B); or (D) announce publicly the intention to make an allocation, award, or Agreement in excess of the limits in subparagraph (A) or (B). (2) The Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress within 15 days of the conclusion of each quarter a report detailing each grant allocation or discretionary grant award totaling less than $1,000,000 provided during the previous quarter. (3) The notification required by paragraph (1) and the report required by paragraph (2) shall include the recipient of the award, the amount of the award, the fiscal year for which the funds for the award were appropriated, the account and program, project, or activity from which the funds are being drawn, the title of the award, and a brief description of the activity for which the award is made. (c) The Department of Energy may not, with respect to any program, project, or activity that uses budget authority made available in this title under the heading ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs’’, enter into a multiyear contract, award a multiyear grant, or enter into a multiyear cooperative agreement unless— (1) the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement is funded for the full period of performance as anticipated at the time of award; or (2) the contract, grant, or cooperative agreement includes a clause conditioning the Federal Government’s obligation on the availability of future year budget authority and the Secretary notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 3 days in advance. (d) Except as provided in subsections (e), (f), and (g), the amounts made available by this title shall be expended as authorized by law for the programs, projects, and activities specified in the ‘‘Bill’’ column in the ‘‘Department of Energy’’ table included under the heading ‘‘Title III—Department of Energy’’ in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act. (e) The amounts made available by this title may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Department shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any program, project, or activity funding level to increase or decrease by more than $5,000,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period covered by this Act. (f) None of the funds provided in this title shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates, initiates, or eliminates a program, project, or activity; (2) increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act; or (3) reduces funds that are directed to be used for a specific program, project, or activity by this Act. (g)(1) The Secretary of Energy may waive any requirement or restriction in this section that applies to the use of funds made available for the Department of Energy if compliance with such requirement or restriction would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or restriction would otherwise have applied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver. (h) The unexpended balances of prior appropriations provided for activities in this Act may be available to the same appropriation accounts for such activities established pursuant to this title. Available balances may be merged with funds in the applicable established accounts and thereafter may be accounted for as one fund for the same time period as originally enacted. SEC. 302. Funds appropriated by this or any other Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2019 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for fiscal year 2019. SEC. 303. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for the construction of facilities classified as highhazard nuclear facilities under 10 CFR Part 830 unless independent oversight is conducted by the Office of Enterprise Assessments to ensure the project is in compliance with nuclear safety requirements. SEC. 304. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to approve critical decision2 or critical decision3 under Department of Energy Order 413.3B, or any successive departmental guidance, for construction projects where the total project cost exceeds $100,000,000, until a separate independent cost estimate has been developed for the project for that critical decision. SEC. 305. The Secretary of Energy may not transfer more than $274,833,000 from the amounts made available under this title to the working capital fund established under section 653 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7263): Provided, That the Secretary may transfer additional amounts to the working capital fund after the Secretary provides notification in advance of any such transfer to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress: Provided further, That any such notification shall identify the sources of funds by program, project, or activity: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress before adding or removing any activities from the fund. SEC. 306. (a) None of the funds made available in this or any prior Act under the heading ‘‘Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation’’ may be made available to enter into new contracts with, or new agreements for Federal assistance to, the Russian Federation. (b) The Secretary of Energy may waive the prohibition in subsection (a) if the Secretary determines that such activity is in the national security interests of the United States. This waiver authority may not be delegated. (c) A waiver under subsection (b) shall not be effective until 15 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, in classified form if necessary, a report on the justification for the waiver. SEC. 307. (a) N EWREGIONAL RESERVES .—The Secretary of Energy may not establish any new regional petroleum product reserve unless funding for the proposed regional petroleum product reserve is explicitly requested in advance in an annual budget submission and approved by the Congress in an appropriations Act. (b) The budget request or notification shall include— (1) the justification for the new reserve; (2) a cost estimate for the establishment, operation, and maintenance of the reserve, including funding sources; (3) a detailed plan for operation of the reserve, including the conditions upon which the products may be released; (4) the location of the reserve; and (5) the estimate of the total inventory of the reserve. SEC. 308. (a) Funds provided by this Act for Project 99–D–143, Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility, and any funds provided by prior Acts for such Project that remain unobligated, may be made available only for construction and project support activities for such Project. (b) The Secretary of Energy may waive the requirement under subsection (a) if the Secretary concurrently submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress— (1) the commitment, certification, and details described in section 3121(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1892); and (2) the lifecycle cost estimate used to make such certification. (c) If the Secretary waives the requirements under subsection (a), the Secretary may not use funds provided for the Project described in such subsection to eliminate such Project until the date that is 30 days after the submission of the lifecycle cost estimate required under subsection (b)(2). SEC. 309. Notwithstanding section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), upon a determination by the President in this fiscal year that a regional supply shortage of refined petroleum product of significant scope and duration exists, that a severe increase in the price of refined petroleum product will likely result from such shortage, and that a draw down and sale of refined petroleum product would assist directly and significantly in reducing the adverse impact of such shortage, the Secretary of Energy may draw down and sell refined petroleum product from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve. Proceeds from a sale under this section shall be deposited into the SPR Petroleum Account established in section 167 of the 
Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6247), and such amounts shall be available for obligation, without fiscal year limitation, consistent with that section. SEC. 310. (a) R EPORT .—The Secretary of Energy shall submit to Congress and the State of Nevada a report on the potential of locating a reprocessing or recycling facility for spent nuclear fuel near the Yucca Mountain site. (b) CONTENTS .—The Secretary shall include in the report required under subsection (a) a description of— (1) the energy technology benefits associated with a reprocessing or recycling facility for spent nuclear fuel; (2) the potential economic benefits for the host community associated with such a facility, including employment, infrastructure development, and workforce development benefits; (3) the energy and national security implications for the supply and availability of nuclear fuel associated with such a facility; and (4) the potential for locating other nuclear fuel cycle facilities near the Yucca Mountain site, such as an enrichment facility for national defense purposes. (c) CONSULTATION .—In preparing the report required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with institutions in the Nevada System of Higher Education, as defined by the State of Nevada, with prior reprocessing research experience. (d) YUCCA MOUNTAIN SITEDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Yucca Mountain site’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2(30) of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101(30)). TITLE IV INDEPENDENT AGENCIES APPALACHIAN REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary to carry out the programs authorized by the Appalachian Regional Development Act of 1965, and for expenses necessary for the Federal CoChairman and the Alternate on the Appalachian Regional Commission, for payment of the Federal share of the administrative expenses of the Commission, including services as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 3109, and hire of passenger motor vehicles, $155,000,000, to remain available until expended. DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board in carrying out activities authorized by the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, as amended by Public Law 100–456, section 1441, $31,243,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. DELTA REGIONAL AUTHORITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Delta Regional Authority and to carry out its activities, as authorized by the Delta Regional Authority Act of 2000, notwithstanding sections 382F(d), 382M, and 382N of said Act, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended. DENALI COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Denali Commission including the purchase, construction, and acquisition of plant and capital equipment as necessary and other expenses, $15,000,000, to remain available until expended, notwithstanding the limitations contained in section 306(g) of the Denali Commission Act of 1998: Provided, That funds shall be available for construction projects in an amount not to exceed 80 percent of total project cost for distressed communities, as defined by section 307 of the Denali Commission Act of 1998 (division C, title III, Public Law 105–277), as amended by section 701 of appendix D, title VII, Public Law 106–113 (113 Stat. 1501A–280), and an amount not to exceed 50 percent for nondistressed communities: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of law regarding payment of a non Federal share in connection with a grantinaid program, amounts under this heading shall be available for the payment of such a nonFederal share for programs undertaken to carry out the purposes of the Commission. NORTHERN BORDER REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Northern Border Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $12,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts shall be available for administrative expenses, notwithstanding section 15751(b) of title 40, United States Code. SOUTHEAST CRESCENT REGIONAL COMMISSION  For expenses necessary for the Southeast Crescent Regional Commission in carrying out activities authorized by subtitle V of title 40, United States Code, $250,000, to remain available until expended. NUCLEAR REGULATORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Commission in carrying out the purposes of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 and the Atomic Energy Act of 1954, $953,050,000, including official representation expenses not to exceed $25,000, to remain available until expended, of which $47,700,000 shall be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund: Provided, That of the amount appropriated herein, not more than $9,500,000 may be made available for salaries, travel, and other support costs for the Office of the Commission, to remain available until September 30, 2020, of which, notwithstanding section 201(a)(2)(c) of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5841(a)(2)(c)), the use and expenditure shall only be approved by a majority vote of the Commission: Provided further, That revenues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $763,640,000 in fiscal year 2019 shall be retained and used for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, not less than $9,896,000 shall be for activities related to the development of regulatory infrastructure for advanced nuclear technologies, and $16,080,000 shall be for international activities, except that the amounts provided under this proviso shall not be derived from fee revenues, notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 2214: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2019 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $189,410,000: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $10,000,000 shall be for university research and development in areas relevant to the Commission’s mission, and $5,000,000 shall be for a Nuclear Science and Engineering Grant Program that will support multiyear projects that do not align with programmatic missions but are critical to maintaining the discipline of nuclear science and engineering, except that the amounts provided under this proviso shall not be derived from fee revenues, notwithstanding 42 U.S.C. 2214. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $12,609,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That revenues from licensing fees, inspection services, and other services and collections estimated at $10,355,000 in fiscal year 2019 shall be retained and be available until September 30, 2020, for necessary salaries and expenses in this account, notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code: Provided further, That the sum herein appropriated shall be reduced by the amount of revenues received during fiscal year 2019 so as to result in a final fiscal year 2019 appropriation estimated at not more than $2,254,000: Provided further, That of the amounts appropriated under this heading, $1,103,000 shall be for Inspector General services for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, which shall not be available from fee revenues. NUCLEAR WASTE TECHNICAL REVIEW BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Nuclear Waste Technical Review Board, as authorized by Public Law 100–203, section 5051, $3,600,000, to be derived from the Nuclear Waste Fund, to remain available until September 30, 2020. GENERAL PROVISIONS—INDEPENDENT AGENCIES SEC. 401. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall comply with the July 5, 2011, version of Chapter VI of its Internal Commission Procedures when responding to Congressional requests for information, consistent with Department of Justice guidance for all federal agencies. SEC. 402. (a) The amounts made available by this title for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission may be reprogrammed for any program, project, or activity, and the Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress at least 30 days prior to the use of any proposed reprogramming that would cause any program funding level to increase or decrease by more than $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, during the time period covered by this Act. (b)(1) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission may waive the notification requirement in subsection (a) if compliance with such requirement would pose a substantial risk to human health, the environment, welfare, or national security. (2) The Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of any waiver under paragraph (1) as soon as practicable, but not later than 3 days after the date of the activity to which a requirement or restriction would otherwise have applied. Such notice shall include an explanation of the substantial risk under paragraph (1) that permitted such waiver and shall provide a detailed report to the Committees of such waiver and changes to funding levels to programs, projects, or activities. (c) Except as provided in subsections (a), (b), and (d), the amounts made available by this title for ‘‘Nuclear Regulatory Commission—Salaries and Expenses’’ shall be expended as directed in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act. (d) None of the funds provided for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that increases funds or personnel for any program, project, or activity for which funds are denied or restricted by this Act. (e) The Commission shall provide a monthly report to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, which includes the following for each program, project, or activity, including any prior year appropriations— (1) total budget authority; (2) total unobligated balances; and (3) total unliquidated obligations. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 501. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before Congress, other than to communicate to Members of Congress as described in 18 U.S.C. 1913. SEC. 502. (a) None of the funds made available in title III of this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fiscal year, transfer authority referenced in the report of the Committee on Appropriations 
accompanying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality. (b) None of the funds made available for any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may be transferred to accounts funded in title III of this Act, except pursuant to a transfer made by or transfer authority provided in this Act or any other appropriations Act for any fiscal year, transfer authority referenced in the report of the Committee on Appropriations accompanying this Act, or any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality. (c) The head of any relevant department or agency funded in this Act utilizing any transfer authority shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a semiannual report detailing the transfer authorities, except for any authority whereby a department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may provide goods or services to another department, agency, or instrumentality, used in the previous 6 months and in the year todate. This report shall include the amounts transferred and the purposes for which they were transferred, and shall not replace or modify existing notification requirements for each authority. SEC. 503. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of Executive Order No. 12898 of February 11, 1994 (Federal Actions to Address Environmental Justice in Minority Populations and LowIncome Populations). SEC. 504. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. SEC. 505. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to further implementation of the coastal and marine spatial planning and ecosystembased management components of the National Ocean Policy developed under Executive Order No. 13547 of July 19, 2010. SEC. 506. None of the funds made available in this Act, or federal funds provided from any other source, may be used to operate the Federal Columbia River Power System hydroelectric dams in a manner that is inconsistent with the Army Corps of Engineers’ 2017 Fish Operations Plan. SEC. 507. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for the removal of any federally owned or operated dam unless the removal was previously authorized by Congress. SEC. 508. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to conduct closure of adjudicatory functions, technical review, or support activities associated with the Yucca Mountain geologic repository license application, or for actions that irrevocably remove the possibility that Yucca Mountain may be a repository option in the future. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  SEC. 509. Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCES TO REPORT  SEC. 510. Any reference to a ‘‘report accompanying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–697. The effect of such Report shall be limited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  SEC. 511. The amount by which the applicable allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION B—LEGISLATIVE BRANCH APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the Legislative Branch for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I LEGISLATIVE BRANCH HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the House of Representatives, $1,232,143,035, as follows: HOUSE LEADERSHIP OFFICES  For salaries and expenses, as authorized by law, $25,378,875, including: Office of the Speaker, $7,123,634, including $25,000 for official expenses of the Speaker; Office of the Majority Floor Leader, $2,642,739, including $10,000 for official expenses of the Majority Leader; Office of the Minority Floor Leader, $7,751,946, including $10,000 for official expenses of the Minority Leader; Office of the Majority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Majority Whip, $2,197,163, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Majority Whip; Office of the Minority Whip, including the Chief Deputy Minority Whip, $1,700,079, including $5,000 for official expenses of the Minority Whip; Republican Conference, $2,186,819; Democratic Caucus, $1,776,495: Provided, That such amount for salaries and expenses shall remain available from January 3, 2019 until January 2, 2020. MEMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES  INCLUDING MEMBERS ’ CLERK HIRE, OFFICIAL  EXPENSES OF MEMBERS , ANDOFFICIAL MAIL For Members’ representational allowances, including Members’ clerk hire, official expenses, and official mail, $573,630,000. COMMITTEE EMPLOYEES  STANDING COMMITTEES , SPECIAL AND SELECT  For salaries and expenses of standing committees, special and select, authorized by House resolutions, $127,903,173: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2020, except that $4,000,000 of such amount shall remain available until expended for committee room upgrading. COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS  For salaries and expenses of the Committee on Appropriations, $23,112,971, including studies and examinations of executive agencies and temporary personal services for such committee, to be expended in accordance with section 202(b) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 and to be available for reimbursement to agencies for services performed: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses until December 31, 2020. TOMLANTOS HUMAN RIGHTS COMMISSION  For salaries and expenses of the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission established under House Resolution 1451, One Hundred Tenth Congress, $230,000: Provided, That such amount shall remain available for such salaries and expenses from January 3, 2019 until January 3, 2020. SALARIES , OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES  For compensation and expenses of officers and employees, as authorized by law, $217,845,000, including: for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Clerk, including the positions of the Chaplain and the Historian, and including not more than $25,000 for official representation and reception expenses, of which not more than $20,000 is for the Family Room and not more than $2,000 is for the Office of the Chaplain, $28,305,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Sergeant at Arms, including the position of Superintendent of Garages and the Office of Emergency Management, and including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $18,773,000 of which $5,524,000 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Chief Administrative Officer including not more than $3,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $147,558,000, of which $11,631,000 shall remain available until expended; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Inspector General, $5,019,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of General Counsel, $1,502,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Parliamentarian, including the Parliamentarian, $2,000 for preparing the Digest of Rules, and not more than $1,000 for official representation and reception expenses, $2,026,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Law Revision Counsel of the House, $3,327,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of the Legislative Counsel of the House, $9,937,000; for salaries and expenses of the Office of Interparliamentary Affairs, $814,000; for other authorized employees, $584,000. ALLOWANCES AND EXPENSES  For allowances and expenses as authorized by House resolution or law, $264,043,016, including: supplies, materials, administrative costs and Federal tort claims, $525,016; official mail for committees, leadership offices, and administrative offices of the House, $190,000; Government contributions for health, retirement, Social Security, and other applicable employee benefits, $239,000,000, to remain available until March 31, 2020; Business Continuity and Disaster Recovery, $16,186,000 of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended; transition activities for new members and staff, $3,000,000, to remain available until expended; Wounded Warrior Program $2,750,000, to remain available until expended; Office of Congressional Ethics, $1,670,000; and miscellaneous items including purchase, exchange, maintenance, repair and operation of House motor vehicles, interparliamentary receptions, and gratuities to heirs of deceased employees of the House, $722,000. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
FEDERAL DEBT  SEC. 110. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any amounts appropriated under this Act for ‘‘HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES—SALARIES AND EXPENSES —MEMBERS ’ REPRESENTATIONAL ALLOWANCES ’’ shall be available only for fiscal year 2019. Any amount remaining after all payments are made under such allowances for fiscal year 2019 shall be deposited in the Treasury and used for deficit reduction (or, if there is no Federal budget deficit after all such payments have been made, for reducing the Federal debt, in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury considers appropriate). (b) REGULATIONS .—The Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives shall have authority to prescribe regulations to carry out this section. (c) DEFINITION .—As used in this section, the term ‘‘Member of the House of Representatives’’ means a Representative in, or a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to, the Congress. 
DELIVERY OF BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS  SEC. 111. (a) None of the funds made available in any fiscal year may be used to deliver a printed copy of a bill, joint resolution, or resolution to the office of a Member of the House of 
Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) unless the Member requests a copy. (b) This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
VEHICLES  SEC. 113. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives to make any payments from any Members’ Representational Allowance for the leasing of a vehicle, excluding mobile district offices, in an aggregate amount that exceeds $1,000 for the vehicle in any month. 
LIMITATION ON PRINTED COPIES OF U .S. CODE TO  
HOUSE  SEC. 114. (a) None of the funds made available in any fiscal year may be to provide an aggregate number of more than 50 printed copies of any edition of the United States Code to all offices of the House of Representatives. (b) This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
DELIVERY OF REPORTS OF DISBURSEMENTS  SEC. 115. (a) None of the funds made available in any fiscal year may be used to deliver a printed copy of the report of disbursements for the operations of the House of Representatives under section 106 of the House of Representatives Administration Reform Technical Corrections Act (2 U.S.C. 5535) to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). (b) This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
DELIVERY OF DAILY CALENDAR  SEC. 116. (a) None of the funds made available in any fiscal year may be used to deliver to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress) a printed copy of the Daily Calendar of the House of Representatives which is prepared by the Clerk of the House of Representatives. (b) This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
DIRECTORY  SEC. 117. (a) None of the funds made available in any fiscal year may be used to deliver a printed copy of the Congressional Pictorial Directory to the office of a Member of the House of Representatives (including a Delegate or Resident Commissioner to the Congress). (b) This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
SPEAKERS  SEC. 118. (a) R EPEAL OF AUTHORIZATIONS FOR  OFFICE SPACE, OFFICE EXPENSES , FRANKING AND  PRINTING PRIVILEGES , AND STAFF.—The first section and sections 2, 4, 5, and 8 of House Resolution 1238, Ninetyfirst Congress, agreed to December 22, 1970 (as enacted into permanent law by chapter VIII of the Supplemental Appropriations Act, 1971) (2 U.S.C. 5125(a), 5126, 5127, 5128, and 5129) are repealed. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (b) of the first section of Public Law 93–532 (2 U.S.C. 5125(b)) is repealed. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to any individual who serves as a Representative in Congress during the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress or any succeeding Congress. ADJUSTMENTS TO COMPENSATION  SEC. 119. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no adjustment shall be made under section 601(a) of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 4501) (relating to cost of living adjustments for Members of Congress) during fiscal year 2019. 
TRANSFER AUTHORITY  SEC. 120. (a) A UTHORITY TOMAKETRANSFERS  AMONG HOUSE LEADERSHIP OFFICES .—Section 101 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1993 (2 U.S.C. 5507) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) Amounts appropriated for any fiscal year for the House of Representatives under the heading ‘House Leadership Offices’ may be transferred among and merged with the various offices and activities under such heading, effective upon the expiration of the 21day period (or such alternative period that may be imposed by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives) which begins on the date such Committee has been notified of the transfer.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. JOINT ITEMS For Joint Committees, as follows: JOINT ECONOMIC COMMITTEE  For salaries and expenses of the Joint Economic Committee, $4,203,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. JOINT COMMITTEE ON TAXATION  For salaries and expenses of the Joint Committee on Taxation, $11,169,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. For other joint items, as follows: OFFICE OF THE ATTENDING PHYSICIAN  For medical supplies, equipment, and contingent expenses of the emergency rooms, and for the Attending Physician and his assistants, including: (1) an allowance of $2,175 per month to the Attending Physician; (2) an allowance of $1,300 per month to the Senior Medical Officer; (3) an allowance of $725 per month each to three medical officers while on duty in the Office of the Attending Physician; (4) an allowance of $725 per month to 2 assistants and $580 per month each not to exceed 11 assistants on the basis heretofore provided for such assistants; and (5) $2,740,000 for reimbursement to the Department of the Navy for expenses incurred for staff and equipment assigned to the Office of the Attending Physician, which shall be advanced and credited to the applicable appropriation or appropriations from which such salaries, allowances, and other expenses are payable and shall be available for all the purposes thereof, $3,798,000, to be disbursed by the Chief Administrative Officer of the House of Representatives. OFFICE OF CONGRESSIONAL ACCESSIBILITY  SERVICES  SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Congressional Accessibility Services, $1,486,000, to be disbursed by the Secretary of the Senate. CAPITOL POLICE SALARIES  For salaries of employees of the Capitol Police, including overtime, hazardous duty pay, and Government contributions for health, retirement, social security, professional liability insurance, and other applicable employee benefits, $374,804,000 of which overtime shall not exceed $47,000,000 unless the Committee on Appropriations of the House and Senate are notified, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee. GENERAL EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Capitol Police, including motor vehicles, communications and other equipment, security equipment and installation, uniforms, weapons, supplies, materials, training, medical services, forensic services, stenographic services, personal and professional services, the employee assistance program, the awards program, postage, communication services, travel advances, relocation of instructor and liaison personnel for the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center, and not more than $5,000 to be expended on the certification of the Chief of the Capitol Police in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $81,554,000, to be disbursed by the Chief of the Capitol Police or his designee: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the cost of basic training for the Capitol Police at the Federal Law Enforcement Training Center for fiscal year 2019 shall be paid by the Secretary of Homeland Security from funds available to the Department of Homeland Security. OFFICE OF COMPLIANCE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Compliance, as authorized by section 305 of the Congressional Accountability Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1385), $5,410,000, of which $550,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That not more than $500 may be expended on the certification of the Executive Director of the Office of Compliance in connection with official representation and reception expenses. CONGRESSIONAL BUDGET OFFICE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For salaries and expenses necessary for operation of the Congressional Budget Office, including not more than $6,000 to be expended on the certification of the Director of the Congressional Budget Office in connection with official representation and reception expenses, $50,737,000. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  
RELOCATION EXPENSES  SEC. 130. (a) A UTHORIZING PAYMENT OF RELOCATION EXPENSES .—Amounts made available for salaries and expenses of the Congressional Budget Office for a fiscal year may be used to reimburse new employees of the Office for relocation expenses if the Director of the Office determines that reimbursing such expenses is of sufficient benefit or value to the Office. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. ARCHITECT OF THE CAPITOL CAPITAL CONSTRUCTION AND OPERATIONS  For salaries for the Architect of the Capitol, and other personal services, at rates of pay provided by law; for all necessary expenses for surveys and studies, construction, operation, and general and administrative support in connection with facilities and activities under the care of the Architect of the Capitol including the Botanic Garden; electrical substations of the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, and other facilities under the jurisdiction of the Architect of the Capitol; including furnishings and office equipment; including not more than $5,000 for official reception and representation expenses, to be expended as the Architect of the Capitol may approve; for purchase or exchange, maintenance, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle, $103,962,000. CAPITOL BUILDING  For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the Capitol, $44,379,000, of which $17,731,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023. 
CAPITOL GROUNDS  For all necessary expenses for care and improvement of grounds surrounding the Capitol, the Senate and House office buildings, and the Capitol Power Plant, $16,761,000, of which $5,519,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023. HOUSE OFFICE BUILDINGS  For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the House office buildings, $187,098,000, of which $127,552,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023, and of which $62,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the restoration and renovation of the Cannon House Office Building; Provided, That of the amount made available under this heading, $7,000,000 shall be derived by transfer from the House Office Building Fund established under section 176(d) of the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2017, as added by section 101(3) of the Further Continuing Appropriation Act, 2017 (Public Law 114–254; 2 U.S.C. 2001 note). In addition, for a payment to the House Historic Buildings Revitalization Trust Fund, $10,000,000, to remain available until expended. CAPITOL POWER PLANT For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the Capitol Power Plant; lighting, heating, power (including the purchase of electrical energy) and water and sewer services for the Capitol, Senate and House office buildings, Library of Congress buildings, and the grounds about the same, Botanic Garden, Senate garage, and air conditioning refrigeration not supplied from plants in any of such buildings; heating the Government Publishing Office and Washington City Post Office, and heating and chilled water for air conditioning for the Supreme Court Building, the Union Station complex, the Thurgood Marshall Federal Judiciary Building and the Folger Shakespeare Library, expenses for which shall be advanced or reimbursed upon request of the Architect of the Capitol and amounts so received shall be deposited into the Treasury to the credit of this appropriation, $118,980,000, of which $36,292,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That not more than $9,000,000 of the funds credited or to be reimbursed to this appropriation as herein provided shall be available for obligation during fiscal year 2019. LIBRARY BUILDINGS AND GROUNDS  For all necessary expenses for the mechanical and structural maintenance, care and operation of the Library buildings and grounds, $70,201,000, of which $42,079,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023. CAPITOL POLICE BUILDINGS , GROUNDS AND  SECURITY  For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of buildings, grounds and security enhancements of the United States Capitol Police, wherever located, the Alternate Computing Facility, and Architect of the Capitol security operations, $52,542,000, of which $26,605,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023. BOTANIC GARDEN  For all necessary expenses for the maintenance, care and operation of the Botanic Garden and the nurseries, buildings, grounds, and collections; and purchase and exchange, maintenance, repair, and operation of a passenger motor vehicle; all under the direction of the Joint Committee on the Library, $14,759,000, of which $3,559,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount made available under this heading, the Architect of the Capitol may obligate and expend such sums as may be necessary for the maintenance, care and operation of the National Garden established under section 307E of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 1989 (2 U.S.C. 2146), upon vouchers approved by the Architect of the Capitol or a duly authorized designee. CAPITOL VISITOR CENTER  For all necessary expenses for the operation of the Capitol Visitor Center, $23,322,000. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
OR OVER BUDGET  SEC. 140. None of the funds made available in this Act for the Architect of the Capitol may be used to make incentive or award payments to contractors for work on contracts or programs for which the contractor is behind schedule or over budget, unless the Architect of the Capitol, or agencyemployed designee, determines that any such deviations are due to unforeseeable events, governmentdriven scope changes, or are not significant within the overall scope of the project and/or program. 
SCRIMS  SEC. 141. (a) None of the funds made available in any fiscal year may be used for scrims containing photographs of building facades during restoration or construction projects performed by the Architect of the Capitol. (b) This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
SECURITY PROGRAMS  SEC. 142. (a) P URPOSE OF PROGRAMS .—Section 906(b) of the 2002 Supplemental Appropriations Act for Further Recovery From and Response To Terrorist Attacks on the United States (2 U.S.C. 1865(b)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) Funds in the account shall be used by the Architect of the Capitol for all necessary expenses for— ‘‘(1) resilience and security programs of the Architect of the Capitol; and ‘‘(2) the maintenance, care, and operation of buildings, grounds, and security enhancements for facilities of the United States Capitol Police and for other facilities associated with such resilience and security programs at any location.’’. (b) TRANSFERS OF FUNDS.—Section 906 of such Act (2 U.S.C. 1865) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection: ‘‘(c)(1) For carrying out the purposes of the account, the Architect of the Capitol may receive transfers of appropriations from any agency or instrumentality of the United States Government upon the approval of— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, in the case of a transfer from an office of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, in the case of a transfer from an office of the Senate; or ‘‘(C) the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, in the case of a transfer from any other office of the Government. ‘‘(2) Amounts transferred under this subsection shall be merged with the account and made available under this section. ‘‘(3) This subsection shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year.’’. 
CONTRACTING AUTHORITY  SEC. 143. (a) I NCREASE .—Section 1201(a)(1) of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2003 (2 U.S.C. 1821(a)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$100,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$250,000’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
INTERAGENCY DETAILS  SEC. 144. (a) A UTHORIZING DETAILS OF EMPLOYEES UNDER JOINT AGENCY AGREEMENTS .— In addition to any other authority relating to the detail of employees, the Architect of the Capitol and the head of any other department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government may enter into a joint agency agreement under which— (1) employees of the Office of the Architect of the Capitol (including employees of the United States Botanic Garden) may be detailed to such department, agency, or instrumentality on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis; and (2) employees of such department, agency, or instrumentality may be detailed to the Office of the Architect of the Capitol on a reimbursable or nonreimbursable basis. (b) DURATION .—The detail of an employee under a joint agency agreement under this section shall be for such duration as may be provided in the agreement, except that in the case of a detail made on a nonreimbursable basis, the duration of the detail may not exceed one year unless the Architect of the Capitol and the head of the department, agency, or instrumentality involved each determine that an extension of the detail of the employee is in the public interest. (c) NOEFFECT ON APPROPRIATIONS OF RECIPIENT OF NONREIMBURSABLE DETAIL .—For pur poses of any law, rule, or regulation, the detail of an employee on a nonreimbursable basis under a joint agency agreement under this section for a fiscal year shall not be treated as an increase or modification of the appropriation for the fiscal year of the office to whom the employee is detailed. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
FEDERAL SOURCES  SEC. 145. (a) P ERMITTING ACCEPTANCE OF EXPENSES .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Architect of the Capitol may accept payment or authorize an employee of the Office of the Architect of the Capitol to accept payment on the Office’s behalf from nonFederal sources for travel, subsistence, and related expenses with respect to attendance of the employee (or the spouse of such employee) at any meeting or similar function relating to the employee’s official duties. Any cash payment so accepted shall be credited to the appropriation applicable to such expenses. In the case of a payment in kind so accepted, a pro rata reduction shall be made in any entitlement of the employee to payment from the Government for such expenses. (b) PROHIBITING ACCEPTANCE FROM OTHER SOURCES .—Except as provided in this section or section 7342 of title 5, United States Code, the Office or an employee of the Office may not accept payment for expenses referred to in subsection (a). An employee who accepts any payment in violation of the preceding sentence— (1) may be required, in addition to any penalty provided by law, to repay, for deposit in the general fund of the Treasury, an amount equal to the amount of the payment so accepted; and (2) in the case of a repayment under paragraph (1), shall not be entitled to any payment from the Government for such expenses. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. LIBRARY OF CONGRESS SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses of the Library of Congress not otherwise provided for, including development and maintenance of the Library’s catalogs; custody and custodial care of the Library buildings; special clothing; cleaning, laundering and repair of uniforms; preservation of motion pictures in the custody of the Library; operation and maintenance of the American Folklife Center in the Library; preparation and distribution of catalog records and other publications of the Library; hire or purchase of one 
passenger motor vehicle; and expenses of the Library of Congress Trust Fund Board not properly chargeable to the income of any trust fund held by the Board, $493,818,272, of which not more than $6,000,000 shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2019, and shall remain available until expended, under the Act of June 28, 1902 (chapter 1301; 32 Stat. 480; 2 U.S.C. 150): Provided, That the Library of Congress may not obligate or expend any funds derived from collections under the Act of June 28, 1902, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That the total amount available for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collections are less than $6,350,000: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, not more than $12,000 may be expended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with official representation and reception expenses for the Overseas Field Offices: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, $8,589,000 shall remain available until expended for the digital collections and educational curricula program: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, $1,133,000 shall remain available until expended for upgrade of the Legislative Branch Financial Management System: Provided further, That of the total amount appropriated, $20,000,000 is provided to enhance public exhibits and visitor services at the Library to remain available until expended, may be obligated and expended only upon written approval by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, following review of a project plan. COPYRIGHT OFFICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses of the Copyright Office, $93,407,000, of which not more than $39,218,000, to remain available until expended, shall be derived from collections credited to this appropriation during fiscal year 2019 under section 708(d) of title 17, United States Code: Provided, That the Copyright Office may not obligate or expend any funds derived from collections under such section, in excess of the amount authorized for obligation or expenditure in appropriations Acts: Provided further, That not more than $6,272,000 shall be derived from collections during fiscal year 2019 under sections 111(d)(2), 119(b)(3), 803(e), 1005, and 1316 of such title: Provided further, That the total amount available for obligation shall be reduced by the amount by which collections are less than $45,490,000: Provided further, That $4,328,000 shall be derived from prior year unobligated balances: Provided further, That not more than $100,000 of the amount appropriated is available for the maintenance of an ‘‘International Copyright Institute’’ in the Copyright Office of the Library of Congress for the purpose of training nationals of developing countries in intellectual property laws and policies: Provided further, That not more than $6,500 may be expended, on the certification of the Librarian of Congress, in connection with official representation and reception expenses for activities of the International Copyright Institute and for copyright delegations, visitors, and seminars: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any provision of chapter 8 of title 17, United States Code, any amounts made available under this heading which are attributable to royalty fees and payments received by the Copyright Office pursuant to sections 111, 119, and chapter 10 of such title may be used for the costs incurred in the administration of the Copyright Royalty Judges program, with the exception of the costs of salaries and benefits for the Copyright Royalty Judges and staff under section 802(e). CONGRESSIONAL RESEARCH SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the provisions of section 203 of the Legislative Reorganization Act of 1946 (2 U.S.C. 166) and to revise and extend the Annotated Constitution of the United States of America, $125,688,000: Provided, That no part of such amount may be used to pay any salary or expense in connection with any publication, or preparation of material therefor (except the Digest of Public General Bills), to be issued by the Library of Congress unless such publication has obtained prior approval of either the Committee on House Administration of the House of Representatives or the Committee on Rules and Administration of the Senate: Provided further, That this prohibition does not apply to publication of nonconfidential Congressional Research Service (CRS) products: Provided further, That a nonconfidential CRS product includes any written product containing research or analysis that is currently available for general congressional access on the CRS Congressional Intranet, or that would be made available on the CRS Congressional Intranet in the normal course of business and does not include material prepared in response to Congressional requests for confidential analysis or research. BOOKS FOR THE BLIND AND PHYSICALLY  HANDICAPPED  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For all necessary expenses to carry out the Act of March 3, 1931 (chapter 400; 46 Stat. 1487; 2 U.S.C. 135a), $52,783,000: Provided, That of the total amount appropriated, $650,000 shall be available to contract to provide newspapers to blind and physically handicapped residents at no cost to the individual. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
REIMBURSABLE AND REVOLVING FUND ACTIVITIES  SEC. 150. (a) I NGENERAL .—For fiscal year 2019, the obligational authority of the Library of Congress for the activities described in subsection (b) may not exceed $194,608,000. (b) ACTIVITIES .—The activities referred to in subsection (a) are reimbursable and revolving fund activities that are funded from sources other than appropriations to the Library in appropriations Acts for the legislative branch. GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE CONGRESSIONAL PUBLISHING  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For authorized publishing of congressional information and the distribution of congressional information in any format; publishing of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed to Members of Congress; and publishing, and distribution of Government publications authorized by law to be distributed without charge to the recipient, $79,000,000: Provided, That this appropriation shall not be available for paper copies of the permanent edition of the Congressional Record for individual Representatives, Resident Commissioners or Delegates authorized under section 906 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be available for the payment of obligations incurred under the appropriations for similar purposes for fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That notwithstanding the 2year limitation under section 718 of title 44, United States Code, none of the funds appropriated or made available under this Act or any other Act for printing and binding and related services provided to Congress under chapter 7 of title 44, United States Code, may be expended to print a document, report, or publication after the 27 month period beginning on the date that such document, report, or publication is authorized by Congress to be printed, unless Congress reauthorizes such printing in accordance with section 718 of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That any unobligated or unexpended balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate: Provided further, That notwithstanding sections 901, 902, and 906 of title 44, United States Code, this appropriation may be used to prepare indexes to the Congressional Record on only a monthly and session basis. PUBLIC INFORMATION PROGRAMS OF THE  SUPERINTENDENT OF DOCUMENTS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of the public information programs of the Office of Superintendent of Documents necessary to provide for the cataloging and indexing of Government publications and their distribution to the public, Members of Congress, other Government agencies, and designated depository and international exchange libraries as authorized by law, $32,000,000: Provided, That amounts of not more than $2,000,000 from current year appropriations are authorized for producing and disseminating Congressional serial sets and other related publications for fiscal years 2017 and 2018 to depository and other designated libraries: Provided further, That any unobligated or unexpended balances in this account or accounts for similar purposes for fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year may be transferred to the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund for carrying out the purposes of this heading, subject to the approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate. GOVERNMENT PUBLISHING OFFICE BUSINESS  OPERATIONS REVOLVING FUND For payment to the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund, $6,000,000, to remain available until expended, for information technology development and facilities repair: Provided, That the Government Publishing Office is hereby authorized to make such expenditures, within the limits of funds available and in accordance with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations as provided by section 9104 of title 31, United States Code, as may be necessary in carrying out the programs and purposes set forth in the budget for the current fiscal year for the Government Publishing Office Business Operations Revolving Fund: Provided further, That not more than $7,500 may be expended on the certification of the Director of the Government Publishing Office in connection with official representation and reception expenses: Provided further, That the Business Operations Revolving Fund shall be available for the hire or purchase of not more than 12 passenger motor vehicles: Provided further, That expenditures in connection with travel expenses of the advisory councils to the Director of the Government Publishing Office shall be deemed necessary to carry out the provisions of title 44, United States Code: Provided further, That the Business Operations Revolving Fund shall be available for temporary or intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title: Provided further, That activities financed through the Business Operations Revolving Fund may provide information in any format: Provided further, That the Business Operations Revolving Fund and the funds provided under the heading ‘‘Public Information Programs of the Superintendent of Documents’’ may not be used for contracted security services at Government Publishing Office’s passport facility in the District of Columbia. GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of the Government Accountability Office, including not more than 
$12,500 to be expended on the certification of the Comptroller General of the United States in connection with official representation and reception expenses; temporary or intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, but at rates for individuals not more than the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of such title; hire of one passenger motor vehicle; advance payments in foreign countries in accordance with section 3324 of title 31, United States Code; benefits comparable to those payable under sections 901(5), (6), and (8) of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 4081(5), (6), and (8)); and under regulations prescribed by the Comptroller General of the United States, rental of living quarters in foreign countries, $578,916,653: Provided, That, in addition, $23,800,000 of payments received under sections 782, 791, 3521, and 9105 of title 31, United States Code, shall be available without fiscal year limitation: Provided further, That this appropriation and appropriations for administrative expenses of any other department or agency which is a member of the National Intergovernmental Audit Forum or a Regional Intergovernmental Audit Forum shall be available to finance an appropriate share of either Forum’s costs as determined by the respective Forum, including necessary travel expenses of nonFederal participants: Provided further, That payments hereunder to the Forum may be credited as reimbursements to any appropriation from which costs involved are initially financed: Provided further, That this appropriation shall be available to transfer amounts to the Department of the Army for the construction of an Army facility at Redstone Arsenal for the sole, unlimited use of GAO: Provided further, That hereafter, amounts appropriated for the salaries and expenses of the Government Accountability Office shall be available to transfer to the Department of the Army for the maintenance of such facility. OPEN WORLD LEADERSHIP CENTER TRUST FUND For a payment to the Open World Leadership Center Trust Fund for financing activities of the Open World Leadership Center under section 313 of the Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2001 (2 U.S.C. 1151), $5,600,000: Provided, That funds made available to support Russian participants shall only be used for those engaging in free market development, humanitarian activities, and civic engagement, and shall not be used for officials of the central government of Russia. JOHNC. STENNIS CENTER FOR PUBLIC SERVICE  TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT  For payment to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1105), $430,000. TITLE II GENERAL PROVISIONS 
MAINTENANCE AND CARE OF PRIVATE VEHICLES  SEC. 201. No part of the funds appropriated in this Act shall be used for the maintenance or care of private vehicles, except for emergency assistance and cleaning as may be provided under regulations relating to parking facilities for the House of Representatives issued by the Committee on House Administration and for the Senate issued by the Committee on Rules and Administration. 
FISCAL YEAR LIMITATION  SEC. 202. No part of the funds appropriated in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond fiscal year 2019 unless expressly so provided in this Act. 
RATES OF COMPENSATION AND DESIGNATION  SEC. 203. Whenever in this Act any office or position not specifically established by the Legislative Pay Act of 1929 (46 Stat. 32 et seq.) is appropriated for or the rate of compensation or designation of any office or position appropriated for is different from that specifically established by such Act, the rate of compensation and the designation in this Act shall be the permanent law with respect thereto: Provided, That the provisions in this Act for the various items of official expenses of Members, officers, and committees of the Senate and House of Representatives, and clerk hire for Senators and Members of the House of Representatives shall be the permanent law with respect thereto. CONSULTING SERVICES  SEC. 204. The expenditure of any appropriation under this Act for any consulting service through procurement contract, under section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, shall be limited to those contracts where such expenditures are a matter of public record and available for public inspection, except where otherwise provided under existing law, or under existing Executive order issued under existing law. 
COSTS OF LBFMC  SEC. 205. Amounts available for administrative expenses of any legislative branch entity which participates in the Legislative Branch Financial Managers Council (LBFMC) established by charter on March 26, 1996, shall be available to finance an appropriate share of LBFMC costs as determined by the LBFMC, except that the total LBFMC costs to be shared among all participating legislative branch entities (in such allocations among the entities as the entities may determine) may not exceed $2,000. 
LIMITATION ON TRANSFERS  SEC. 206. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriation Act. 
GUIDED TOURS OF THE CAPITOL  SEC. 207. (a) Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds made available to the Architect of the Capitol in this Act may be used to eliminate or restrict guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns of offices of Members of Congress and other offices of the House of Representatives and Senate, unless through regulations as authorized by section 402(b)(8) of the Capitol Visitor Center Act of 2008 (2 U.S.C. 2242(b)(8)). (b) At the direction of the Capitol Police Board, or at the direction of the Architect of the Capitol with the approval of the Capitol Police Board, guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by employees and interns described in subsection (a) may be suspended temporarily or otherwise subject to restriction for security or related reasons to the same extent as guided tours of the United States Capitol which are led by the Architect of the Capitol. 
REFERENCES TO ACT  SEC. 208. Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCES TO REPORT  SEC. 209. Any reference to a ‘‘report accompanying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–696. The effect of such Report shall be limited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  SEC. 210. The amount by which the applicable allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION C—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION, VETERANS AFFAIRS, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The following sums are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for military construction, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Army as currently authorized by law, including personnel in the Army Corps of Engineers and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, and for construction and operation of facilities in support of the functions of the Commander in Chief, $1,001,768,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $110,068,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, architect and engineer services, and host nation support, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Army determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  CORPS For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, naval installations, facilities, and real property for the Navy and Marine Corps as currently authorized by law, including personnel in the Naval Facilities Engineering Command and other personal services necessary for the purposes of this appropriation, $2,100,298,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $185,542,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, military installations, facilities, and real property for the Air Force as currently authorized by law, $1,454,723,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of this amount, not to exceed $206,577,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Air Force determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition, construction, installation, and equipment of temporary or permanent public works, installations, facilities, and real property for activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as currently authorized by law, $2,465,738,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That such amounts of this appropriation as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to such appropriations of the Department of Defense available for military construction or family housing as the Secretary may designate, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: 
Provided further, That, of the amount, not to exceed $195,345,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of Defense determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the construction timeline and obligations for the Poland Aegis Ashore complex. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  GUARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $180,122,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $16,622,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Army National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRNATIONAL GUARD  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air National Guard, and contributions therefor, as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $129,126,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $18,500,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Director of the Air National Guard determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Army Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $64,919,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $5,855,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Army Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVYRESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the reserve components of the Navy and Marine Corps as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $43,065,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $4,695,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Secretary of the Navy determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For construction, acquisition, expansion, rehabilitation, and conversion of facilities for the training and administration of the Air Force Reserve as authorized by chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $50,163,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, of the amount, not to exceed $4,055,000 shall be available for study, planning, design, and architect and engineer services, as authorized by law, unless the Chief of the Air Force Reserve determines that additional obligations are necessary for such purposes and notifies the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the determination and the reasons therefor: Provided further, That, the Chief of the Air Force Reserve shall take immediate action to address unfunded military construction requirements for access control points and security issues at Air Force Reserve facilities. NORTH ATLANTIC TREATY ORGANIZATION  SECURITY INVESTMENT PROGRAM  For the United States share of the cost of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program for the acquisition and construction of military facilities and installations (including international military headquarters) and for related expenses for the collective defense of the North Atlantic Treaty Area as authorized by section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, and Military Construction Authorization Acts, $171,064,000, to remain available until expended. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASECLOSURE  ACCOUNT  For deposit into the Department of Defense Base Closure Account, established by section 2906(a) of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (10 U.S.C. 2687 note), $322,390,000, to remain available until expended. FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $330,660,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That none of the funds provided under this heading for family housing construction may be expended for family housing improvements on Kwajalein Atoll until the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that the new housing units represent the best value to the taxpayer and that no reasonable alternatives exist at a lower cost. FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses of family housing for the Army for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $376,509,000. FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND  MARINE CORPS For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $104,581,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023. FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY AND MARINE CORPS For expenses of family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $314,536,000. FAMILY HOUSING CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for construction, including acquisition, replacement, addition, expansion, extension, and alteration, as authorized by law, $78,446,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023. FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE For expenses of family housing for the Air Force for operation and maintenance, including debt payment, leasing, minor construction, principal and interest charges, and insurance premiums, as authorized by law, $317,274,000. FAMILY HOUSING OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE WIDE For expenses of family housing for the activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) for operation and maintenance, leasing, and minor construction, as authorized by law, $58,373,000. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FAMILY HOUSING  IMPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund, $1,653,000, to remain available until expended, for family housing initiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing and supporting facilities. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY  UNACCOMPANIED HOUSING IMPROVEMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund, $600,000, to remain available until expended, for unaccompanied housing initiatives undertaken pursuant to section 2883 of title 10, United States Code, providing alternative means of acquiring and improving military unaccompanied housing and supporting facilities. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  SEC. 101. None of the funds made available in this title shall be expended for payments under a costplusafixedfee contract for construction, where cost estimates exceed $25,000, to be performed within the United States, except Alaska, without the specific approval in writing of the Secretary of Defense setting forth the reasons therefor. SEC. 102. Funds made available in this title for construction shall be available for hire of passenger motor vehicles. SEC. 103. Funds made available in this title for construction may be used for advances to the Federal Highway Administration, Department of Transportation, for the construction of access roads as authorized by section 210 of title 23, United States Code, when projects authorized therein are certified as important to the national defense by the Secretary of Defense. SEC. 104. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to begin construction of new bases in the United States for which specific appropriations have not been made. SEC. 105. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used for purchase of land or land easements in excess of 100 percent of the value as determined by the Army Corps of Engineers or the Naval Facilities Engineering Command, except: (1) where there is a determination of value by a Federal court; (2) purchases negotiated by the Attorney General or the designee of the Attorney General; (3) where the estimated value is less than $25,000; or (4) as otherwise determined by the Secretary of Defense to be in the public interest. SEC. 106. None of the funds made available in this title shall be used to: (1) acquire land; (2) provide for site preparation; or (3) install utilities for any family housing, except housing for which funds have been made available in annual Acts making appropriations for military construction. SEC. 107. None of the funds made available in this title for minor construction may be used to transfer or relocate any activity from one base or installation to another, without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. SEC. 108. None of the funds made available in this title may be used for the procurement of steel for any construction project or activity for 
which American steel producers, fabricators, and manufacturers have been denied the opportunity to compete for such steel procurement. SEC. 109. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for military construction or family housing during the current fiscal year may be used to pay real property taxes in any foreign nation. SEC. 110. None of the funds made available in this title may be used to initiate a new installation overseas without prior notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. SEC. 111. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated for architect and engineer contracts estimated by the Government to exceed $500,000 for projects to be accomplished in Japan, in any North Atlantic Treaty Organization member country, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, unless such contracts are awarded to United States firms or United States firms in joint venture with host nation firms. SEC. 112. None of the funds made available in this title for military construction in the United States territories and possessions in the Pacific and on Kwajalein Atoll, or in countries bordering the Arabian Gulf, may be used to award any contract estimated by the Government to exceed $1,000,000 to a foreign contractor: Provided, That this section shall not be applicable to contract awards for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a United States contractor exceeds the lowest responsive and responsible bid of a foreign contractor by greater than 20 percent: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to contract awards for military construction on Kwajalein Atoll for which the lowest responsive and responsible bid is submitted by a Marshallese contractor. SEC. 113. The Secretary of Defense shall inform the appropriate committees of both Houses of Congress, including the Committees on Appropriations, of plans and scope of any proposed military exercise involving United States personnel 30 days prior to its occurring, if amounts expended for construction, either temporary or permanent, are anticipated to exceed $100,000. SEC. 114. Funds appropriated to the Department of Defense for construction in prior years shall be available for construction authorized for each such military department by the authorizations enacted into law during the current session of Congress. SEC. 115. For military construction or family housing projects that are being completed with funds otherwise expired or lapsed for obligation, expired or lapsed funds may be used to pay the cost of associated supervision, inspection, overhead, engineering and design on those projects and on subsequent claims, if any. SEC. 116. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any funds made available to a military department or defense agency for the construction of military projects may be obligated for a military construction project or contract, or for any portion of such a project or contract, at any time before the end of the fourth fiscal year after the fiscal year for which funds for such project were made available, if the funds obligated for such project: (1) are obligated from funds available for military construction projects; and (2) do not exceed the amount appropriated for such project, plus any amount by which the cost of such project is increased pursuant to law. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 117. Subject to 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, such additional amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense may be transferred to: (1) the Department of Defense Family Housing Improvement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction in ‘‘Family Housing’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund; or (2) the Department of Defense Military Unaccompanied Housing Improvement Fund from amounts appropriated for construction of military unaccompanied housing in ‘‘Military Construction’’ accounts, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same period of time as amounts appropriated directly to the Fund: Provided, That appropriations made available to the Funds shall be available to cover the costs, as defined in section 502(5) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of direct loans or loan guarantees issued by the Department of Defense pursuant to the provisions of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, pertaining to alternative means of acquiring and improving military family housing, military unaccompanied housing, and supporting facilities. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 118. In addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense, amounts may be transferred from the Department of Defense Base Closure Account to the fund established by section 1013(d) of the Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374) to pay for expenses associated with the Homeowners Assistance Program incurred under 42 U.S.C. 3374(a)(1)(A). Any amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the fund to which transferred. SEC. 119. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this title for operation and maintenance of family housing shall be the exclusive source of funds for repair and maintenance of all family housing units, including general or flag officer quarters: Provided, That not more than $15,000 per unit may be spent annually for the maintenance and repair of any general or flag officer quarters without 30 days prior notification, or 14 days for a notification provided in an electronic medium pursuant to sections 480 and 2883 of title 10, United States Code, to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, except that an afterthefact notification shall be submitted if the limitation is exceeded solely due to costs associated with environmental remediation that could not be reasonably anticipated at the time of the budget submission: Provided further, That the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) is to report annually to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress all operation and maintenance expenditures for each individual general or flag officer quarters for the prior fiscal year. SEC. 120. Amounts contained in the Ford Island Improvement Account established by subsection (h) of section 2814 of title 10, United States Code, are appropriated and shall be available until expended for the purposes specified in subsection (i)(1) of such section or until transferred pursuant to subsection (i)(3) of such section. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 121. During the 5year period after appropriations available in this Act to the Department of Defense for military construction and family housing operation and maintenance and construction have expired for obligation, upon a determination that such appropriations will not be necessary for the liquidation of obligations or for making authorized adjustments to such appropriations for obligations incurred during the period of availability of such appropriations, unobligated balances of such appropriations may be transferred into the appropriation ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Construction, Defense’’, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period and for the same purposes as the appropriation to which transferred. SEC. 122. (a) Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds made available in this Act may be used by the Secretary of the Army to relocate a unit in the Army that— (1) performs a testing mission or function that is not performed by any other unit in the Army and is specifically stipulated in title 10, United States Code; and (2) is located at a military installation at which the total number of civilian employees of the Department of the Army and Army contractor personnel employed exceeds 10 percent of the total number of members of the regular and reserve components of the Army assigned to the installation. (b) EXCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of the Army certifies to the congressional defense committees that in proposing the relocation of the unit of the Army, the Secretary complied with Army Regulation 5–10 relating to the policy, procedures, and responsibilities for Army stationing actions. SEC. 123. Amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in an account funded under the headings in this title may be transferred among projects and activities within the account in accordance with the reprogramming guidelines for military construction and family housing construction contained in Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, Volume 3, Chapter 7, of March 2011, as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 124. None of the funds made available in this title may be obligated or expended for planning and design and construction of projects at Arlington National Cemetery. SEC. 125. For an additional amount for the accounts and in the amounts specified, to remain available until September 30, 2023: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $44,100,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $317,800,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $144,450,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $11,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air National Guard’’, $62,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Army Reserve’’, $23,000,000; and ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force Reserve’’, $84,800,000: Provided, That such funds may only be obligated to carry out construction projects identified in the respective military department’s unfunded priority list for fiscal year 2019 submitted to Congress: Provided further, That such projects are subject to authorization prior to obligation and expenditure of funds to carry out construction: Provided further, That not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the military department concerned, or his or her designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. 
(RESCISSIONS OF FUNDS)  SEC. 126. Of the unobligated balances available to the Department of Defense from prior appropriation Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts in the amounts specified: ‘‘NATO Security Investment Program’’, $25,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $31,158,000; and ‘‘The fund established in section 1013(d) of the Demonstration Cities and Metropolitan Development Act of 1966 (42 U.S.C. 3374)’’, $15,000,000: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended. 
SEC. 127. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. SEC. 128. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. SEC. 129. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used to consolidate or relocate any element of a United States Air Force Rapid Engineer Deployable Heavy Operational Repair Squadron Engineer (RED HORSE) outside of the United States until the Secretary of the Air Force (1) completes an analysis and comparison of the cost and infrastructure investment required to consolidate or relocate a RED HORSE squadron outside of the United States versus within the United States; (2) provides to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress (‘‘the Committees’’) a report detailing the findings of the cost analysis; and (3) certifies in writing to the Committees that the preferred site for the consolidation or relocation yields the greatest savings for the Air Force: Provided, That the term ‘‘United States’’ in this section does not include any territory or possession of the United States. SEC. 130. All amounts appropriated to ‘‘Department of Defense—Military Construction accounts for Army, Navy and Marine Corps, Air Force and DefenseWide’’ pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in the National Defense Authorization Act specified for fiscal year 2019 in the funding table in section 4601 of that Act, shall be immediately available and allotted to contract for the full scope of authorized projects. SEC. 131. For an additional amount for the accounts and in the amounts specified, for enhancing force protection and safety at military installations, to remain available until September 30, 2023: ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $50,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $50,000,000; ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $50,000,000: Provided , That such projects are subject to authorization prior to obligation and expenditure of funds to carry out construction: Provided further, That not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the military department concerned, or his or her designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress an expenditure plan for funds provided under this section. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS VETERANS BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation benefits to or on behalf of veterans and a pilot program for disability examinations as authorized by section 107 and chapters 11, 13, 18, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; pension benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 15, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code; and burial benefits, the Reinstated Entitlement Program for Survivors, emergency and other officers’ retirement pay, adjusted service credits and certificates, payment of premiums due on commercial life insurance policies guaranteed under the provisions of title IV of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. App. 541 et seq.) and for other benefits as authorized by sections 107, 1312, 1977, and 2106, and chapters 23, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $108,530,139,000, to remain available until expended, of which $107,119,807,000 shall become available on October 1, 2019: Provided, That not to exceed $18,047,000 of the amount made available for fiscal year 2020 under this heading shall be reimbursed to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ for necessary expenses in implementing the provisions of chapters 51, 53, and 55 of title 38, United States Code, the funding source for which is specifically provided as the ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’ appropriation: Provided further, That such sums as may be earned on an actual qualifying patient basis, shall be reimbursed to ‘‘Medical Care Collections Fund’’ to augment the funding of individual medical facilities for nursing home care provided to pensioners as authorized. READJUSTMENT BENEFITS  For the payment of readjustment and rehabilitation benefits to or on behalf of veterans as authorized by chapters 21, 30, 31, 33, 34, 35, 36, 39, 41, 51, 53, 55, and 61 of title 38, United States Code, $14,065,282,000, to remain available until expended and to become available on October 1, 2019: Provided, That expenses for rehabilitation program services and assistance which the Secretary is authorized to provide under subsection (a) of section 3104 of title 38, United States Code, other than under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of that subsection, shall be charged to this account. 
VETERANS INSURANCE AND INDEMNITIES  For military and naval insurance, national service life insurance, servicemen’s indemnities, servicedisabled veterans insurance, and veterans mortgage life insurance as authorized by chapters 19 and 21, title 38, United States Code, $111,340,000, which shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available until expended. 
VETERANS HOUSING BENEFIT PROGRAM FUND  For the cost of direct and guaranteed loans, such sums as may be necessary to carry out the program, as authorized by subchapters I through III of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That, during fiscal year 2019, within the resources available, not to exceed $500,000 in gross obligations for direct loans are authorized for specially adapted housing loans. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the direct and guaranteed loan programs, $200,612,000. 
ACCOUNT  For the cost of direct loans, $39,000, as authorized by chapter 31 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading are available to subsidize gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans not to exceed $2,037,000. In addition, for administrative expenses necessary to carry out the direct loan program, $396,000, which may be paid to the appropriation for ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For administrative expenses to carry out the direct loan program authorized by subchapter V of chapter 37 of title 38, United States Code, $1,149,000. 
BENEFITS ADMINISTRATION  For necessary operating expenses of the Veterans Benefits Administration, not otherwise provided for, including hire of passenger motor vehicles, reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, and reimbursement of the Department of Defense for the cost of overseas employee mail, $2,922,000,000: Provided, That expenses for services and assistance authorized under paragraphs (1), (2), (5), and (11) of section 3104(a) of title 38, United States Code, that the Secretary of Veterans Affairs determines are necessary to enable entitled veterans: (1) to the maximum extent feasible, to become employable and to obtain and maintain suitable employment; or (2) to achieve maximum independence in daily living, shall be charged to this account: Provided further, That, of the funds made available under this heading, not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2020. VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
MEDICAL SERVICES  For necessary expenses for furnishing, as authorized by law, inpatient and outpatient care and treatment to beneficiaries of the Department of Veterans Affairs and veterans described in section 1705(a) of title 38, United States Code, including care and treatment in facilities not under the jurisdiction of the Department, and including medical supplies and equipment, bioengineering services, food services, and salaries and expenses of healthcare employees hired under title 38, United States Code, aid to State homes as authorized by section 1741 of title 38, United States Code, assistance and support services for caregivers as authorized by section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, loan repayments authorized by section 604 of the Caregivers and Veterans Omnibus Health Services Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–163; 124 Stat. 1174; 38 U.S.C. 7681 note), monthly assistance allowances authorized by section 322(d) of title 38, United States Code, grants authorized by section 521A of title 38, United States Code, and administrative expenses necessary to carry out sections 322(d) and 521A of title 38, United States Code, and hospital care and medical services authorized by section 1787 of title 38, United States Code, $48,747,988,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2018, under this heading, $1,400,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a priority for the provision of medical treatment for veterans who have serviceconnected disabilities, lower income, or have special needs: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall give priority funding for the provision of basic medical benefits to veterans in enrollment priority groups 1 through 6: Provided further, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs may authorize the dispensing of prescription drugs from Veterans Health Administration facilities to enrolled veterans with privately written prescriptions based on requirements established by the Secretary: Provided further, That the implementation of the program described in the previous proviso shall incur no additional cost to the Department of Veterans Affairs. 
MEDICAL COMMUNITY CARE  For necessary expenses for furnishing health care to individuals pursuant to chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, at nonDepartment facilities, $500,000,000 which shall be in addition to funds previously appropriated under this heading that become available on October 1, 2018: and, in addition, $14,419,786,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2019, under this heading, $2,000,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021. 
MEDICAL SUPPORT AND COMPLIANCE  For necessary expenses in the administration of the medical, hospital, nursing home, domiciliary, construction, supply, and research activities, as authorized by law; administrative expenses in support of capital policy activities; and administrative and legal expenses of the Department for collecting and recovering amounts owed the Department as authorized under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, and the Federal Medical Care Recovery Act (42 U.S.C. 2651 et seq.), $7,106,150,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2019, under this heading, $100,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021. 
MEDICAL FACILITIES  For necessary expenses for the maintenance and operation of hospitals, nursing homes, domiciliary facilities, and other necessary facilities of the Veterans Health Administration; for administrative expenses in support of planning, design, project management, real property acquisition and disposition, construction, and renovation of any facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department; for oversight, engineering, and architectural activities not charged to project costs; for repairing, altering, improving, or providing facilities in the several hospitals and homes under the jurisdiction of the Department, not otherwise provided for, either by contract or by the hire of temporary employees and purchase of materials; for leases of facilities; and for laundry services, $5,276,676,000, plus reimbursements, shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, of the amount made available on October 1, 2019, under this heading, $250,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021. 
MEDICAL AND PROSTHETIC RESEARCH  For necessary expenses in carrying out programs of medical and prosthetic research and development as authorized by chapter 73 of title 38, United States Code, $732,262,000, plus reimbursements, shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That of the amount made available under this heading, $27,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023 . NATIONAL CEMETERY ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses of the National Cemetery Administration for operations and maintenance, not otherwise provided for, including uniforms or allowances therefor; cemeterial expenses as authorized by law; purchase of one passenger motor vehicle for use in cemeterial operations; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and repair, alteration or improvement of facilities under the jurisdiction of the National Cemetery Administration, $315,836,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2020. DEPARTMENTAL ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary operating expenses of the Department of Veterans Affairs, not otherwise provided for, including administrative expenses in support of Departmentwide capital planning, management and policy activities, uniforms, or allowances therefor; not to exceed $25,000 for official reception and representation expenses; hire of passenger motor vehicles; and reimbursement of the General Services Administration for security guard services, $346,091,000, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds provided under this heading may be transferred to ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’. 
BOARD OF VETERANS APPEALS  For necessary operating expenses of the Board of Veterans Appeals, $174,748,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2020. INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SYSTEMS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for information technology systems and telecommunications support, including developmental information systems and operational information systems; for pay and associated costs; and for the capital asset acquisition of information technology systems, including management and related contractual costs of said acquisitions, including contractual costs associated with operations authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, $4,105,500,000, plus reimbursements: Provided, That $1,235,320,000 shall be for pay and associated costs, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That $2,521,650,000 shall be for operations and maintenance, of which not to exceed 5 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That $348,530,000 shall be for information technology systems development, and shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That amounts made available for information technology systems development may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs or the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a certification of the amounts, in parts or in full, to be obligated and expended for each development project: Provided further, That amounts made available for salaries and expenses, operations and maintenance, and information technology systems development may be transferred among the three subaccounts after the Secretary of Veterans Affairs requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That amounts made available for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account for development may be transferred among projects or to newly defined projects: Provided further, That no project may be increased or decreased by more than $1,000,000 of cost prior to submitting a request to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress to make the transfer and an approval is issued, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed: Provided further, That the funds made available under this heading for information technology systems development shall be for the projects, and in the amounts, specified under this heading in the report accompanying this Act. 
VETERANS ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORD  For activities related to implementation, preparation, development, interface, management, rollout, and maintenance of a Veterans Electronic Health Record system, including contractual costs associated with operations authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, and salaries and expenses of employees hired under titles 5 and 38, United States Code, $1,207,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress quarterly reports detailing obligations, expenditures, and deployment implementation by facility: Provided further, That the funds provided in this account shall only be available to the Office of the Deputy Secretary, to be administered by that Office. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General, to include information technology, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978 (5 U.S.C. App.), $172,054,000, of which not to exceed 10 percent shall remain available until September 30, 2020. CONSTRUCTION , MAJOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, including planning, architectural and engineering services, construction management services, maintenance or guarantee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, where the estimated cost of a project is more than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, or where funds for a project were made available in a previous major project appropriation, $1,127,486,000, of which $647,486,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2023; and of which $480,000,000 shall remain available until expended, of which $400,000,000 shall be available for seismic improvement projects and seismic program management activities, including for projects that would otherwise be funded by the Construction, Minor Projects, Medical Facilities or National Cemetery Administration accounts: Provided, That except for advance planning activities, including needs assessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and other capital asset management related activities, including portfolio development and management activities, and investment strategy studies funded through the advance planning fund and the planning and design activities funded through the design fund, including needs assessments which may or may not lead to capital investments, and salaries and associated costs of the resident engineers who oversee those capital investments funded through this account and contracting officers who manage specific major construction projects, and funds provided for the purchase, security, and maintenance of land for the National Cemetery Administration through the land acquisition line item, none of the funds made available under this heading shall be used for any project that has not been notified to Congress through the budgetary process or that has not been approved by the Congress through statute, joint resolution, or in the explanatory statement accompanying such Act and presented to the President at the time of enrollment: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading for fiscal year 2019, for each approved project shall be obligated: (1) by the awarding of a construction documents contract by September 30, 2019; and (2) by the awarding of a construction contract by September 30, 2020: Provided further, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall promptly submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a written report on any approved major construction project for which obligations are not incurred within the time limitations established above: Provided further , That notwithstanding the requirements of section 8104(a) of title 38, United States Code, amounts made available under this heading for seismic improvement projects and seismic program management activities shall be available for the completion of both new and existing seismic projects of the Department. 
CONSTRUCTION , MINOR PROJECTS  For constructing, altering, extending, and improving any of the facilities, including parking projects, under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs, including planning and assessments of needs which may lead to capital investments, architectural and engineering services, maintenance or guarantee period services costs associated with equipment guarantees provided under the project, services of claims analysts, offsite utility and storm 
drainage system construction costs, and site acquisition, or for any of the purposes set forth in sections 316, 2404, 2406 and chapter 81 of title 38, United States Code, not otherwise provided for, where the estimated cost of a project is equal to or less than the amount set forth in section 8104(a)(3)(A) of title 38, United States Code, $649,514,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, along with unobligated balances of previous ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ appropriations which are hereby made available for any project where the estimated cost is equal to or less than the amount set forth in such section: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be for: (1) repairs to any of the nonmedical facilities under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department which are necessary because of loss or damage caused by any natural disaster or catastrophe; and (2) temporary measures necessary to prevent or to minimize further loss by such causes. 
CARE FACILITIES  For grants to assist States to acquire or construct State nursing home and domiciliary facilities and to remodel, modify, or alter existing hospital, nursing home, and domiciliary facilities in State homes, for furnishing care to veterans as authorized by sections 8131 through 8137 of title 38, United States Code, $150,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
CEMETERIES  For grants to assist States and tribal organizations in establishing, expanding, or improving veterans cemeteries as authorized by section 2408 of title 38, United States Code, $45,000,000, to remain available until expended. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 201. Any appropriation for fiscal year 2019 for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Readjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ may be transferred as necessary to any other of the mentioned appropriations: Provided, That, before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and such Committees issue an approval, or absent a response, a period of 30 days has elapsed. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 202. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2019, in this or any other Act, under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ accounts may be transferred among the accounts: Provided, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts of 1 percent or less of the total amount appropriated to the account in this or any other Act may take place subject to notification from the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of the amount and purpose of the transfer: Provided further, That any transfers among the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, and ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’ accounts in excess of 1 percent, or exceeding the cumulative 1 percent for the fiscal year, may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued: Provided further, That any transfers to or from the ‘‘Medical Facilities’’ account may take place only after the Secretary requests from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. SEC. 203. Appropriations available in this title for salaries and expenses shall be available for services authorized by section 3109 of title 5, United States Code; hire of passenger motor vehicles; lease of a facility or land or both; and uniforms or allowances therefore, as authorized by sections 5901 through 5902 of title 5, United States Code. SEC. 204. No appropriations in this title (except the appropriations for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’, and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’) shall be available for the purchase of any site for or toward the construction of any new hospital or home. SEC. 205. No appropriations in this title shall be available for hospitalization or examination of any persons (except beneficiaries entitled to such hospitalization or examination under the laws providing such benefits to veterans, and persons receiving such treatment under sections 7901 through 7904 of title 5, United States Code, or the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)), unless reimbursement of the cost of such hospitalization or examination is made to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account at such rates as may be fixed by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. SEC. 206. Appropriations available in this title for ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’, ‘‘Readjustment Benefits’’, and ‘‘Veterans Insurance and Indemnities’’ shall be available for payment of prior year accrued obligations required to be recorded by law against the corresponding prior year accounts within the last quarter of fiscal year 2018. SEC. 207. Appropriations available in this title shall be available to pay prior year obligations of corresponding prior year appropriations accounts resulting from sections 3328(a), 3334, and 3712(a) of title 31, United States Code, except that if such obligations are from trust fund accounts they shall be payable only from ‘‘Compensation and Pensions’’. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, during fiscal year 2019, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall, from the National Service Life Insurance Fund under section 1920 of title 38, United States Code, the Veterans’ Special Life Insurance Fund under section 1923 of title 38, United States Code, and the United States Government Life Insurance Fund under section 1955 of title 38, United States Code, reimburse the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for the cost of administration of the insurance programs financed through those accounts: Provided, That reimbursement shall be made only from the surplus earnings accumulated in such an insurance program during fiscal year 2019 that are available for dividends in that program after claims have been paid and actuarially determined reserves have been set aside: Provided further, That if the cost of administration of such an insurance program exceeds the amount of surplus earnings accumulated in that program, reimbursement shall be made only to the extent of such surplus earnings: Provided further, That the Secretary shall determine the cost of administration for fiscal year 2019 which is properly allocable to the provision of each such insurance program and to the provision of any total disability income insurance included in that insurance program. SEC. 209. Amounts deducted from enhanced use lease proceeds to reimburse an account for expenses incurred by that account during a prior fiscal year for providing enhanceduse lease services, may be obligated during the fiscal year in which the proceeds are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 210. Funds available in this title or funds for salaries and other administrative expenses shall also be available to reimburse the Office of Resolution Management, the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication, the Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection, and the Office of Diversity and Inclusion for all services provided at rates which will recover actual costs but not to exceed $48,431,000 for the Office of Resolution Management, $4,333,000 for the Office of Employment Discrimination Complaint Adjudication, $17,700,000 for the Office of Accountability and Whistleblower Protection, and $3,230,000 for the Office of Diversity and Inclusion: Provided, That payments may be made in advance for services to be furnished based on estimated costs: Provided further, That amounts received shall be credited to the ‘‘General Administration’’ and ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ accounts for use by the office that provided the service. SEC. 211. No funds of the Department of Veterans Affairs shall be available for hospital care, nursing home care, or medical services provided to any person under chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, for a nonserviceconnected disability described in section 1729(a)(2) of such title, unless that person has disclosed to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, in such form as the Secretary may require, current, accurate third party reimbursement information for purposes of section 1729 of such title: Provided, That the Secretary may recover, in the same manner as any other debt due the United States, the reasonable charges for such care or services from any person who does not make such disclosure as required: Provided further, That any amounts so recovered for care or services provided in a prior fiscal year may be obligated by the Secretary during the fiscal year in which amounts are received. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 212. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, proceeds or revenues derived from enhanceduse leasing activities (including disposal) may be deposited into the ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts and be used for construction (including site acquisition and disposition), alterations, and improvements of any medical facility under the jurisdiction or for the use of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Such sums as realized are in addition to the amount provided for in ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’. SEC. 213. Amounts made available under ‘‘Medical Services’’ are available— (1) for furnishing recreational facilities, supplies, and equipment; and (2) for funeral expenses, burial expenses, and other expenses incidental to funerals and burials for beneficiaries receiving care in the Department. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 214. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ and ‘‘Medical Community Care’’ accounts to remain available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. SEC. 215. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may enter into agreements with Federally Qualified Health Centers in the State of Alaska and Indian tribes and tribal organizations which are party to the Alaska Native Health Compact with the Indian Health Service, to provide healthcare, including behavioral health and dental care, to veterans in rural Alaska. The Secretary shall require participating veterans and facilities to comply with all appropriate rules and regulations, as established by the Secretary. The term ‘‘rural Alaska’’ shall mean those lands which are not within the boundaries of the municipality of Anchorage or the Fairbanks North Star Borough. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 216. Such sums as may be deposited to the Department of Veterans Affairs Capital Asset Fund pursuant to section 8118 of title 38, United States Code, may be transferred to the 
‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ and ‘‘Construction, Minor Projects’’ accounts, to remain available until expended for the purposes of these accounts. SEC. 217. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report on the financial status of the Department of Veterans Affairs for the preceding quarter: Provided, That, at a minimum, the report shall include the direction contained in the paragraph entitled ‘‘Quarterly reporting’’, under the heading ‘‘General Administration’’ in the joint explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 114–223. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 218. Amounts made available under the ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’, ‘‘Board of Veterans Appeals’’, ‘‘General Administration’’, and ‘‘National Cemetery Administration’’ accounts for fiscal year 2019 may be transferred to or from the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided, That such transfers may not result in a more than 10 percent aggregate increase in the total amount made available by this Act for the ‘‘Information Technology Systems’’ account: Provided further, That, before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and an approval is issued. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 219. Of the amounts appropriated to the Department of Veterans Affairs which become available on October 1, 2019, for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, up to $307,609,000, plus reimbursements, may be transferred to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571) and may be used for operation of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That additional funds may be transferred from accounts designated in this section to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 220. Such sums as may be deposited to the Medical Care Collections Fund pursuant to section 1729A of title 38, United States Code, for healthcare provided at facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500) shall also be available: (1) for transfer to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, established by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 3571); and (2) for operations of the facilities designated as combined Federal medical facilities as described by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500): Provided, That, notwithstanding section 1704(b)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), amounts transferred to the Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund shall remain available until expended. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 221. Of the amounts available in this title for ‘‘Medical Services’’, ‘‘Medical Community Care’’, ‘‘Medical Support and Compliance’’, and ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, a minimum of $15,000,000 shall be transferred to the DOD–VA Health Care Sharing Incentive Fund, as authorized by section 8111(d) of title 38, United States Code, to remain available until expended, for any purpose authorized by section 8111 of title 38, United States Code. SEC. 222. None of the funds available to the Department of Veterans Affairs, in this or any other Act, may be used to replace the current system by which the Veterans Integrated Service Networks select and contract for diabetes monitoring supplies and equipment. SEC. 223. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress of all bid savings in a major construction project that total at least $5,000,000, or 5 percent of the programmed amount of the project, whichever is less: Provided, That such notification shall occur within 14 days of a contract identifying the programmed amount: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 14 days prior to the obligation of such bid savings and shall describe the anticipated use of such savings. SEC. 224. None of the funds made available for ‘‘Construction, Major Projects’’ may be used for a project in excess of the scope specified for that project in the original justification data provided to the Congress as part of the request for appropriations unless the Secretary of Veterans Affairs receives approval from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. SEC. 225. Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a quarterly report containing performance measures and data from each Veterans Benefits Administration Regional Office: Provided, That, at a minimum, the report shall include the direction contained in the section entitled ‘‘Disability claims backlog’’, under the heading ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ in the joint explanatory statement accompanying Public Law 114–223: Provided further, That the report shall also include information on the number of appeals pending at the Veterans Benefits Administration as well as the Board of Veterans Appeals on a quarterly basis. SEC. 226. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide written notification to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress 15 days prior to organizational changes which result in the transfer of 25 or more full time equivalents from one organizational unit of the Department of Veterans Affairs to another. SEC. 227. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall provide on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress notification of any single national outreach and awareness marketing campaign in which obligations exceed $2,000,000. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 228. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs, upon determination that such action is necessary to address needs of the Veterans Health Administration, may transfer to the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account any discretionary appropriations made available for fiscal year 2019 in this title (except appropriations made to the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ account) or any discretionary unobligated balances within the Department of Veterans Affairs, including those appropriated for fiscal year 2019, that were provided in advance by appropriations Acts: Provided, That transfers shall be made only with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That no amounts may be transferred from amounts that were designated by Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to a concurrent resolution on the budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on emergent healthcare requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by Congress: Provided further, That, upon determination that all or part of the funds transferred from an appropriation are not necessary, such amounts may be transferred back to that appropriation and shall be available for the same purposes as originally appropriated: Provided further, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that request. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 229. Amounts made available for the Department of Veterans Affairs for fiscal year 2019, under the ‘‘Board of Veterans Appeals’’ and the ‘‘General Operating Expenses, Veterans Benefits Administration’’ accounts may be transferred between such accounts: Provided, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall request from the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress the authority to make the transfer and receive approval of that request. SEC. 230. The Secretary of Veterans Affairs may not reprogram funds among major construction projects or programs if such instance of reprogramming will exceed $7,000,000, unless such reprogramming is approved by the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress. SEC. 231. (a) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall ensure that the tollfree suicide hotline under section 1720F(h) of title 38, United States Code— (1) provides to individuals who contact the hotline immediate assistance from a trained professional; and (2) adheres to all requirements of the American Association of Suicidology. (b)(1) None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to enforce or otherwise carry out any Executive action that prohibits the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from appointing an individual to occupy a vacant civil service position, or establishing a new civil service position, at the Department of Veterans Affairs with respect to such a position relating to the hotline specified in subsection (a). (2) In this subsection— (A) the term ‘‘civil service’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2101(1) of title 5, United States Code; and (B) the term ‘‘Executive action’’ includes— (i) any Executive order, presidential memorandum, or other action by the President; and (ii) any agency policy, order, or other directive. SEC. 232. None of the funds in this or any other Act may be used to close Department of Veterans Affairs (VA) hospitals, domiciliaries, or clinics, conduct an environmental assessment, or to diminish healthcare services at existing Veterans Health Administration medical facilities located in Veterans Integrated Service Network 23 as part of a planned realignment of VA services until the Secretary provides to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a report including the following elements: (1) a national realignment strategy that includes a detailed description of realignment plans within each Veterans Integrated Services 
Network (VISN), including an updated Long Range Capital Plan to implement realignment requirements; (2) an explanation of the process by which those plans were developed and coordinated within each VISN; (3) a cost versus benefit analysis of each planned realignment, including the cost of replacing Veterans Health Administration services with contract care or other outsourced services; (4) an analysis of how any such planned realignment of services will impact access to care for veterans living in rural or highly rural areas, including travel distances and transportation costs to access a VA medical facility and availability of local specialty and primary care; (5) an inventory of VA buildings with historic designation and the methodology used to determine the buildings’ condition and utilization; (6) a description of how any realignment will be consistent with requirements under the National Historic Preservation Act; and (7) consideration given for reuse of historic buildings within newly identified realignment requirements: Provided, That, this provision shall not apply to capital projects in VISN 23, or any other VISN, which have been authorized or approved by Congress. SEC. 233. Effective during the period beginning on October 1, 2018 and ending on January 1, 2024, none of the funds made available to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs by this or any other Act may be obligated or expended in contravention of the ‘‘Veterans Health Administration Clinical Preventive Services Guidance Statement on the Veterans Health Administration’s Screening for Breast Cancer Guidance’’ published on May 10, 2017, as issued by the Veterans Health Administration National Center for Health Promotion and Disease Prevention. SEC. 234. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs for the ‘‘Medical Services’’ account may be used to provide— (1) fertility counseling and treatment using assisted reproductive technology to a covered veteran or the spouse of a covered veteran; or (2) adoption reimbursement to a covered veteran. (b) In this section: (1) The term ‘‘serviceconnected’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of title 38, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘covered veteran’’ means a veteran, as such term is defined in section 101 of title 38, United States Code, who has a service connected disability that results in the inability of the veteran to procreate without the use of fertility treatment. (3) The term ‘‘assisted reproductive technology’’ means benefits relating to reproductive assistance provided to a member of the Armed Forces who incurs a serious injury or illness on active duty pursuant to section 1074(c)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, as described in the memorandum on the subject of ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such policy, including any limitations on the amount of such benefits available to such a member except that— (A) the time periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (B) such term includes embryo cryopreservation and storage without limitation on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. (4) The term ‘‘adoption reimbursement’’ means reimbursement for the adoptionrelated expenses for an adoption that is finalized after the date of the enactment of this Act under the same terms as apply under the adoption reimbursement program of the Department of Defense, as authorized in Department of Defense Instruction 1341.09, including the reimbursement limits and requirements set forth in such instruction. (c) Amounts made available for the purposes specified in subsection (a) of this section are subject to the requirements for funds contained in section 508 of division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141). SEC. 235. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act for the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used in a manner that is inconsistent with: (1) section 842 of the Transportation, Treasury, Housing and Urban Development, the Judiciary, the District of Columbia, and Independent Agencies Appropriations Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–115; 119 Stat. 2506); or (2) section 8110(a)(5) of title 38, United States Code. SEC. 236. None of the funds appropriated in this or prior appropriations Acts or otherwise made available to the Department of Veterans Affairs may be used to transfer any amounts from the Filipino Veterans Equity Compensation Fund to any other account within the Department of Veterans Affairs. SEC. 237. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to conduct research using canines unless: the scientific objectives of the study can only be met by research with canines; the study has been directly approved by the Secretary; and the study is consistent with the revised Department of Veterans Affairs canine research policy document released on December 18, 2017: Provided, That not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress a detailed report outlining under what circumstances canine research may be needed if there are no other alternatives, how often it was used during that time period, and what protocols are in place to determine both the safety and efficacy of the research. SEC. 238. For an additional amount for the Department of Veterans Affairs, $2,000,000,000 to remain available until expended, for infrastructure improvements, including new construction, and in addition to amounts otherwise made available in this Act for such purpose, of which: (1) $750,000,000 shall be available for seismic improvement projects and seismic program management activities, including projects that would otherwise be funded by the Construction, Major Projects, the Construction, Minor Projects, Medical Facilities, or National Cemetery Administration accounts; (2) $100,000,000 shall be for National Cemetery Administration projects within ‘‘Department Administration  Construction, Major Projects’’; (3) $800,000,000 shall be for ‘‘Veterans Health Administration—Medical Facilities’’ to be used for nonrecurring maintenance; and (4) $350,000,000 shall be for ‘‘Departmental Administration—Construction, Minor Projects’’; Provided, That the additional amounts appropriated for the purposes of nonrecurring maintenance and minor construction may be used to carry out critical lifesafety projects identified in the Department’s annual facility condition assessments; sustainment projects; modernization projects; infrastructure repair; renovations at existing Veterans Health Administration medical centers and outpatient clinics; and projects included in the Strategic Capital Investment Process plan: Provided further, That notwithstanding the requirements of section 8104(a) of title 38, United States Code, amounts made available under this heading for seismic improvement projects and seismic program management activities shall be available for the completion of both new and existing projects of the Department: Provided further, That the additional amounts appropriated under this section may not be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of both Houses of Congress, and such Committees approve, a detailed expenditure plan, including project descriptions and costs, for any nonrecurring maintenance, major construction or minor construction project being funded with the additional amounts made available in this section. TITLE III RELATED AGENCIES AMERICAN BATTLE MONUMENTS COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, including the acquisition of land or interest in land in foreign countries; purchases and repair of uniforms for caretakers of national cemeteries and monuments outside of the United States and its territories and possessions; rent of office and garage space in foreign countries; purchase (oneforone replacement basis only) and hire of passenger motor vehicles; not to exceed $42,000 for official reception and representation expenses; and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries, when required by law of such countries, $75,100,000, to remain available until expended. 
FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided for, of the American Battle Monuments Commission, such sums as may be necessary, to remain available until expended, for purposes authorized by section 2109 of title 36, United States Code. UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR  VETERANS CLAIMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the operation of the United States Court of Appeals for Veterans Claims as authorized by sections 7251 through 7298 of title 38, United States Code, $33,600,000: Provided , That $2,580,000 shall be available for the purpose of providing financial assistance as described and in accordance with the process and reporting procedures set forth under this heading in Public Law 102–229. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE —CIVIL CEMETERIAL EXPENSES , ARMY 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for maintenance, operation, and improvement of Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Airmen’s Home National Cemetery, including the purchase or lease of passenger motor vehicles for replacement on a oneforone basis only, and not to exceed $1,000 for official reception and representation expenses, $70,800,000, of which not to exceed $15,000,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2021. In addition, such sums as may be necessary for parking maintenance, repairs and replacement, to be derived from the ‘‘Lease of Department of Defense Real Property for Defense Agencies’’ account. 
CONSTRUCTION  For necessary expenses for planning and design and construction at Arlington National Cemetery and Soldiers’ and Airmen’s Home National Cemetery, $73,855,000, to remain available until expended, for planning and design and construction associated with the Southern Expansion project at Arlington National Cemetery. ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME 
TRUST FUND  For expenses necessary for the Armed Forces Retirement Home to operate and maintain the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi, to be paid from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $64,300,000, of which $1,000,000 shall remain available until expended for construction and renovation of the physical plants at the Armed Forces Retirement Home— Washington, District of Columbia, and the Armed Forces Retirement Home—Gulfport, Mississippi: Provided, That of the amounts made 
available under this heading from funds available in the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund, $22,000,000 shall be paid from the general fund of the Treasury to the Trust Fund. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISION  SEC. 301. Amounts deposited into the special account established under 10 U.S.C. 4727 are appropriated and shall be available until expended to support activities at the Army National Military Cemeteries. TITLE IV OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Army’’, $261,250,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading shall be for construction of the High Value Detention Facility, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, unless authorized in an Act authorizing appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military construction. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $227,320,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’ $345,800,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , DEFENSE WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, DefenseWide’’, $87,050,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, for projects outside of the United States: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  SEC. 401. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. SEC. 402. None of the funds appropriated for military construction projects outside the United States under this title may be obligated or expended for planning and design of any project associated with the European Deterrence Initiative until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a list of all of the military construction projects associated with the European Deterrence Initiative which the Secretary acticipates will be carried out during each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 501. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 502. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any program, project, or activity, when it is made known to the Federal entity or official to which the funds are made available that the program, project, or activity is not in compliance with any Federal law relating to risk assessment, the protection of private property rights, or unfunded mandates. SEC. 503. All departments and agencies funded under this Act are encouraged, within the limits of the existing statutory authorities and funding, to expand their use of ‘‘E–Commerce’’ technologies and procedures in the conduct of their business practices and public service activities. SEC. 504. Unless stated otherwise, all reports and notifications required by this Act shall be submitted to the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. SEC. 505. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this or any other appropriations Act. SEC. 506. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for a project or program named for an individual serving as a Member, Delegate, or Resident Commissioner of the United States House of Representatives. SEC. 507. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises national security; or (2) the report contains confidential or proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. SEC. 508. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. SEC. 509. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used by an agency of the executive branch to pay for firstclass travel by an employee of the agency in contravention of sections 301–10.122 through 301–10.124 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations. SEC. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to execute a contract for goods or services, including construction services, where the contractor has not complied with Executive Order No. 12989. SEC. 511. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or the Department of Veterans Affairs to lease or purchase new light duty vehicles for any executive fleet, or for an agency’s fleet inventory, except in accordance with Presidential Memorandum—Federal Fleet Performance, dated May 24, 2011. SEC. 512. (a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense in this Act may be used to construct, renovate, or expand any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. REFERENCES TO ACT  SEC. 513. Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. 
REFERENCES TO REPORT  SEC. 514. Any reference to a ‘‘report accompanying this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as a reference to House Report 115–673. The effect of such Report shall be limited to this division and shall apply for purposes of determining the allocation of funds provided by, and the implementation of, this division. 
SPENDING REDUCTION ACCOUNT  SEC. 515. The amount by which the applicable allocation of new budget authority made by the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives under section 302(b) of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974 exceeds the amount of proposed new budget authority is $0. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’. 
The CHAIR. Are there any points of order against the bill? 
Mr. HARPER. Mr. Chairman, I raise a point of order against the following provision contained in H.R. 5895 because it violates clause 2 of House rule XXI. This provision is on page 66, line 14, through page 66, line 20, and relates to the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission. Under clause 2(a)(1) of rule XXI, ‘‘an appropriation may not be reported in a general appropriation bill . . . for an expenditure not previously authorized by law. . . . ’’ Mr. Chairman, the Committee on House Administration is responsible for providing funding for House Committees, other than for the Committee on House Appropriations. Sections 5 and 7 of H. Res. 1451 of the Commission’s enabling resolution, which is carried forward through H. Res. 5, make clear the Commission is not authorized to receive a direct appropriation. The Commission’s enabling resolution specifies the role of the Committee on Foreign Affairs in providing staff and resources for the Commission, as well as funding for the Commission. In fact, consistent with H. Res. 1451, at the request of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on House Administration adopted Committee Resolution 115–9 earlier this year authorizing $200,000 from the Committee’s reserve fund to provide for support for Commission personnel. 
In summary, Mr. Chairman, there is no authorization for the Commission to receive a direct appropriation of funds, and I reiterate my point of order. I ask for a ruling of the Chair. The CHAIR. Does any other Member wish to be heard on the point of order? If not, the Chair will rule. The provision proposes an item of appropriation for the Tom Lantos Human Rights Commission. Under clause 2(a) of rule XXI, such an item of appropriation must be specifically authorized by law. The burden of establishing the authorization in law rests in this instance with the committee or other proponent of the provision. Finding that this burden has not been carried, the point of order is sustained and the provision is stricken from the bill. 
The CHAIR. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of House Report 115–711 and pro forma amendments described in section 4 of this resolution. Each further amendment printed in part B of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except as provided by section 4 of House Resolution 918, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. b1630 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . COLLINS OF  
The CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 2, line 23, after the dollar amount, insert (increased by $1,200,000). Page 7, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert (reduced by $1,200,000). 
The CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from New York (Mr. COLLINS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Chair, my amendment would increase the Army Corps investigation account by $1.2 million. Increased funding under this account will allow additional studies that were previously authorized in the Water Resources Development Act to be completed by the Army Corps. One example is the Great Lakes Coastal Resiliency Study. This study was authorized in 1986, and, although it is a priority of the Army Corps, it has not been funded. This study pulls together Federal, State, local, and private resources to create a strategy to preserve and protect the shorelines of the Great Lakes. Last year, my constituents in western New York felt the devastating impact of high lake levels. We saw the worst flooding we have seen in decades along Lake Ontario. The flooding destroyed homes and wreaked havoc on businesses along the shoreline. This study will create a comprehensive strategy to protect these communities so they do not suffer again. I look forward to working with my colleagues in Congress, as well as the Army Corps, to ensure that studies like the Great Lakes Coastal Resiliency Study receive funding. Mr. Chair, I urge support of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. ZELDIN ). Without objection, the gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I understand the Great Lakes Coastal Resiliency Study is of great importance to my colleague from New York as well as other Members from the Great Lakes region. I would like to note that the underlying bill includes funding and authority for new studies, including a multipurpose study like the Great Lakes study. I also remind my colleagues that the amendment increases the funding level of an account. It does not direct the funding to any particular activity. For that reason and because the amendment does not constitute a major shift in funding between accounts, I would not oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), if she has any comments to make. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong support of my fellow Great Lakes colleague’s amendment and thank him for raising the issue. I think the Great Lakes have finally arrived at the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers. As the gentleman knows and as I have made clear to the Corps, our Great Lakes Members and myself are very supportive of the proposal for a Great Lakes Coastal Resiliency Study. The study will take an inclusive view of how to make our coastline more resilient, with an eye toward using more sustainable, green, or natural infrastructure to reduce runoff, mitigate erosion and flooding, and protect property. This approach will ultimately save money as the Corps looks to fulfill its mission in the face of changing environmental hazards. And I have to say, over my many years of service, we finally have at the Corps not just civil engineers, we have environmental engineers. We have raised a new generation of Americans who understand the relationship between structures and the environment. It is a new day at the Corps, and nobody welcomes it more than this Member. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the gentleman for offering this amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of New York. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. COLLINS ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MR . ABRAHAM  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 3, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $17,410,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $17,410,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase the Corps of Engineers construction account to address the $96 billion backlog in construction projects across the country. My amendment would offset this increase by reducing the Department of Energy’s departmental administration and bringing it closer in line with the President’s budget request. Our water infrastructure is aging and deteriorating, and the Corps of Engineers has failed to keep up with these projects across the country because of the growing bureaucratic morass that delays construction and leads to wasteful cost overruns. While the Corps needs reforms to expedite project delivery, we in Congress should also prioritize spending and provide more resources to water infrastructure. Projects in Louisiana would greatly benefit from increased construction and operation and maintenance funding, especially projects like the J. Bennett Johnston Waterway, the OuachitaBlack Rivers Navigation Project, and the Madison Parish and Lake Providence Ports. These projects are critical for the economy in the Mississippi Delta. I commend Chairman SIMPSON for his leadership in increasing water infrastructure funding since he has been chairman of the Energy and Water Subcommittee. This bill provides significant increases in the additional funding pots 
and maintenance. This additional funding will increase the opportunities for worthy projects to compete for limited dollars. Although I intend to withdraw my amendment, Congress should continue to provide more funding to projects across the country that improve commerce, grow the economy, and that protect homes and businesses from flooding. I hope to work with Chairman SIMPSON and his committee to address the issue moving forward. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I want to assure my colleague that when the Appropriations Committee develops its bills it takes into consideration the requests and priorities of Members of the House. Funding levels in the underlying bill reflect those requests, including those requests from the gentleman from Louisiana. Specifically, funding above the budget request for construction of navigation projects totals $625 million, an increase of $176 million above fiscal year 2018. Additional funding for operation and maintenance of inland navigation projects is at $50 million, an increase of $20 million above last year’s additional funding level. While we can’t specify funding for any particular project, we have worked hard to ensure significant funding for which projects not in the budget request can compete. I would be happy to continue working with my colleague from Louisiana to ensure significant funding for the critical water resources infrastructure work of the Corps of Engineers, and I thank him for his willingness to withdraw the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for his commitment to work with me on this issue, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 3, line 15, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $7,000,000) (increased by $7,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would direct the Army Corps to consider the historic and national significance of dredging projects as the Corps makes its funding decisions. In my area, this amendment will provide muchneeded support for the completion of the Plymouth Harbor dredging project in time for the celebrations of the 400th anniversary of the Mayflower landing in Plymouth and Provincetown, Massachusetts. The year 2020 will be a momentous year for our country, as we commemorate the 400th anniversary of the settlement at Plymouth by the Pilgrims, the vital contributions of the Aquinnah and Mashpee Wampanoag Tribes, and the significant events that followed, including the signing of the Mayflower Compact, the 50year Pilgrim Wampanoag peace treaty, and, of course, the first Thanksgiving. For my entire time in Congress, I have worked closely with my constituents to prepare for this commemoration of Plymouth 400. The Plymouth Harbor dredging project has always been at the heart of these preparations. The dredging project is required ahead of the return to Plymouth of the fully restored Mayflower II, a fullscale replica of the original ship that brought the Pilgrims to Cape Cod in 1620. The Mayflower II cannot return to her home in Plymouth Harbor unless muchneeded dredging work is completed. We also anticipate a maritime salute to mark the return of the Mayflower II as part of the commemoration, and the flotilla will need safe passage in the harbor. Furthermore, an uptick in marine traffic is also expected as Americans and visitors from around the world travel to Plymouth to participate in the 2020 celebration. It is therefore critical for navigational safety concerns that this dredging occur. This amendment will help ensure that one of the final pieces of the 2020 commemoration is completed and in place. We anticipate an exceedingly memorable year for the people of our community, for visitors across the country, and for a significant number of international visitors as well. Mr. Chair, I look forward to the completion of this project ahead of the commemoration, which also, it is important to note, will bring in significant added revenue and jobs. I thank the chairman, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I can certainly understand my colleague’s interest in this issue, and I agree that there are certain circumstances where the Corps should consider more than just commercial tonnage using a waterway when allocating funding. In fact, a report accompanying the bill directs the Corps to consider several criteria other than just tonnage. Since the amendment does not upset the balance of priorities within the bill nor direct funds to any particular project or activity, I will not oppose the amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I thank the chairman and staff for their cooperation. And I also invite them to come to Plymouth in 2020 and enjoy what will be an amazing international celebration and a celebration of the beginning of our country as well. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 4 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 11, beginning on line 21, strike section 107. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment seeks to preserve our current Clean Water Act protections over our rivers, streams, and wetlands. Our Nation’s river system and wetlands provide values that no other ecosystem can: natural water quality improvement; flood protection; shoreline erosion control; recreation; general aesthetic appreciation; and national products for our use at no cost. Yet section 107 of this bill seeks to undermine protection of streams and wetlands and the critical balance between protecting these waters and the daytoday operations of our Nation’s farmers, ranchers, and foresters. Under current law, farmers, ranchers, and foresters can carry out their normal operations in any water body without requiring a Clean Water Act permit. What this means is that farmers can continue to plow their fields—including potential wet areas that have been farmed for decades—plant their seeds, and harvest their crops without ever having to obtain approval under the Clean Water Act. Any normal farming, ranching, or forestry exemption is going to include 
minor limitations. For example, a farmer cannot use the current exemption to convert his farmland to a residential development without obtaining a permit; a rancher can’t use this exemption to plow under a wetland to expand his grazing lands; and forestry operations can’t use this exemption to change the course of a local stream to improve drainage on their growing lands. In short, the way the Clean Water Act currently operates is to allow normal ranching, farming, and forestry operations to continue without a permit unless the activity either changes or converts the use of a water body to a new purpose or impairs the historic flow or reach of a stream or wetland. If the planned activity triggers either of these limitations, current law obviously would require that activity to obtain a permit. Section 107 of this bill, in essence, would provide an absolute Clean Water Act exemption for impacts to any streams or wetlands that happen to be on agricultural, ranching, or forestry lands. Mr. Chairman, this is a fundamental change to the Clean Water Act, and it is one where the impacts have never been explored. This amendment would be a significant departure from almost 40 years of implementation of the Clean Water Act by Democrats and Republicans by eliminating the existing provision requiring that the exemptions apply only to normal—as in established, ongoing—farming practices. b1645 Mr. Chairman, we should not be using an appropriations bill to change Federal policy related to the protection of our Nation’s rivers and streams. To the best of my knowledge, no hearings or investigations on the impacts of this provision have ever been held. If this Congress is interested in overturning almost 40 years of Clean Water Act precedent, regular order would require hearings before the House Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and approval by that committee before consideration on the floor. This rider is bad policy for the protection of our environment, bad policy for the protection of human health, and bad policy for the protection of public safety. Mr. Chairman, I urge support for my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in strong opposition to this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would allow the regulatory overreach that has been happening to the agriculture community through misuse of the Clean Water Act. The recapture provision of the Clean Water Act was never meant to swallow the original intent of the agricultural exemptions, the clear ag exemptions in the law. But that is exactly what has started happening, and if this amendment passes, it will only get worse. The agriculture industry is already one of the most overregulated in the country, and there is little clarity for farmers and ranchers about what exactly those regulations are and how they apply to their operations. This amendment provides additional uncertainty. It was never the intention of the Clean Water Act to punish farmers for conducting normal farming operations such as plowing or doing stock pond maintenance, yet that is what is happening. Without the ability to freely conduct these normal activities, farmers and ranchers are unable to do their jobs and grow the food we need as a nation. There is a difference between filling a river, a wetland, and plowing the corner of your own field. These exemptions were constructed to address that difference. The ongoing expansion of enforcement under the Clean Water Act has chipped away at the rights of landowners and has made it a danger to farmers to effectively utilize their own property. This hasn’t been happening for 40 years. It was never the original intent. This is a fairly recent expansion of the interpretation of the law. Indeed, it is ridiculous that a farmer has to worry about being slapped with a fine, in some cases millions of dollars. This has occurred for simply conducting normal farming activities on their land where there are clear exemptions for agriculture. In my own district in northern California, there have already been lawsuits against residents for farming without Federal permission. Cases like these across the country cost farmers millions of dollars in legal damages, and they risk running farmers out of business. If this amendment is not defeated, these damages to the farm community will only grow. It is not a situation we want to put upon an industry that is already, in many cases, in financial crisis. Farmers and ranchers deserve our support, and they deserve the ability to make decisions about managing their land, whether it is going to be in a crop this year or not, and not have the Federal Government decide if it has been idle for a few years now that that is an abandonment of their land. Market conditions and a lot of different things affect what a farmer’s decision is going to be; but, indeed, it is their land without having more ambiguity and aggressive enforcements over things that really clearly are exempt in the Clean Water Act. So we don’t need additional red tape, and we don’t need these threats. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I find myself confused by the comments of my distinguished friend from California. Nothing has changed in the law in 40 years. This law has been applied under Democratic and Republican Presidents and administrations. The law is very clear that any normal farming use, forestry, agriculture or ranching is exempt already. It is only a wholesale shift from what the farm’s original exemption was intended for that would require a Clean Water Act permit. So if a farmer is, in fact, going to turn out and develop houses, a subdivision, you need a clean water permit. But there is nothing in there that says you need a clean water permit to plow, to plant, or to use the land as it has always been used. My fear is that I don’t know of any specific instances where there has been an overinterpretation of existing law, but section 107 would basically throw out the entire baby in order to fix an overinterpretation problem by one or two agents of the Department of Agriculture. Essentially, section 107 says everything is accepted under the Clean Water Act if it is agriculture, forestry, or ranching on that land. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I would invite my friend, Mr. BEYER , to come talk to the ranchers and farmers who are being hit with these new interpretations and aggressive interpretations coming out of the divisions of northern California to see what is happening to them for simply applying farming techniques to their land. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ). Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman for yielding. Yes, it is true that this was written in 1977. The law has stayed the same since 1977. That doesn’t mean that the interpretation of the law by agencies has been the same since then, and that interpretation has changed over time. In recent years, the Corps and the EPA have changed the implementation of these provisions to significantly reduce the application of the statutory exemptions. This language in the underlying bill is intended to get us back to the original intent of the law. That is all it is meant to do is get back to the original intent of the law. If the gentleman is correct and they are interpreting the law the same as they have for 40 years, then this wouldn’t be necessary. But the fact is that is not the case. They have been changing the way they implement this law. This is meant to get us back to the original intent, and, therefore, I must oppose the amendment that would strike this language. Mr. LAMALFA. How much time do I have remaining, Mr. Chairman? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from California has 5 seconds remaining. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, in closing, I respect the concern about an overinterpretation of existing law that has been on the books for 40 years. The real challenge with section 107 is it throws out the entire exemption process and makes everything legal. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Chairman, again, it has been a much more aggressive interpretation of the exemptions under the Clean Water Act that were clearly made by Congress to allow normal farming activities, the normal crop rotation that you would use. Indeed, if these activities were applied even more aggressively, normal yeartoyear crops could find themselves unable to be planted because of plowing or disking or land planing, things that are considered normal in the millions of acres we have in northern California that are under agriculture. So the activities of the EPA and the Army Corps go above the law to impose these requirements, and they certainly expand the jurisdiction of the Clean Water Act well beyond what Congress had ever intended 40plus years ago. Mr. Chairman, I strongly oppose this amendment and urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 5 OFFERED BY MR . RUIZ 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 5 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 14, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000) (increased by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 5895 to provide $2 million in additional critical funding for Bureau of Reclamation environmental restoration projects that will benefit our public health within a region such as the Salton Sea in my congressional district in southern California. The Bureau of Reclamation is responsible for managing, developing, and restoring our Nation’s waters to support the interests of the American people, and there are few interests more important than protecting the public’s health. To demonstrate why projects that support the public’s health are so important, I want to talk about the Salton Sea, the largest inland body of water in the entire State of California. Located in Riverside and Imperial Counties, the Salton Sea was once the jewel of the southern California desert, drawing thousands of tourists, birdwatchers, and other outdoors and water sports enthusiasts. Having grown up near the Salton Sea, I have wonderful memories of going fishing there with my father and picnicking with my family. However, for decades now, deteriorating water quality and reduced water inflows have made the declining lake bed of the Salton Sea a public health danger to the residents in the surrounding area. If we do not take decisive action now, the sea will harm the public’s health in cities all across southern California. You see, as the sea dries and the water level recedes, the exposed lake bed releases windblown contaminants containing selenium, arsenic, and pesticides. These are in small particulate matter small enough to go through your lungs and straight into your bloodstream. Exposure to these contaminants has been shown to increase the number and severity of asthma attacks, decrease the growth and development of lung function in schoolage children, and increase the risk of cardiac disease, heart attacks, and mortality in adults. In fact, children in this underserved area already have the highest pediatric asthma hospitalization rate in the entire State of California. So adding this insult and adding this exposure is going to be devastating for the surrounding pediatric population. As an emergency medicine doctor, I care deeply about the health of our communities and have seen firsthand the effects of poor air quality in these underserved communities. So the public health danger to families and children from the Salton Sea is very real and must be addressed at all levels of government—local, State, and Federal—and through publicprivate partnerships. We are making progress. I also appreciate the committee’s strong support of the memorandum of understanding that I helped broker between the Department of the Interior and the State of California to support the State’s mitigation plan by including report language in the underlying bill. In addition to the Salton Sea, funding for the Bureau of Reclamation supports restoration projects across the Western United States that protect public health. For example, in Congressman KENCALVERT ’s district which neighbors my own district, the Bureau of Reclamation helped to mitigate public health concerns and water quality issues at Lake Elsinore. Lake Elsinore, like the Salton Sea, has faced chronic challenges relating to water level, water quality, and associated public health concerns. However, a collaboration between the city of Lake Elsinore, Elsinore Valley Municipal Water District, Riverside County, and the Bureau of Reclamation came together to finally address these challenges. Together they built levees to contain the lake, established a supply of recycled water to help maintain water levels, and installed aerators to prevent fish dieoffs by keeping oxygen levels high. So it can work. Lake Elsinore now supports many local businesses and has a flourishing tourism industry. Most importantly, the water is now safer for residents to enjoy all the benefits the lake has to offer, including swimming and water sports. There are countless other examples of Bureau of Reclamation restoration projects helping to protect public health. That is why I urge my colleagues to support my amendment and provide an additional $2 million to these types of projects. That is why, if we know that this can work in other areas with pending public health crises, it can and will work in my district with the Salton Sea if they are so fortunate to receive some grant moneys and work in a collaborative way like Lake Elsinore. The health of the American people must be put above politics. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. I understand the gentleman seeks to show support for additional funding for projects such as the one important to his district and his constituents. I would note that the underlying bill includes a total of $379 million above the budget request for various types of projects that may have public health benefits. Since the amendment before us does not upset the balance of priorities within the bill nor direct funds to any particular project or activity, I would not oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Chair, I want to thank the chairman for not opposing. I also want to thank the ranking member for yielding me the time and allowing all of this to proceed. On behalf of those children with pediatric asthma, on behalf of our seniors with COPD, chronic bronchitis, and on behalf of the doctors who work in emergency departments, I truly want to bring this awareness to everybody here that this is a pending public health nightmare catastrophe that, if we do nothing, will cost up to $9 billion to address the effects—the public health and the economic effects—that this will do. So putting money in the front end is going to save money in the back end, and it is going to prevent the bad health of our pediatric and our senior populations. Mr. Chairman, I thank the leadership for both listening, understanding, and proceeding with this amendment. 
Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 6 OFFERED BY MS . MICHELLE  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. H OLDING ). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 6 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 14, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(decreased by $15,000,000)(increased by $15,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from New Mexico. Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, 99.9 percent of New Mexico is under drought conditions, including over 60 percent of the State which is suffering from extreme drought or worse. It is so dry that more than half the State is at significant risk for dangerous and destructive wildfires, and long stretches of the Rio Grande riverbed are already dry as a bone. b1700 As I speak, there are wildfires raging across the state, including a massive fire in Ute Park, which is threatening multiple communities and hundreds of buildings. On top of that, last winter’s mountain snowpack was the second lowest on record, creating significant issues for New Mexico’s agricultural industry. Farmers are leaving fields unplanted and ranchers are downsizing their herds. Many farmers and ranchers, including families who have worked their land for generations, are worried that they will not have the water to grow their crops or the hay to feed their livestock in the months and years ahead. Extreme drought is the new normal in large parts of the American Southwest and we have to develop innovative technologies and management practices to both preserve the water resources we have and increase access to previously unusable water. My amendment intends to prioritize $15 million for the Bureau of Reclamation’s water research and development programs. It is critical that we make new investments to develop innovative methods to recycle, reuse, and purify water for agricultural, environmental, residential, and industrial uses. This funding also supports the Brackish Groundwater National Desalination Research Facility located in Alamogordo, New Mexico, that develops more costeffective and efficient ways to desalinate and purify water. This cuttingedge facility brings together researchers from a range of Federal agencies, universities, private companies, and State and local governments to work collaboratively on sustainability using billions of previously untapped brackish groundwater in New Mexico. Mr. Chairman, if we don’t develop innovative water management strategies to do more with less, we won’t have the water we need to plant our fields, feed our livestock, or grow New Mexico’s economy. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support my amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I understand that the gentlewoman seeks to show support for additional funding for water research and development activities that are important to her district and to the country. I would just like to clarify that the amendment does not direct funds to any particular activities. For that reason and because it does not upset the balance within the bill, I will not oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from New Mexico (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 7 OFFERED BY MR . DESAULNIER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 7 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 15, line 17, after the dollar amount insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000) (increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, this amendment seeks a modest amount of dedicated funding for the repair and maintenance of existing equipment in the migrating fish screen program. Fish screens are an important part of the water supply infrastructure of the SacramentoSan Joaquin Delta that help to protect fish in the delta ecosystem. These fish screens work to prevent fish from being drawn into various locations in the BayDelta Watershed where our water supply takes in water. Fish screens in the delta are particularly important for protecting multiple species listed or threatened as endangered under the Endangered Species Act, including salmon, steelhead, and delta smelt. Fish screen components operate under water and are constantly exposed to stress and damage that wears them down and makes them less effective. Without proper upkeep, debris, sediment, and changes in temperature can create gaps or holes in the screening material and damage cleaning mechanisms. While I appreciate that in its report the Appropriations Committee has recognized the need for continued support of the fish screen program overall, it is important that we include money specifically for the maintenance and repair of existing equipment. My commonsense amendment helps us to do that, I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I understand that the gentleman seeks to show support for additional funding for fish screen projects important to his district and his constituents. I would simply note that this account is one where we historically have given the administration, Republican or Democratic, great flexibility in allocating the funds. If there is widespread interest, we should take a comprehensive look at funding levels within the program, not just adjust funding levels in one activity. Since the amendment does not direct funds to a specific activity and because it does not upset the balance of the bill, I will not oppose the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DESAULNIER. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman’s comments, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. DESAULNIER ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. The Chair understands that amendment No. 8 will not be offered. 
AMENDMENT NO . 9 OFFERED BY MR . COHEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 9 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 21, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $2,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $2,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today to offer an amendment to increase funding for the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account by $2 million, specifically for use in the SuperTruck II program. The SuperTruck program was started by the Department of Energy under President Obama and former Secretary of Energy Steven Chu to improve freight and heavyduty vehicle efficiency. The Appropriations Committee acknowledged in the committee report the success of the SuperTruck II program, noting these funds will help SuperTruck II to continue to dramatically improve the freight efficiency of heavyduty class 8 longhaul and regionalhaul vehicles through system level improvements like the hybridization of vehicles, saving more fuel while idling—that is something I saw in a field demonstration and it is pretty amazing how they turn off at intersections with lights, et cetera—engineering highefficiency HVAC technologies, and more. This amendment to increase funding for the SuperTruck II program will allow the Department of Energy to better achieve its freight efficiency goals, and the amendment is fully offset by decreasing the departmental administration account. I would like to thank Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR  for their hard work on this bill and for including this amendment. The Rules Committee might have done that, but I don’t think they would have if there were objections from the chair and ranking member. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to vote yes on the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. COHEN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 10 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 10 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 21, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, my amendment seeks to provide adequate resources for the marine and hydrokinetic energy resource supported by the Department of Energy’s Water Power Technologies Office. Renewable power offers exciting and important security opportunities for our energy future here in the United States. My amendment would allocate resources to support these efforts, including for the development of pilot project plans, development of prototype turbines and associated undersea cables, as well as environmental impact assessments. In my district, there is an important research already underway in marine and hydrokinetic energy technologies to tap the power of ocean waves, tides, and currents to generate electricity. For example, the Marine Energy Renewable Collaborative of New England created the first permanent tidal power testing station in the entire United States. This stateoftheart testing station is collecting new and valuable data every day on tidal power. Companies like MERCO in Marion, Massachusetts, and Littoral Power in Fairhaven, Massachusetts, are also pursuing this cuttingedge science in this emerging field of energy projection. Southeastern Massachusetts is a leader in the maritime economy. The research and technologies being developed currently will enhance our energy security for the future. We must make these investments today to ensure our security, health, and economic competitiveness going forward. The power supplied by these marine and hydrokinetic technologies is clean, predictable, and domestic. These technologies are environmentally friendly and don’t rely on the importation of energy from foreign sources. They give us even more flexibility to keep our energy prices low for families and businesses. Cheaper energy means keeping business operating costs low so they can invest in more employees and on products and research. Supporting research in these technologies also means investigating the potential positive and negative effects that they might hold. We need to know more about water quality, our cultural and historic sites, our electromagnetic devices, and our shellfish, fish stocks, marine habitats, and large mammals. This is a very important program for my region and for the country. I thank my colleagues. I will say, this is so technologically advanced, this is a real tongue twister as I have gone through this whole thing, but don’t let that dissuade anyone going forward. This is the future. This is where economic growth is already occurring in our region. We should do everything in our power to help the development of this power. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my colleague’s passion for research and development in the Water Power Technologies Office. He is a strong advocate in his State for research in this important work. Although I could not support the original amendment, I would appreciate it if the gentleman would be willing to withdraw it and instead work together as we move toward conference to discuss efficient funding for the Water Power Technologies Office. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I would like to thank Chairman SIMPSON  for that opportunity to work together. I think we can work together going forward in the short term. Perhaps as this goes to conference, we can look at working together in the longterm and really investigating the importance of this new energy that can be developed here in the United States so cleanly. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 11 OFFERED BY MS . BONAMICI  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 11 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 21, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $10,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $10,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Oregon. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer a bipartisan amendment to increase investments in research and development that support marine energy, hydropower, and pump storage. I first want to thank Chairman SIMPSONand Ranking Member K APTUR for their leadership in supporting the Water Power Technologies Office. Robust funding for the Department of Energy’s Water Power Technologies Office will support investments in innovative hydropower, marine, and hydrokinetic energy technologies. This bipartisan amendment would increase funding for the Office of Energy and Efficiency and Renewable Energy by $10 million for water power and decrease funding for departmental administrative spending to result in no additional cost. 
Harnessing energy from waves, currents, and tides is an exciting frontier in the renewable energy sector. Oregon State University, the University of Washington, and the University of Alaska Fairbanks are partnering to support marine renewable energy research and development at the Pacific Marine Energy Center. The center relies on Federal investments from the Department of Energy to establish the Nation’s fully energetic ongrid wave energy test facility off the Oregon coast. This facility will be able to test wave energy converters that capture the energy of ocean waves, current, tides, and inriver resources and turn it into electricity. Hydropower has tremendous potential to become the major source of electricity for the United States and the world, but other countries are ahead of us here. We must continue to develop clean and sustainable energy sources, and that means supporting new solutions like marine and hydrokinetic renewable energy. We should be doing more to harness the power of water to meet our Nation’s clean energy needs, create good paying jobs, and spur economic growth in our communities. b1715 Mr. Chair, I again thank the chairman and ranking member for their work on this issue and also Representatives Perry and Pingree for their bipartisan leadership on water power. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, similar to the previous amendment, I appreciate my colleague’s passion for this important research and development and work done in the Water Power Technologies Office. They are each strong advocates, and I recognize their leadership in their States for this important work. Although I could not support this amendment, I would again make the offer that, if the gentlewoman is willing to withdraw the amendment, I would work with her and others to make sure that we have sufficient funding for the Water Power Technologies Office when we go to conference. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Chair, I appreciate that offer of the gentleman to work together on this important issue with a lot of promise for additional renewable energy jobs and sources. So, Mr. Chairman, we do need to be making stronger investments in clean and sustainable energy sources like water power. With that offer to work together, I will withdraw this amendment but do hope that we will work together going forward to increase funding for this very important program. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 12 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 12 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 21, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $15,000,000)’’. Page 27, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $15,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment, which would protect millions of good paying manufacturing jobs across the country, including in my home State of Connecticut. My amendment would restore $15 million to the Advanced Manufacturing Office in fiscal year 2019. The Department of Energy’s Advanced Manufacturing Office is the only technology development office in the Federal Government that is dedicated to enhancing American manufacturing competitiveness. Unfortunately, the appropriations bill before us here today cuts funding to the Advanced Manufacturing Office by $45 million from the FY18 enacted levels. That is a mistake. One of the vital programs funded through the Advanced Manufacturing Office is the Industrial Assessment Centers program. Industrial Assessment Centers are located across the United States and provide companies with the tools they need to promote energy efficiency. A couple of years ago, I visited Forum Plastics, a plastic molding company in Waterbury, Connecticut. Forum Plastics had recently partnered with our regional Industrial Assessment Center at the University of Massachusetts to carry out an audit of Forum Plastics’ energy costs and energy efficiency. That audit showed the small company ways they could save energy, reduce waste, and see cost savings. In fact, the audit helped Forum Plastics develop more energyefficient processes, which resulted in a cost savings of nearly $25,000 the very next year. For small and mediumsize companies like Forum Plastics, savings like this are real. They free up budgets to hire more employees, carry out systems and equipment upgrades, and expand their facilities. We know that much of America’s innovation comes from exactly these sort of small and mediumsize companies that the Advanced Manufacturing Office is designed to help. These companies are not able to afford highpriced consultants or systems analysts but benefit greatly from the analyses that the Industrial Assessment Centers offer. This helps create jobs in our communities, helps support American competitiveness, and ensures that taxpayer dollars support smaller manufacturers that are the backbone of so many of our communities. Mr. Chair, I urge support of my amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate my colleague’s advocacy for the Advanced Manufacturing Office within the Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy account. The Advanced Manufacturing Office performs research and development to improve the productivity and energy efficiency of U.S. manufacturing. This is important work, and I recognize my colleague’s leadership in highlighting the office. While I could not support using the Nuclear Waste Disposal account as an offset for the original amendment, I would appreciate my colleague’s willingness to offer to withdraw this amendment. I look forward to working with my colleague as we move forward toward conference to discuss sufficient funding for the Advanced Manufacturing Office. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate Chairman SIMPSON ’s and Ranking Member KAPTUR ’s support for the Advanced Manufacturing Office, and I look forward to working with both of them in the future to increase funding for these important programs for fiscal year 2019. Therefore, I will withdraw my amendment to restore $15 million to the Advanced Manufacturing Office in fiscal year 2019. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 13 OFFERED BY MS . TSONGAS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 13 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 21, line 24, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $5,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman 
from Massachusetts (Ms. T SONGAS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Massachusetts. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chair, my amendment increases funding by $5 million for the Department of Energy’s Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy for the purposes of offshore wind job training grants. The amendment is paid for by using an equal offset from the Department’s administration accounts. According to the National Renewable Energy Laboratory, our Nation’s offshore wind energy potential is nearly double our total electricity need. It is also an energy resource available to nearly every coastline in the country, including the Great Lakes. Offshore wind is broadly recognized as our Nation’s next great energy resource, one that has the potential to create tens of thousands of new jobs in manufacturing, logistics, engineering, construction, and longterm operations and maintenance of these projects. This potential has been acknowledged by the Trump administration. Secretary of the Interior Ryan Zinke recently spoke at an offshore wind energy conference and said that offshore wind has more growth potential than any other energy resource. In fact, he also published an oped in The Boston Globe in April underscoring the importance of offshore wind to the Trump administration’s alloftheabove energy strategy and announced two new proposed lease sales in Massachusetts for commercial wind development. As he said in the oped—and we have it printed right here: ‘‘The Trump administration supports an allofthe above American energy policy, and wind energy is an important part of the energy mix. Just like the pioneers who drilled our Nation’s first offshore wells in the 1890s, those men and women who construct wind turbines in American waters in the years to come will continue to set our Nation toward clean energy dominance.’’ To realize the full potential of our Nation’s offshore wind resources, we must make sure that a cadre of American workers are fully trained and ready to pave the way for growth and innovation in this rapidly growing industry. This amendment makes a modest investment toward this goal by specifically appropriating $5 million for offshore wind job training grants at the Department of Energy. Workforce development and education is one of several focus areas at the Wind Energy Technologies Office, and grants funded by this amendment would help develop curricula, apprenticeships, health and safety certification programs, and other activities that help workers transition to the offshore wind industry. The Trump administration recently announced similar workforce training grants for solar through DOE’s Solar Energy Technologies Office, and we should be doing the same for offshore wind workforce development through DOE’s Wind Energy Technologies Office. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support American energy jobs by voting ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. And I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, this bill includes $84 million for research and development on wind energy within the EERE account. That is more than $53 million higher than the budget request—$53 million higher than the budget request. Research and development in the wind office was targeted to support our Nation’s wind turbine testing infrastructure and advanced solutions to wind energy challenges. This is a strategic focus to lay the foundation for technological innovations that can be picked up by industry at a later stage. While I support research and development on wind energy and recognize my colleague’s advocacy for these activities, focusing funds on job training grants strays too far from the bill’s strategic priorities. Therefore, I must oppose the amendment and urge my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chair, this amendment really is a very modest investment in our Nation’s workforce and, therefore, worthy of increased funding devoted to this purpose. We can’t just be investing in energy technologies; we need to be investing in our people who will bring these technologies out of the lab and into our homes and businesses. Offshore wind has the potential to create tens of thousands of jobs and make the United States a global industry leader. The gentleman referenced some increases, but, even with this amendment, funding for the Wind Energy Technologies Office is still below last year’s level. Mr. Chair, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), the ranking member. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I rise to strongly support Congresswoman TSONGAS’ amendment. In our country today, there are 12 wind projects in various stages of development, spanning 10 States off the east, west, and Texas coasts and, of course, in the Great Lakes as well. These offshore projects alone represent over 5,000 megawatts of potential offshore development. We don’t have a kilowatt to waste. These projects can create thousands of manufacturing, construction, and supplychain jobs across our country and drive billions of dollars of local economic investment. We know we will need workers to do these clean energy jobs. And I can guarantee you those towers are very high. So I definitely support funding for training activities in this regard for the future. The Department of Energy already has workforce training grants for solar, and, therefore, I would very much wish to carry over that effort as well to the Wind Power Technologies Office. Mr. Chairman, I congratulate the gentlewoman for offering this important amendment, and I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield 15 seconds to my colleague from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, there are people in our country who are looking for jobs. We also have in our country jobs that are looking for people. So this matches that up. Research and development is important, but without people to be trained to go forward it will come to no avail in our country. It is important for our region; it is important for our country. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman SIMPSON for yielding me additional time. This gives me a brief time to tell how it is important in my region as well as how real it is in our region. In my district, a major offshore wind project just got the green light to build an 800megawatt wind farm 15 miles south of Martha’s Vineyard. It is going to bring with it hundreds and hundreds of new, highquality job opportunities in southeastern Massachusetts. This requires skilled labor, and the amendment would try to connect those workers with these skills and the training they need to take advantage of these opportunities to these new jobs. This is something that has to be done ahead of time in our country. One of the biggest weaknesses we do have, I think, economically, is that we have to prepare for the jobs that are here that we don’t have people for and the jobs that will grow that we don’t have enough people for. It is an opportunity to do this. I thank the chairman again for yielding the time, and I thank the leadership of the gentlewoman from Massachusetts, Ms. TSONGAS . Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentleman and gentlewoman’s passion for this. I have to oppose the amendment at this time but look forward to working with the gentlewoman to try to address this issue as we move forward in the future. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts (Ms. TSONGAS ). 
The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. TSONGAS. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Massachusetts will be postponed. b1730 
AMENDMENT NO . 14 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 14 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 22, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, my amendment would increase funding for the Cybersecurity, Energy Security, and Emergency Response program by $1 million and decrease the departmental administration fund within the Department of Energy by an equal amount. The new Office of Cybersecurity, Energy Security, and Emergency Response addresses the emerging threats of tomorrow while protecting the reliable flow of energy to America’s broad population today by improving energy infrastructure security and supporting the Department of Energy’s national security mission. Being prepared and ready to respond quickly and effectively to all hazards is crucial. We need to make sure we can improve the ability of energy sector stakeholders to prevent, prepare for, and respond to threats, hazards, natural disaster, and other supply disruptions. Additionally, in today’s highly interconnected world, reliable energy delivery requires cyber resilient energy delivery systems. This amendment would increase funds to focus on preparedness and response activities to natural and manmade threats, ensuring a stronger, more prosperous, and secure future for the Nation. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman for his support. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 15 OFFERED BY MR . SOTO 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 15 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 22, line 25, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Chair, my amendment would increase funding for the Electric Delivery program by $1 million and decrease the departmental administrative fund within the Department of Energy by an equal amount. This amendment is intended to increase funding for the new Electric Delivery program’s activities to accelerate discovery and innovation in electrical transmission and distribution technologies and create next generation devices, software, tools, and techniques to help modernize the electric grid. Additionally, I would like to take this opportunity to thank the committee for all their work in advancing highpower capacity batteries and grid restoration efforts in Puerto Rico. First, I thank the committee for the inclusion of report language discussing the potential benefits of highpower, highcapacity batteries. These batteries could provide energy resilience in the face of extreme weather disasters. These technologies could have prevented hardships during last year’s hurricane season and decrease reliance on generators during emergencies. In Florida, Hurricane Maria caused a prolonged power outage in assisted living facilities that cost lives. This could have been prevented, and this amendment assists in that. Second, I thank the committee for the report language that supports the Department’s involvement in the grid restoration efforts in Puerto Rico. Their continued effort and support provide technical assistance as Puerto Rico works to rebuild its energy infrastructure and is essential to longterm recovery. Again, my amendment would increase funding for the Electric Delivery program, which would advance our Nation’s grid reliability and resiliency. I thank the chairman and the committee for their support, and I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 16 OFFERED BY MR . WEBER OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 16 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: Page 23, line 12, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $35,000,000)(increased by $35,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment to H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2019. I want to thank the gentleman from Idaho, Representative MIKESIMPSON , the chairman of the House Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Subcommittee for bringing a proscience bill to the floor that supports nuclear energy innovation. I strongly support division A of this legislation and appreciate the chairman’s work on this bill. Over the past 4 years, the Science, Space, and Technology Committee championed legislation to provide the tools needed to develop advanced nuclear reactor technology in these United States. My bill, the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, passed the House three times last Congress and, most recently, was included in H.R. 589, the Department of Energy Research and Innovation Act, that passed the House in January of last year. A key part of this legislation authorizes DOE to construct a research reactor. This reactor, or versatile neutron source, is critical for the development of advanced reactor designs, materials, and nuclear fuels. Access to fast neutrons currently only available for civilian research in Russia is crucial for private sector development of next generation materials and fuels needed for advanced nuclear reactor technology. The versatile neutron source will also enable the Nuclear Regulatory Commission to verify data on new fuels, materials, and designs more efficiently, expediting regulatory approval for advanced nuclear reactors. Earlier this year, the House passed a second bill that authorizes specific funding from within the DOE Office of Nuclear Energy for the construction of that versatile neutron source. My bill, the Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act, included $100 million for this project in fiscal year 2019. While I am pleased to see the report for this legislation direct $65 million in funding for this facility, we must move forward on construction for the versatile neutron source as quickly as possible. My amendment is intended to increase funding for this vital project from within the Office of Nuclear Energy to match the Housepassed authorization. 
Modeling and simulation can accelerate R&D, but nuclear energy research must be validated through a physical source like a research reactor. Building this openaccess user facility in the DOE national lab system will facilitate nuclear energy research in the United States, which otherwise simply will not take place. We cannot afford to lose the ability to develop innovative nuclear technology right here at home. I want to again thank Chairman SIMPSON for his support of nuclear energy research and for prioritizing the research infrastructure that keeps America safe while keeping America globally competitive. I am prepared to withdraw my amendment and to continue working with the chairman to advance the Housepassed authorization levels for this important project in conference if I can get assurance from him. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleague for his amendment and for his willingness to withdraw it and for the authorizer’s strong support for this bill. I recognize the Housepassed authorization for the versatile neutron source is a priority of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee and also of me. I appreciate my colleague’s highlighting these priorities, and I look forward to working with him as we move into conference to ensure these priorities have sufficient funding in the final legislation. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 17 OFFERED BY MS . ESTY OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 17 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 24, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $20,000,000) (increased by $20,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Connecticut. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of my amendment to increase funding to the Office of Fossil Energy’s program to support solid oxide fuel cell research technology for power generation, and I want to thank my colleague from Connecticut (Mr. LARSON ) for working on this amendment with me. Countries around the world—China, Korea, Germany, and Japan—are already prioritizing the development of their fuel cell industries. In order for the United States to remain competitive in this global economy, we must support the research and development of new and innovative energy technologies, including fuel cells. Robust Federal funding of technologies that are not yet commercially viable, like solid oxide fuel cells, allow the United States to remain in the forefront of cleaner energy technologies and will help grow jobs across the country to meet the entire world’s demand for cleaner, cheaper energy. In my home State of Connecticut, FuelCell Energy, a Danbury and Torringtonbased company, has become one of the world’s leaders in delivering clean, efficient, and affordable fuel cell solutions. Researchers at FuelCell are developing new applications for solid oxide fuel cell technology and are making great advances in the field of stationary fuel cells. The Department of Energy program that our amendment increases funding for supports jobs in Connecticut at FuelCell Energy, FuelCell Energy’s Connecticut vendors, the University of Connecticut, which receives SECA funding through the FuelCell subcontractors, and at innovative companies and institutions across this country. Mr. Chair, this amendment is a win win for our economy. New innovation in fuel cell technology promotes cleaner, more sustainable energy and creates American jobs. I urge my colleagues to support funding for the Office of Fossil Energy’s program to support solid oxide fuel cell research technology. I thank the Members for their support, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 18 OFFERED BY MR . BEYER  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 18 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 24, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $28,310,000)’’. Page 30, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $28,310,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, the BeyerEshooEsty amendment simply restores funding to the Advanced Research ProjectEnergy, ARPAE, to the FY18 enacted level that was already approved by this Congress earlier this year. ARPAE was created to replicate the successful DARPA model by incentivizing researchers to develop promising research into gamechanging technologies that can meet our future energy needs. Mr. Chairman, despite the huge payoff, the private sector does not often and cannot invest efficiently in kind of highrisk, highreward energy research. ARPAE has already demonstrated incredible success in advancing energy technology solutions that neither the public nor the private sector has been willing or able to support in the past. Since 2009, 136 of these projects have attracted more than $2.6 billion in private sector followon funding. And please note, the amendment does not cut fossil energy research. It simply reduces the plusup for the account. The Fossil Energy R&D will still receive $30 million more than last year and 50 percent more than President Trump’s FY19 request level. I urge my colleagues to support the BeyerEshooEsty amendment to make ARPAE whole. ARPAE is a smart bet on America’s proven ability to turn creative ideas into marketcreating, jobgrowing businesses. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from West Virginia is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from West Virginia (Mr. MCKINLEY). Mr. MCKINLEY. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment, but let’s just step back a second. Here is the reality. America and the entire world will be relying on fossil energy for years to come. The Energy Information Administration estimates that, in 2040, fossil energy will still make up 78 percent of the energy used in the world. b1745 Let’s look at two examples of what America stands to lose if this amendment is adopted. The fossil R&D program has put America on the cusp of producing zero carbon emissions from electric generation using the innovative and unique Allam cycle. The innovative NET Power plant in Texas was funded by DOE in its research. It is amazing what they are doing using CO2to spin a turbine instead of as an emission. 
To this end, Congress should be putting more money into this program on research, not reducing it. Secondly, the fossil R&D program also has had tremendous success in extracting rare earth elements from coal and mine drainage. But, currently, China controls over 90 percent of the world’s rare earth elements. These minerals are critical to our national defense and are used in hybrid vehicles, wind turbines, fuel cells, and portable electronics. By adopting this amendment, we would be unnecessarily putting the environment at risk and lose a potential key supply of rare earth minerals. Fossil fuels will be around for the foreseeable future. We should be utilizing them in the cleanest, most efficient manner through research, and all of that requires more research at the Federal level. The House has soundly defeated a similar amendment in the past, and I urge my colleagues to do so now as well. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, there is virtually nothing my friend from West Virginia said that I disagree with, except the idea that we are somehow taking money from fossil fuel research that is untoward. Just remember, this is a $30 million step up from last year and 50 percent more than President Trump has even asked for. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ). Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. I rise in strong support of this amendment, the BeyerEshooEsty amendment, which restores funding to make it equal to the fiscal year 2018 level agreed to by Congress earlier this year for ARPAE, which is the Advanced Research Projects AgencyEnergy. ARPAE is housed within the Department of Energy and invests in emerging clean energy technologies to make our country more energysecure, reduce costs, and increase energy efficiency. So it is smart. It is smart. That is what America has been known for, and we want to retain that reputation. The Agency specializes in highrisk, highreward technologies that are, in many instances, too risky for the private sector but have enormous potential to change how we produce and consume energy. ARPAE is doing for energy development what the NIH does for medical research. It provides earlystage support for new moonshot ideas that have the potential to transform the everyday lives of Americans and our economy. ARPAE is a product of the 2006 Innovation Agenda and was modeled after the highly acclaimed DARPA, created 60 years ago in the Department of Defense. It is credited with launching some of the most successful technologies of our time, including GPS and the internet. ARPAE was created by Congress in 2007 with bipartisan support, it was signed into law by a Republican President, and it has been a resounding success. In its 10year history, the agency has funded over 660 projects that have helped create 71 new companies; attracted over $2.6 billion in private sector funding; led to the creation of 245 new patents; and fostered over 1,700 peerreviewed articles to further our understanding of the energy ecosystem. Mr. Chairman, the United States, I think, is really at an important crossroads in our history. We will decide whether our country is going to continue to lead the world in innovation. Foreign competitors, such as China, are surging investments in new R&D and threaten to overtake our country in that area. We must continue our basic investments to ensure we remain the most innovative and successful economy in the world, and this amendment helps to advance this. This has been bipartisan and overwhelmingly successful for our country. Why would we turn the pages back? So, for all these reasons and more, I urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. Mr. Chairman, fossil energy helped make America the great Nation it is today. West Virginia coal, for example, helped forge the steel that built skyscrapers and won world wars. The DOE Fossil Energy account helps our Nation develop the next generation of fossil technologies. If we don’t develop it, other nations will. America must continue its energy dominance and independence, and fossil fuels must play a critical role in our energy strategy. The Fossil Energy account invests in research and development for coal, oil, and natural gas, which produce, as you have heard, more than 60 percent of our Nation’s electricity. The research being done at the National Energy Technology Laboratory in Morgantown, West Virginia, and other locations is paying off. We are seeing breakthroughs in coal use in energy production, as well as carbon capture and storage technology. These breakthroughs mean the United States does not need to rely on unfriendly nations for energy anymore. Within 5 years, the United States will become the largest producer in the world of crude oil, bigger than Russia or Saudi Arabia. Investing in fossil energy programs will fuel the next generation of innovation and do so responsibly. Cutting this funding will only set America back. We have abundant, reliable, domestic energy resources, and abandoning this research will put our energy future in severe jeopardy. President Trump, just last week, took action to strengthen our Nation’s coalfired power plants to protect our national security and grid reliability. Cutting this funding is irresponsible and jeopardizes our energy independence. Therefore, I urge Members to vote against this amendment, which would impose significant cuts to R&D funding for fossil energy technology. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Ranking Member LOWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I just wanted to point out that, if one looks at the fine print in our bill, the account, actually, for fossil is increased by over $50 million over the current year. That is a pretty healthy increase. We are not really cutting anything in that bill if we take the funds that you are offering here. Fossil will still see a $30 million increase over this year. It isn’t being cut to the bones or anything like that. In fact, we are adding flesh to the bones of the fossil accounts. I think it is important to support the BeyerEshooEsty proposal here in this amendment because we are creating the future with ARPAE. Nobody knows what ARPAE means in the average neighborhood of our country. It really is not just the moonshot; it is the Marsshot. It is the highest level of energy research we do. When I saw Members from Massachusetts down on the floor here a little earlier, I thought to myself: When I saw the Russian tanker come in last year with natural gas because parts of the East Coast couldn’t heat their homes in the wintertime, I have to tell you, I am worried. Every American should be worried. We should be developing energy on many fronts. An alloftheabove strategy is exactly what this country should be doing. We shouldn’t be peeling away funds for the highest level of research that we do in our Nation. Truly, ARPAE helps us become a global leader. It is transformational in what it does. It is a model for others to imitate. It is smart, it is agile, it is fastacting, it is nonbureaucratic, and it is bold—qualities that both Republicans and Democrats like. Last year, actually, many Republican officials and business leaders, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce, said ARPAE is a blueprint for smart Federal investments that boost our global competitiveness. And surely it does, because I can remember a time when America was not running its way to energy independence. It was, in fact, completely dependent on imported sources of energy. ARPAE has been nothing short of remarkable. One hundred and thirtysix projects have attracted over $2.6 billion in private sector followon funding. I repeat: private sector. While I do support fossil—and Ohio is a State right now where we have a lot of coal, we have a lot of natural gas. We even have some oil being brought up with the natural gas. I support all that. But we know one thing about 
that: it is finite. It is not going to be there for future generations. ARPAE leads us into a new future, and this amendment moves us in the proper direction. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the BeyerEshooEsty amendment. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I simply add that we are not cutting the fossil fuel research and development, which we do believe in. This is a plusup from last year of at least $30 million and 50 percent more than President Trump has requested. All we are simply doing is trying to appropriate to ARPAE what was enacted by this Congress and, also, to point out that ARPAE does not exclude fossil fuel research. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BEYER ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. BEYER. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 19 OFFERED BY MR . SMITH OF  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 19 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 27, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $126,800,000) (increased by $126,800,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chairman, I offer an amendment to H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2019. I first want to thank the gentleman from Idaho, Congressman MIKESIMPSON, the chairman of the House Appropriations Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Subcommittee, for working with us to develop a strong, proscience appropriations bill. I strongly support division A of this legislation, and I appreciate the chairman’s initiative in basic science research. This amendment provides for critical facility upgrades and construction of basic research infrastructure that are within the core mission of the Department of Energy and will lead to scientific discoveries that will maintain U.S. leadership in innovation and technology. In February, the House unanimously passed three bipartisan House Science, Space, and Technology Committee research infrastructure bills: H.R. 4376, the Department of Energy Research Infrastructure Act; H.R. 4377, the Accelerating American Leadership in Science Act; and H.R. 4378, the Nuclear Energy Research Infrastructure Act. These bills authorized full funding for upgrades in construction of several highpriority user facilities at DOE National Labs. This amendment provides $76.8 million from within funds appropriated to the Office of Science to meet the Housepassed authorization levels for four of the infrastructure projects included in these bills, including the LINAC Coherent Light Source high energy upgrade, the proton power upgrade to the Spallation Neutron Source, the construction of the Spallation Neutron Source Second Target Station, and the construction of the Facility for Rare Isotope Beams. My amendment also fully supports basic research in fusion energy science, a field that could lead to a revolutionary new energy source. Specifically, it provides $50 million from within the funds appropriated to the Office of Science for the direct U.S. commitment for fiscal year 2019 to the construction of the International Thermonuclear Experimental Reactor, or ITER, project. While I am pleased that division A of this legislation provides $163 million for the agreedto hardware and other inkind contributions, cash contributions to ITER are not designated in the bill. My amendment is intended to address this issue and fully fund the U.S. commitment in fiscal year 2019. I want to also draw attention to another shared priority with the chairman, reinstating the Low Dose Radiation Research Program at DOE. This program is essential to understanding the health impact of low doses of radiation. There is a broad consensus within the radiobiology community that more research is necessary for Federal agencies, physicians, and related experts to make betterinformed decisions regarding lowdose radiation. b1800 Earlier this year, the House passed H.R. 4675, the Low Dose Radiation Research Act, which authorizes $20 million in fiscal year 2019. I hope we can work together to provide this funding for low dose radiation research. Mr. Chair, I again thank Chairman SIMPSON for his longstanding support of basic research and investments in DOE’s bestintheworld science facilities. I greatly appreciate the effort the chairman has made to prioritize fundamental science and our longstanding partnership to responsibly fund DOE. Mr. Chair, I am prepared to withdraw my amendment and to continue working with the chairman to advance the Housepassed authorization levels for these important projects in conference. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman of the Science Committee for his amendment and for the authorizers’ strong support for this bill. I recognize the Housepassed authorizations for DOE research, infrastructure construction and facilities upgrades, and the low dose radiation research are priorities of the Science Committee. I appreciate the chairman highlighting these priorities and I look forward to working with him as we move to conference to ensure these projects receive sufficient funding. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Chair, I appreciate Chairman SIMPSON ’s commitment and support. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. Chair, I withdraw my amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The amendment is withdrawn. 
AMENDMENT NO . 20 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). It is now in order to consider amendment No. 20 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 27, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $5,000,000)(increased by $5,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, my amendment allocates resources for additional research into innovative technologies and processes for safe and secure storage, treatment, transportation, and disposal of spent nuclear fuel from civilian nuclear reactors. Five nuclear power plants have retired since 2013. Six more across the country, including the Pilgrim Nuclear Power Plant in my district, are slated to retire just in the next few years. This is also timely, because just last month, this House passed, by a margin of 340–72, a bill to improve nuclear waste storage. Reactors can shut down, but that doesn’t mean there is a safe, secure plan for spent fuel stored onsite. 
Pilgrim has been operating for over 45 years in Massachusetts, and its spent fuel has been stored there ever since. The Pilgrim Plant is slated to retire in 2019, almost exactly 1 year from today. The spent fuel there needs to be addressed. My community in Plymouth and those around the country are asking legitimate questions on how the safety and security of these materials can be increased. We have an opportunity to dig deeper into these questions and find better answers for my constituents and for people around the country who have a nuclear power plant nearby. New advanced research should examine how the safety and security of spent fuel pools can be improved. Additionally, the safe transfer of materials to dry casks deserves to be reexamined, as does the design and long term integrity of dry casks. Furthermore, research into the transportation and ultimate disposal of spent fuel is crucial in identifying the best and safest longterm solutions. They too need to be examined and improved. My amendment supports further research into these areas so that when nuclear energy is part of our communities, we are able to ensure, as best we can, that spent nuclear fuel is secure and not posing unnecessary threats. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for their consideration of this amendment and urge their support. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I rise to support my good colleague, Congressman KEATING , and his amendment dealing with spent nuclear fuel. We need a solution all across our country to spent nuclear fuel stored on dozens and dozens of sites across our country. We thought we had a solution. $14 billion has been invested in the Yucca Mountain facility, and yet because of opposition from those who were not consulted in Nevada before that site was constructed, our Nation has been at a standstill. So I want to compliment the gentleman from Massachusetts for bringing up this issue. Northern Ohio, a vast region that I and other Ohio Members represent, has more than one nuclear power plant that is faced with spent nuclear fuel onsite. We know that the Department of Energy is doing tremendous work in this arena, very fine work, but we simply can’t continue to just keep talking about this. We actually have to begin to store fuel in a much safer way. This amendment would build on the work that DOE has been doing to continue to invest in such a critically important area as spent nuclear fuel and its permanent storage. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to support the Keating amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 21 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. 
AMENDMENT NO . 22 OFFERED BY MR . LANGEVIN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 22 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 27, line 11, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $3,000,000) (increased by $3,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Rhode Island. Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment today to direct $3 million to the Office of Science within the Department of Energy for important nuclear fusion science work being done across the country. Specifically, these funds would support divertor test tokamak research and development. The fusion community has identified the need for a tokamak specifically designed for divertor testing as a necessary research facility to drive divertor innovation. Fusion science, Mr. Chairman, is the future of energy production, offering unique and substantial advantages compared to other approaches. Fusion power is a safe, clean, and sustainable energy source that could provide the United States with energy independence and a nearly limitless energy supply. The future is closer than we think. Sustainable fusion energy production is a very real possibility within the next 10 years. However, there are outstanding technical issues that must be solved before we can harness fusion as a practical energy source. Among them is dealing with extreme temperatures generated through the process, over a million degrees. A tokamak designed with divertor tests in mind could test potential solutions to this problem. These funds support the immediate need of design conceptualization, which will help keep the United States as a world leader in this area. We must seize this opportunity and vigorously pursue this research and development work. This work may also have critical national security implications. The House Report accompanying H.R. 5515, the fiscal year 2019 National Defense Authorization Act that recently passed the House, contains language asking the Department of Defense to explore this technology and its potential use towards our national security objectives. History has shown, Mr. Chairman, that research funding fosters innovative ideas and new technologies that can produce orderofmagnitude improvements over those presently employed. The current fusion science research program suggests promising advancements in plasma and material science, which could readily support defense initiatives. To ensure this critical work continues and that we capitalize on its findings, Congress must act to fund this important work. Mr. Chair, I thank Chairman SIMPSON  and Ranking Member KAPTUR for taking my request into consideration. This investment is critical in providing for our collective national and energy security, and I respectfully urge its adoption. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for the consideration of this amendment. I think it is important to try and meet the future energy needs and national security needs of our country, and I again urge its adoption. Mr. Chair, I yield back of balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 23 OFFERED BY MR . KIHUEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 23 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 27, line 21, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $190,000,000)’’. Page 64, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $190,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. KIHUEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I come to the floor to discuss the State of Nevada’s fierce opposition to using Yucca Mountain as a nuclear waste dump. While I appreciate having the opportunity to speak to you today, I am extremely frustrated with the recent actions Congress has taken to revive this project. Mr. Chairman, Yucca Mountain lies in my congressional district. In the 30 years since Congress passed the ‘‘Screw Nevada’’ bill, Congress has wasted $3.7 billion of taxpayers’ money on a project that Nevada has repeatedly said will not happen. 
And now, this Congress wants to continue to egregiously spend money on this failed project in fiscal year 2019 appropriations. So once again, I am here to fight to prevent nuclear waste from ever coming to my home State of Nevada. That is why I have introduced an amendment to H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2019. My amendment, Mr. Chairman, would strike $190 million for the licensing of the nuclear waste depository at Yucca Mountain. I routinely hear from my Republican colleagues on the need to reduce our deficit and debt. I fully agree with the sentiment. Congress should not waste another $190 million of taxpayer money on a project that will not come to fruition. But you should support my amendment not just on the fiscal basis. Mr. Chairman, my home State of Nevada, which has no nuclear energyproducing facilities, should not be the dumping ground for the rest of the country’s nuclear waste. And this is not just an issue facing Nevadans. It is an issue that impacts constituents from 329 congressional districts in 44 States and Washington, D.C. Putting a nuclear repository in Nevada’s backyard means that this high level nuclear waste must travel through your backyards first as well. Your constituents will see high level nuclear waste transported through their communities on rail and by truck. A simple car crash or train derailment will leave your constituents at risk and cost our taxpayers more money to clean up the mess. It is clear that reopening Yucca Mountain is fiscally unsound, presents threats to people across the country, and is unwanted by the people of Nevada. That is why I encourage you to support my amendment to prevent nuclear waste from ever coming to Nevada. Mr. Chair, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. ROSEN ), my colleague. b1815 Ms. ROSEN. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of our amendment, which would strike funding for the Yucca Mountain project. Like the vast majority of Nevadans, I firmly oppose any attempt to turn my State into the Nation’s nuclear waste dump. Dumping nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain wouldn’t only endanger the health and safety of my constituents, who live just 90 miles away in the Las Vegas Valley, it would threaten millions of Americans in 44 States. This illconceived plan would mean transporting tens of thousands of metric tons of radioactive waste across this country. Those shipments of hazardous material would travel on our highways and railways to Nevada through over 329 congressional districts on a weekly basis for more than 50 years. Finally, reviving Yucca Mountain would jeopardize military testing and training at our defense facilities. Our amendment would strike $190 million for the licensing for this administration’s plan to turn Nevada into a dumping ground. That is the bulk of the funding for this dangerous failure of a project. We shouldn’t waste another dime of taxpayer money on failed efforts to try to send nuclear waste to Yucca Mountain. It is time to move on from this reckless and costly project, so I urge my colleagues to support our amendment to remove this licensing funding and, instead, work with us on alternative solutions that repurpose Yucca Mountain into something that can create jobs and keep our families safe. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, let me be clear what this amendment does. This is 1,000 pages of the safety and evaluation report by the Nuclear Regulatory Commission—5 volumes. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission is our independent safety agency on all things nuclear. What my colleague from Nevada’s amendment does is strip the money for what they keep telling me they want. They want to prove the science. They want to say it is not safe. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission says it is safe for a million years. Now, if my colleagues from Nevada want to debate the science, then they can do that, per the Nuclear Waste Policy Act, through the licensing project. But, no, they don’t want to put their science up against our independent nuclear safety agency. They want to adjudicate this in the court of public opinion and deprive the money to have that final science debate. So this amendment is really an anti science amendment to not debate the NRC’s finding, because we know that in their conclusion they say storing nuclear waste in a longterm geological repository—and this is the world consensus—in a deep geological repository is what the world’s scientists say is the safest way to store spent nuclear fuel and defense waste. That is not just the United States. That is France. That is Norway. That is Great Britain. That is many of our allies and friends and their scientists. Again, 1,000 pages, 5 volumes, public record. This amendment takes that money away so we don’t have a debate on the science. It is either in the desert underneath a mountain, 1,000 feet above the ground table, 1,000 feet below the top of the mountain, or it is on the Pacific Ocean. Those are the choices that we had debated in H.R. 3053. And not only that, the Chamber as a whole, in a bipartisan manner, said— 340 Members—actually, more Democrats supported H.R. 3053 than opposed it—340–72. Why? Because we have a national problem which requires a national solution. We have to keep our promises. These are the operating commercial and nuclear reactors. This doesn’t even talk about the defense issue. The national media from around the country is on our side as far as moving forward if the science is found to be reliable. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission says a million years. The State of Nevada says: Not so. Let’s have the debate. Let’s not strip the money away to have that final debate. That is why I ask my colleagues to reject this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I am glad this amendment came, because our job now is to educate, not only the State of Nevada, but it is also to educate our colleagues from across the country that the science debate, the final decision needs to be through the licensing. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission, our independent Federal nuclear safety agency, says it will be safe for a million years. Nevada says: Not so. Let’s have the debate. Let’s not strip the money. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. KIHUEN ). The amendment was rejected. The Acting CHAIR. The Committee will rise informally. The Speaker pro tempore (Mr. SHIMKUS) assumed the chair. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 2377. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse locaed at 200 West 2nd Street in Dayton, Ohio, as the ‘‘Walter H. Rice Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. S. 2734. An act to designate the Federal building and United States courthouse located at 1300 Victoria Street in Laredo, Texas, as the George P. Kazen Federal Building and United States Courthouse’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Committee will resume its sitting. 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The Committee resumed its sitting. 
AMENDMENT NO . 24 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR (Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania). It is now in order to 
consider amendment No. 24 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 30, line 7, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $325,000,000)’’. Page 30, line 8, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $29,250,000)’’. Page 64, line 6, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $325,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, the ARPA–E program first began receiving funding through the 2009 Obama stimulus and is currently unauthorized. ARPA–E grew out of those years’ overly optimistic perception of the Federal Government’s ability to lead in areas of commercially viable energy research and technology, particularly in renewables. The obvious problem with this premise is that the government, unlike our Nation’s industries and corporations, has never been in the business of costbenefit maximization, as other blunders from that period, like the Solyndra scandal, demonstrated. This is because the Federal Government is competent and accomplished in the areas of basic, earlystage scientific research but poorly positioned to move research from concept to market. And ARPA–E provides even further demonstration of that. The Subcommittee on Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies defunded the program in their FY18 draft passed bill. The administration and the Republican Study Committee have both advocated eliminating this stimulusera program and have continually indicated that the proper role of government in energy research is at the level of basic research taking place in existent, wellfunded programs like the Office of Science and the applied energy research and development program. Those DOE programs that they point to are more worthy recipients of Federal dollars, are effective, and produce results because they focus on the right goals. For this reason, the administration is also strongly opposed to continued funding for the ARPA–E program. The White House stated in its fiscal year 2019 budget proposal: 
Appropriations for ARPA–E were only authorized through 2013 under the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act of 2010. In addition, there has been concern about the potential for ARPA–E’s efforts to overlap with research and development being carried out, or which should be carried out, by the private sector. No new appropriations are requested in 2019. The Department would request reprogramming of prioryear unobligated balances for program closeout activities to ensure full closure of ARPA–E by mid2020. Any remaining contract closeout and award monitoring activities would be transferred elsewhere within DOE. This proposed elimination reflects both a streamlining of Federal activities and a refocusing on the proper Federal role in energy research and development. In a May 15 view letter to House Appropriations on the Energy and Water bill, the White House stated: ‘‘The Administration is disappointed that the bill does not eliminate ARPA–E. The Committee is encouraged to explore options to incorporate certain ARPA–E attributes, such as crosscutting research coordination and enhanced flexibility, into the Department of Energy’s primary research efforts within the Office of Science and Applied Energy Research Programs rather than maintain a separate program through ARPA–E.’’ In a June 5 Statement of Administration Policy, the White House stated: ‘‘The Administration believes that the continued funding of ARPA–E makes little strategic sense given the existence of applied energy research elsewhere within the Department. The Congress is urged to eliminate ARPA– E and incorporate its more successful elements, such as coordination with industry and crosscutting research, into the Department’s applied energy programs.’’ The innovations ARPA–E supporters crow about must come from the market or from academic research institutions, because the Federal Government’s track record of responding to commercial incentives in a costbeneficial way to the taxpayer is absolutely poor. The proper Federal nexus for research is the earlystage work being done at the existing Office of Science and the applied energy research program, not projects foisted onto the government that weren’t compelling enough to receive private funding. Heritage Action, Freedomworks, Club for Growth, and the National Taxpayers Union are keyvoting this amendment. The amendment is also endorsed by the Americans for Limited Government and Taxpayers for Common Sense. I urge adoption of this amendment that supports President Trump’s agenda. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. ROSS). The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. My colleague’s amendment would eliminate the Advanced Research Project Agency—Energy, otherwise known as ARPA–E. ARPA–E’s mission is to fund projects that are not yet addressed by the private sector but that can bring transformational shifts in current energy technologies. From reducing the energy involved in producing aluminum to creating new battery storage technologies, these are projects that have impacts in almost every industry. Since 2009, ARPA–E has provided funding for more than 660 projects. As of this year, ARPA–E projects have produced 245 patents, formed 71 new companies, and have raised more than $2.9 billion in followon funding from the private sector to bring technologies to market. These are successes, and successes help ensure our Nation’s energy security and create a manufacturing edge in the energy sector. These are energy technology goals all Members can support. I would remind my friend from Arizona, our job is not to be lemmings for the administration. It is to make our own independent judgment. While I appreciate and look at the reason that they would like to eliminate ARPA–E, I disagree with them. So do a majority of the Members of Congress, as they have demonstrated in the past. So we must exercise our independent judgment on what is best. While we respect the administration’s position, we just disagree with it. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. b1830 Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, any program that receives this much funding has individual successes proponents can point to. The problem with this program is that the ratio of successes to the failures is far lower with this one than comparable Federal research programs. It also targets an area of research that is inappropriate for Federal research. Basic earlystage research is a profit avenue for Federal dollars to go, not latestage research on projects approaching commercialization. If a concept or technology is nearing commercialization, that is the right nexus for private industry to get involved. Our country’s major companies in tech, engineering, and energy are flush with cash, and projects that they think are commercially viable are getting more funding than ever before. Failure by the government to salvage a project means that the projects, on the whole, aren’t worth being salvaged by government, industry, or anyone. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding and rise to strongly oppose the Gosar amendment to completely eliminate the ARPAE advanced energy research program, which helps propel our Nation forward as a global leader. I could just say to the gentleman from Arizona, for some of the firms 
that have contacted me, the Chinese are hacking into their intellectual property every week as they struggle to maintain a global lead in new energy technologies. Yes, ARPAE is a pioneering program. It was designed to be that way. Yes, it is high risk. Yes, it is high end, so much so that the private sector won’t do what ARPAE is conducting. The research is so high in science that most companies in this country can’t even touch it. And, frankly, I don’t want the Chinese designing our future. They are actually doing research before the private market can drive it forward with a commercial product. I would like to point out that, in 2011, an American Enterprise Institute Brookings Institution breakthrough study called for ARPAE to be funded at $1.5 billion, annually, because of other countries around the world beginning to do research in a way that was competing with our own. The American Energy Innovation Council, a panel of many of the Nation’s top business leaders, including Bill Gates, have called for ARPAE to be funded at $1 billion a year. And last year, Republican officials—oil and energy executives, business leaders, including the U.S. Chamber of Commerce—told Congress, ARPAE is a blueprint ‘‘ . . . that boost our competitiveness by keeping America at the forefront of global energy technology research.’’ These are some of the best people in our country. We ought to be listening to them. We are their representatives. As the program focused on new possibilities, new patents, ARPAE has been nothing short of remarkable, with 136 projects attracting nearly $3 billion in private sector followon funding. They won’t do the research, but they will take what we have invested and really do something in the marketplace with it; but beyond just the marketplace, something that might have something to do with our defense, for example, something to do with our national security—inventing the future. And yet we have come to expect this administration, they want to eliminate funding, and some of their allies here in the Congress want to eliminate funding. You eliminate the future if you do that. You really do eliminate the future. So I rise and strongly oppose this amendment. Mr. Chair, I encourage my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the Gosar amendment. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, once again, this is an unauthorized program and it treads on existing jurisdictions at the Department of Energy, specifically, the Office of Science and Applied Energy Research program. It is a program in search of justification. Let’s take, for example, Solyndra. That is a wonderful success. Really? Private sector couldn’t do that? They could do it a ton better than that type of application. I ask my colleagues to vote for this amendment. This is sound. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 25 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 25 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 32, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I thank Mr. SIMPSON and Ms. K APTUR for working to try to put forward a bill and to recognize the unfortunate addition of riders, which we would hope that we could pass these kinds of bills in the appropriate manner. But I thank them for their work, and I thank the Rules Committee for making this amendment in order. This is an important part of the Energy and Water legislation in Appropriations, and that is the Department of Energy’s departmental work that it does with environmental justice. My amendment would ask for an additional $1 million to be placed in that program under the administrative office’s responsibilities, and to do so because it is an essential tool in the effort to improve the lives of lowincome and minority communities as well as the environment at large. Many of my Members here have worked on this issue, in particular, JIM CLYBURN and the Congressional Black Caucus, over the years. I add to their work by making sure that this is a focus of the Department of Energy. Maintaining funds for environmental justice that go to Historically Black Colleges and Universities, minority serving institutions, Tribal colleges, and other organizations is imperative to protecting sustainability and growth of the community and environment. In particular, those individuals who study this issue in those particular institutions of higher learning go out to communities and are a source of research and aid to communities that suffer from the lack of environmental justice, for example, in Flint, Michigan. It is clear that that is a place where there was an infusion of experts on how to deal with unclean water. I worked with Dr. Hotez, one of the renown infectious disease physicians in Houston, Texas, when the Zika virus began to take over in the summer in, particularly, minority communities. DOE’s Environmental Justice Program provides dollars to be awarded to an important cause of increasing youth involvement in STEM and promoting clean energy, weatherization, cleanup, and asset revitalization. Weatherization is extremely important. The housing stock in my congressional district, as in rural communities, is extremely old and sometimes weak and subjected to the whims of bad winter weather and the whims of very hot summers. These dollars can assist in these kinds of programs. The Community Leadership Institute is another vital component of the Environmental Justice Program, and it promotes environmental sustainability. It brings important factors, including public health and economic development. It is an important program that helps Native Americans and Alaskan Natives. So I hope that my colleagues can support the Jackson Lee amendment because it deals with an expanse and an emphasis on the importance of a quality of life that can deal with a good environment. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, since the amendment does not change funding levels in the bill, I will not oppose the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, with that in mind, what we are glad to say is that we emphasize and ask for that amount of dollars within the administrative account to be increased on the Environmental Justice Program. We are grateful for the statement of the chairman, and with that in mind, we want to remind our colleagues that STEM programs, the program that helps in leadership, in particular, that will help young people learn more about environmental justice, the issues that we see in communities with clean water, clean air, the Zika virus, and other elements that impact on minority communities, the Environmental Justice Program can be very helpful and very useful. I would ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. 
Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk; No. 25. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR for shep herding this legislation to the floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great natural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. My amendment increases funding for DOE departmental administration by $1,000,000 which should be used to enhance the Department’s Environmental Justice program activities. Mr. Chair, the Environmental Justice Program is an essential tool in the effort to improve the lives of low income and minority communities as well as the environment at large. Twentyfour years ago, on February 11, 1994, President Clinton issued Executive Order 12898, directing federal agencies to identify and address the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environmental effects of their actions on minority and lowincome populations. A healthy environment sustains a productive and healthy community which fosters personal and economic growth. Maintaining funds for environmental justice that go to Historically Black Colleges and Universities, Minority Serving Institutions, Tribal Colleges, and other organizations is imperative to protecting sustainability and growth of the community and environment. The funding of these programs is vital to ensuring that minority groups are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to the environment and the continued preservation of their homes. The crisis in Flint, Michigan teaches us how important it is that minority groups and lowincome communities are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to environment threats and hazards like lead in drinking water or nesting areas for mosquitos carrying the Zika virus. Through education about the importance of environmental sustainability, we can promote a broader understanding of science and how citizens can improve their surroundings. Funds that would be awarded to this important cause would increase youth involvement in STEM fields and also promote clean energy, weatherization, cleanup, and asset revitalization. These improvements would provide protection to our most vulnerable groups. This program provides better access to technology for underserved communities. Together, the Department of Energy and Department of Agriculture have distributed over 5,000 computers to low income populations. The Community Leaders Institute is another vital component of the Environmental Justice Program. It ensures that those in leadership positions understand what is happening in their communities and can therefore make informed decisions in reards to their communities. In addition to promoting environmental sustainability, CLI also brings important factors including public health and economic development into the discussion for community leaders. The CLI program has been expanded to better serve Native Americans and Alaska Natives, which is a prime example of how various other minority groups can be assisted as well. Through community education efforts, teachers and students have also benefitted by learning about radiation, radioactive waste management, and other related subjects. The Department of Energy places interns and volunteers from minority institutions into energy efficiency and renewable energy programs. The DOE also works to increase low income and minority access to STEM fields and help students attain graduate degrees as well as find employment. Since 2002, the Tribal Energy Program has also funded 175 energy projects amounting to over $41.8 million in order to help tribes invest in renewable sources of energy. With the continuation of this kind of funding, we can provide clean energy options to our most underserved communities and help improve their environments, which will yield better health outcomes and greater public awareness. We must help our low income and minority communities and ensure equality for those who are most vulnerable in our country. I ask my colleagues to join me and support the Jackson Lee Amendment for the Environmental Justice Program. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 26 OFFERED BY MS . LEE 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 26 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. It is Lee amendment No. 26. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 33, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $65,000,000)’’. Page 34, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $65,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from California. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, first, let me thank our Rules Committee chair, Mr. SESSIONS , also our ranking member, Mr. MCGOVERN , as well as all of the members of the committee for making this amendment in order. My amendment is very straightforward. It would cut the $65 million included in this bill for lowyield nuclear weapons and transfer it to the defense nuclear nonproliferation account. My amendment strikes one of the most harmful and controversial recommendations of the Trump Nuclear Posture Review. Mr. Chairman, funding this warhead would set a dangerous precedent. The last thing we should do is arm our submarines with a lowyield ballistic missile. We have never done this before in the many decades of nuclear deterrence, and there is absolutely no reason to start now. What is worse, this warhead lowers the threshold for nuclear weapons use and puts us on a dangerous path to war. At a time when we should be reducing the threat of nuclear war, we are doing just the opposite. While the Trump administration claims that another lowyield warhead would help deter Russia from using these weapons first, that is far from the truth. In fact, funding this nuclear weapon could only provoke Russia and heighten the risk of nuclear war. Let me be clear: This additional funding is both unnecessary, and it is dangerous. Our Nation already processes hundreds of lowyield warheads. In the coming decades, we will invest another $150 billion despite the fact that we already have the capacity really to destroy the world many times over. This is a waste of money and a danger to our national security. Instead of provoking another nuclear arms race with Russia, we should be investing in diplomacy and disarmament. The $65 million would be better spent at the DOE’s nuclear nonproliferation program which secures nuclear material both here at home and globally. It is hard to think of a more vital national security issue than protecting and securing nuclear material, and yet Republicans have cut funding for that important program by $97 million from fiscal year 2018. This is dangerous and, again, does nothing for our national security. Rather than fund another lowyield nuclear weapon that we don’t need, we should use the $65 million to increase nuclear nonproliferation accounts and prevent the spread of nuclear weapons. That is exactly why my amendment is so important, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in strong opposition to this amendment. Assuring funding for the modernization of our nuclear weapons stockpile is a critical national security priority of this bill. The bill provides necessary funding to extend the life of our Nation’s nuclear weapons stockpile and to address the continued deterioration of infrastructure at the NNSA sites. The amendment targets a new proposal to modify a limited number of W76 warheads that are currently undergoing refurbishment in order to provide for a lowlevel variant of the warhead. They will either be refurbished with a highyield warhead or a lowyield warhead. This modification does not provide the U.S. with any new nuclear capabilities. The U.S. has the capability and will continue to maintain that capability to deliver warheads at this yield 
with the Air Force’s B61 bomb and the airlaunched cruise missile. These lower level warheads are necessary to provide a credible deterrent against the use of warheads of similar yields that exist in large numbers by other nuclear weapons states. Specifically, possessing a warhead at this yield shows any aggressor that the U.S. has the capability to provide a proportional response to the use of a nonstrategic or tactical nuclear weapon against the U.S. or its allies. That is why the U.S. nuclear strategy under both the Obama administration and this administration advocated maintaining and modernizing both the B61 bomb and the nucleartipped cruise missile. Given that the U.S. has possessed this same capability for many years, I disagree with the idea that this modification will serve to destabilize relations with other nuclear weapons states. Rather, the intent of this warhead modification is to improve stability to demonstrate that the U.S. has the ability to deliver this capability on platforms that are not vulnerable to air defenses. b1845 It is intended to improve the credibility of our nuclear deterrent and show that the U.S. has the resolve to respond to nuclear threats. Credibility is the most basic requirement for nuclear deterrence to work. The amendment would also reduce the size of the current W76 stockpile because the funding supports not only the lowyield modification but also the refurbishment work that is needed to extend the life of these warheads. Mr. Chairman, I support the modification. I urge all Members to vote ‘‘no’’ on this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate the gentlewoman’s courtesy and her focusing on this. I agree wholeheartedly; we don’t need to go down this path again. The Republican Congress in 2005 looked at a similar proposal and eliminated it from a spending bill. The notion that we have lowyield weapons that are going to enable us to advance forward from the submarine launch is troubling. This actually will make the submarine exposed for being able to know where it is and attack it. And the ‘‘lowyield’’ terminology is a little disquieting. Think of the bomb that destroyed Hiroshima. These are amazingly destructive. Being able to have gradations of response and buy into that notion I think is deeply troubling and is, in fact, destabilizing. The $1.6 trillion episode that we are embarked upon in terms of modernization and enhancement could be well spent in other ways, especially not in this direction. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ), who is the chairman of the Armed Services Committee. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, we voted on a similar amendment on this topic a week before last in the National Defense Authorization Act. It was defeated then, and it should be defeated now. Mr. Chairman, I think there must be some misunderstanding. We are not talking about a new weapons system. What we are talking about is taking an existing weapon and taking some of the fissile material out so that it results in a lower yield. As the chairman from Idaho pointed out, we have similar lowyield weapons that are airdelivered. The only difference here is a different delivery system through the submarines. Now, by the way, submarines already have the higher yield delivery system. We are multiplying, though, with a low yield two different delivery systems to complicate adversaries’ calculations. Now, why would we want to do that? Well, it turns out the Russians have hundreds and hundreds of these lower yield weapons. And not only that, they write and speak openly about using them, even in conventional sorts of conflict. So the point of the Nuclear Posture Review is we need the full range of nuclear capability, from higher yield to lower yield, to make it clear that our nuclear deterrent is credible at every level. Whatever they may think they can get away with they cannot get away with. As Secretary Mattis has written to Leader MCCONNELL on June 3, 2018, this ‘‘warhead is meant to reinforce the credibility of our response, which strengthens deterrence by denying potential adversaries the advantages they appear to believe they could realize from nuclear first use.’’ It seems to me that that should be the thing that all of us come together on in national security. It is having a credible nuclear deterrent to ensure that no adversary—Russia, North Korea, no one—believes that they can get away with using these weapons. That is the reason this is so important. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California has 1
1⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ). Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment, which would strike $65 million for the development of the W76–2, or lowyield, nuclear warhead and move that funding to the nuclear nonproliferation account. The development of these warheads is based on the fallacy that nuclear war can be small and contained using smaller, lower yield weaponry. The idea that a nuclear war can be contained or minimized is dubious at best and terrifyingly dangerous at worst. Former Secretary of State George Schultz has affirmed this, saying that ‘‘nuclear weapons are nuclear weapons’’ and that the only logical path of a nuclear strike is escalation to higher yield weapons. This sentiment was recently reiterated in a letter signed by Secretary Schultz and nearly three dozen other current and former national security experts and officials, including former Senate Foreign Relations Committee Chairman Richard Lugar and former Secretary of Defense William Perry, opposing the development of these types of warheads. Further development of these types of weapons creates a greater possibility for a nuclear confrontation that will be impossible to contain. Instead of making us safer, it will only increase the chances that countless lives could be wiped out in an instant. This is an excellent amendment. It will make America safer. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to support the excellent amendment by the gentlewoman from California. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of Ranking Member LOWEY , I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from California is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I thank Congresswoman LEE, my colleague on the Appropriations Committee, for offering this very important amendment, and I rise in support of it. Please let me remind my colleagues who may not agree with our position that if this particular proposal for developing a lowyield nuclear weapon were so important, why was it not included in the administration’s initial budget submission to us? The process by which this has been handled for a nuclear weapon—if this were a conventional, then maybe there is a little room there for maneuver. But in terms of a nuclear weapon, it has many consequences beyond the weapon itself, including the understanding of our allies and including many of the treaties that are currently in place. I was actually shocked when the Secretary of Energy and many people from the Department of Energy came before our committee and they could not answer any questions on this. The nuclear security agency, when they came up before our committee, at that point this had not been proposed. It came in late; it was thrown over the transom. And I think the manner in which this has been handled is actually terrible. We have the most capable and sophisticated nuclear arsenal in the world. It is credible enough to deter and respond to any threat right now. We have what we need. But if we are to alter the combination of weapons that we have in our arsenal, then, for heaven’s sake, why not come up under regular order? 
We owe it to the American people and to our allies to have a full discussion and debate and assess how others will react to what we are doing and what we need to respond to. This may not be the most perfect response. And we don’t want to wander down a path to a variety of nuclear weapons without the kind of debate on deterrence, on security, on cost, on schedule, and on relation to existing systems that we have in place in our own country or others. So I really think the manner in which this was handled was absolutely awful. For something that deals with nuclear weapons, this Congress deserves more respect, the American people deserve more respect, and the world community deserves more respect. We are not saying we will never support this, but this is not the time to support this. I think the Congresswoman has proposed the proper amendment, and that is to strike the lowyield missile at this point. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. GARAMENDI ). Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time is remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 2
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. GARAMENDI. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the amendment. I also want to compliment my colleagues on the other side of this argument: the chairman of the House Armed Services Committee; I see our friend from Colorado and others here. All of us have the same goal, and that is to assure that the United States, and indeed the world, is safe from a nuclear war. We use deterrence as the way of accomplishing that. Every President since Ronald Reagan has strived to achieve a safer world by reducing the number of nuclear weapons. However, in recent years, beginning with President Obama and being carried on today, we are now involved in a new nuclear arms race. Not only are we going to build new nuclear weapons—bombs, if you will— such as this 762, presumed to be low yield, which is still extraordinarily devastating, we are also creating new delivery systems, new landbased missiles in the Upper Midwest, new submarines and new rockets and new stealth bombers—all of that costing more than $1 trillion. At the same time, we are developing new sensing devices and new ways in which we might protect those sensing devices and communications. All of this is creating an extremely dangerous world for our future, not a safer world. We are going in the absolutely wrong direction of increasing the likelihood of a mistake. I don’t think anybody on any side would ever want to initiate, but this particular bomb presents the opportunity for an escalation, a tit for tat. Russia escalates to deescalate, we escalate to deescalate, and they escalate, and we escalate, and pretty soon it is all gone. I would just ask all of us to step back and ponder for a moment why it was that Reagan and George H.W. Bush and Clinton and George W. Bush and Obama all went the other direction, to reduce the number of nuclear weapons. But here we are in the midst of a new nuclear arms race—$1.7 trillion. And all of us know that there are numerous needs that we have. So I would ask us just to pause for a second and to accept this amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, is all the time expired on that side? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 15 seconds of her original 5 minutes remaining. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me just say a couple of things. Our country should not expand the number of scenarios under which the United States might consider the use of nuclear weapons. We should never be in a position that the U.S. is using nuclear weapons first, which would lead us to a catastrophic war. I think Members on both sides of the aisle can agree to this, and I urge my colleagues to support this critical amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, is all of the time expired on my side from the original 5 minutes? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho has 30 seconds remaining. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, let me just say in this 30 seconds, first of all, addressing the gentlewoman from Ohio’s concern, the administration waited until the Nuclear Posture Review was done before they could submit their request for this funding. The budget request had been being worked on from clear last September before that, and they came up within days of each other, but the administration was waiting for the NPR to be finished before they submitted. We might not have liked the way that turned out, but that is just the reality. I don’t think it was anybody’s intent to try to misguide Congress or anything like that, while I understand her concern. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from Idaho has expired. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, as the designee of the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ), I move to strike the last word. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, before I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ), let me say the impression here is that we are increasing the number of nuclear weapons. We are not. We are doing refurbishment of the current weapons. And 50 of them would not be high level; they would be lowlevel, low yield nuclear weapons. It doesn’t increase the numbers. All of this is compliant with all of our nuclear treaties—compliant with all of our nuclear treaties. When I first heard about this, I actually had the same concerns I am hearing from the other side of the aisle: How does this increase our safety? Doesn’t it make it more likely it would be used if it was a lowyield rather than highyield? Then I went to some briefings and talked to some people, people who wrote the NPR and a few things like that, and what I found out was that Russia already has hundreds and hundreds—as the chairman of the committee said, has hundreds and hundreds of lowyield nuclear warheads. Why are they doing that? Would why they possibly do that? Because they think it will give them a strategic advantage in a traditional war. If our only response to their use of a lowyield nuclear weapon is Armageddon, then their bet is that we are not going to go to that level. For deterrence to work, it has to be credible. They have to understand that if they even use a lowyield nuclear weapon we will respond and that we have the capability to do it in proportion without destroying the world. But you also have to understand we are not talking about first use by us. This is meant to decrease the likelihood of a nuclear exchange. b1900 I have come to the conclusion that if we don’t do this, we are going to increase the likelihood of a nuclear exchange. Otherwise, why are they creating hundreds and hundreds—and China and North Korea are looking at it also—why are they creating nuclear lowyield weapons? Why is that in their interest? Stop and think about it a minute. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. LAMBORN ). Mr. LAMBORN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Idaho, and I appreciate his remarks. I also thank the chairman of the Armed Services Committee from Texas. Let me point out that in the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review, Secretary James Mattis conducted a very cleareyed assessment of nuclear threats. He said: ‘‘We must look reality in the eye and see the world as it is, not as we wish it to be.’’ As has been pointed out, Russia has hundreds and hundreds—actually, thousands—of lowyield nuclear weapons, including nuclear artillery shells, nuclear land mines, nuclear torpedoes, and others that they have announced. Russia regularly trains with its ‘‘escalatetodeescalate’’ doctrine, which they believe will force the U.S. to surrender early in a conflict. Under James Mattis, the Nuclear Posture Review rightly says: ‘‘Correcting this mistaken Russian perception is a strategic imperative.’’ Also, dozens of current and former defense officials and military officers 
have confirmed that this loweryield weapon is necessary to enhance deterrence. Here is President Obama’s last Secretary of Defense, Ashton Carter: ‘‘My views are reflected in the latest NPR,’’ Nuclear Posture Review, where he agrees with this doctrine. So that is the last two Secretaries of Defense from two different political parties and from two different administrations—very different administrations, I might add—and they are in full agreement that we need to do this for U.S. capability to stop Russian potential aggression. The amendment should be rejected. The agenda behind the amendment is totally outside the bipartisan mainstream of serious national security leaders like Secretary James Mattis and Secretary Ashton Carter. As has been said, I would remind my colleagues that this House has already debated this issue in the fiscal year 2019 NDAA we passed 2 weeks ago by a vote of 351–66—about a sixtoone ratio—and we rejected similar amendments at that time. So I would urge my colleagues to vote no on this amendment. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Ms. LEE. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 27 OFFERED BY MR . CONNOLLY  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 27 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 33, line 14, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $97,219,000)’’. Page 34, line 3, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $97,219,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, my amendment would increase the Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation program by $97 million. To offset this increase, my amendment funds the nuclear weapons activities program at $460 million above its FY 2018 appropriation. That is right, Mr. Chairman. This amendment returns the nonproliferation account to its FY 2018 enacted level of funding, and still provides the nuclear weapons activities program nearly a half a billiondollar increase. I would say this amendment is a simple trade off: support for nuclear proliferation at the expense of nuclear clear weapons. But the numbers reveal this amendment offers us not so much as a tradeoff as it does a winwin solution by making nonproliferation whole again while sacrificing relatively little in terms of nuclear weapons spending. That is because this underlying bill includes more than $180 million above what the President is requesting for nuclear weapons activities in FY 2019 and $557 million above the FY 2018 appropriation. That makes this a winwin amendment, Mr. Chairman. Both of these accounts fund nonproliferation and stockpile reduction programs that I think we can all support. But I fear we are underfunding nonproliferation in a manner inconsistent with our stated security priorities. In the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review, the administration stated: ‘‘Nuclear terrorism remains among the most significant threats to the security of the United States, our allies, and partners.’’ The National Nuclear Security Administration’s Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation program works globally to prevent state and nonstate actors from developing nuclear weapons or acquiring weaponsusable nuclear or radiological materials, equipment, technology, and expertise. This includes programs for nuclear material removal, international nuclear security, nuclear smuggling detection deterrence, international nuclear safeguards, and nuclear detonation detection. It also includes the Nuclear Counterterrorism and Incident Response program. However, the administration’s rhetorical concern for nuclear terrorism is, sadly, not matched by its budget request or the funding level provided in this bill. Additionally, I am concerned that the current funding level does not help us lay the groundwork for the immense nonproliferation challenge now posed by a possible denuclearization agreement all of us hope will occur on the Korean Peninsula. The administration’s Nuclear Posture Review declared, ‘‘North Korea’s illicit nuclear program must be completely, verifiably, and irreversibly eliminated.’’ I share that goal. If you want to ensure that inspectors for the International Atomic Energy Agency have the training and expertise they need to implement a complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization program for North Korea, then you must support the Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation program and you do not want to see it cut by $97 million. Additionally, there are nuclear weapons programs funded in this bill that are unnecessary, such as funding for the development of lowyield nuclear weapons and an uncertain plan for the expansion of plutonium pit production. Eliminating both of these programs would help return the nonproliferation program to its 2018 level. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to my friend from Virginia’s amendment. This bill shows strong support for the nonproliferation programs of the National Nuclear Security Administration, something that I support. Funding for Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation is $1.9 billion, it is $39 million above the budget request. That includes increases above the request for research and development activities for which we received Member requests. I have also supported increases in the past for these activities. The $2 billion amount that this amendment seeks to achieve is the result of an increase of $206 million above the fiscal year 2018 request. The NNSA’s nonproliferation account has significant unexpended balances that are the result of slow progress on international nonproliferation agreements and the infusion of additional funding added by Congress in prior years. It is not enough to just say we support nonproliferation and we support it by increasing the budget. That is how much we support it. It has to go towards something. You have to have agreements with international partners for nonproliferation activities. In May, the NNSA reported that it had $2.6 billion in available funds to carry out its nonproliferation mission, of which more than $733 million is left over from prior years. You have $733 million left over from prior years, and you want to add to that. Given the increasing amounts of unused balances, it is not clear that the NNSA will be able to expend additional funding in a timely manner. Not only would the amendment continue to add to programs beyond which the agency has said it can accomplish, it would do so at the expense of funding necessary to sustain our nuclear weapons stockpile, refurbish aging infrastructure, secure facilities where U.S. nuclear weapons are stored, and support a sciencebased stockpile certification strategy without nuclear testing. That is why I oppose this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, may I inquire how much time is left on my side. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 1 minute remaining. 
Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman CONNOLLY for yielding me his last minute and rise in support of this very important amendment to move $97 million to the Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation account. Without question, we are going to undergo modernization of our entire nuclear stockpile in this country. We are going to spend well over a trillion dollars. In addition to that, we have had discussions this afternoon and debate about this new lowyield nuclear weapon, which many people have misgivings about in view of the way it has been handled in committee here. There is no more important time in terms of the world, when we look at many unstable regimes that hold nuclear weapons within their stock, for us to have the most capable people with the most technical expertise to advise, not just people here in the United States, but our friends and allies abroad and international organizations concerned about nuclear proliferation. So the gentleman’s amendment increases our ability, doesn’t harm our ability, to monitor and verify arms control agreements and prevent other countries from acquiring nuclear weapons. I support the amendment. I think it makes sense with what we are doing with our own arsenal and what is happening globally. It makes ultimate sense that we should never cut these accounts. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, the only thing I would ask the gentlewoman from Ohio and the gentleman from Virginia is: What are they going to do with the additional $97 million? What are you going to do with it? You have got $733 million sitting there right now that they can’t spend. We have to have agreements with foreign countries to do nonproliferation work. Where are they going to spend it? I have been complaining—not complaining, but arguing, I guess—with Members for the last several years that want to put money in to show their support for nonproliferation: Why don’t you just put more money into it? I ask them: What do you want to do with it? They can’t tell you. By saying we increase the nonproliferation account, it shows we support nonproliferation. But you have got to have something you are going to do with it. Mr. CONNOLLY. Will the gentleman yield? Mr. SIMPSON. I yield to the gentleman from Virginia. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I do have a list of projects totalling between $100 million and $190 million that could be funded with this $97 million. I would also just add, and then I will yield back, given the fact that the President ripped up the Iran nuclear agreement that was working, we are going to have to spend a lot more money in Iran. And given the fact that we are having a summit with North Korea, hopefully, we are going to have to spend a lot more money in North Korea. Mr. SIMPSON. Reclaiming my time, I guess you have got an agreement there with Iran to do nonproliferation work? The reason we have some excess money is because the agreements with Russia, when things got a little cold between our two countries, some of those agreements kind of went by the wayside. I would like to know what the projects are. If there is something that somebody has come up with, if there are agreements to do those types of things. You can’t say: I want to spend another $97 million on top of the $733 million. If that is accurate at $190 million, we’ve got $733 million to do it right now. So why throw another $97 million on top of it? It just doesn’t make sense to me. Mr. Chairman, I urge opposition to the amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia will be postponed. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 28 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 36, line 1, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. b1915 Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, I rise to bring attention to a matter of critical importance to the health and safety of my constituents and citizens across the country. We need to act swiftly to clean up abandoned uranium mines in the Southwestern United States. On the Navajo Nation alone, there are over 500 abandoned mine sites that remain unaddressed and pose a danger to area residents. Many of these mines provided uranium to the U.S. Atomic Energy Commission for defense activities between 1947 and 1970, putting them in the purview of the DefenseRelated Uranium Mines Program. While this program is working to inventory and assess sites, we must begin planning to clean these sites up. This past week, I was in Cameron, Arizona, a community on the Navajo Nation which has been impacted by uranium mining. The town sits right above the Little Colorado River, and the mine sites are not far from the river, whose water eventually flows into the Grand Canyon. In Cameron, I heard stories about how these sites have gone decades without the necessary cleanup. At this same meeting, I heard from community members and Tribal leaders that sites like this are a growing concern across the Navajo Nation. These communities need us now, Mr. Chair. Across northern Arizona, uranium mining has a toxic legacy, and many of my constituents continue to fight the cancers and diseases that were caused by radiation exposure decades ago. This exposure was so severe that Congress went so far as to pass the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act. Today we understand these health risks, and we know that unaddressed sites pose a danger to public health and will continue to pose risks until they are remediated or reclaimed. In some communities, abandoned mines are near water, near schools, or are places where livestock graze. The potential contamination of these areas that are so critical to our communities and our food and water resources is a serious issue that we have put off for too long. We must step up now and clean these sites. My amendment simply designates funding to expedite cleanup of sites through the DefenseRelated Uranium Mines Program. This amendment will ensure that we are doing our part to improve public health for longneglected communities in Arizona and the Southwest. It is past time to turn the page on the Federal Government’s disgraceful failure to address this issue for the families affected spanning decades. I urge my colleagues to support my commonsense amendment on behalf of these families and their communities. Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Washington is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chair, I appreciate my colleague’s support for the DOE’s efforts to take action on the defenserelated uranium mines that are a 
legacy of the Cold War. The amendment does not change funding levels within the bill, and I do not oppose the amendment. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 29 OFFERED BY MR . GOSAR  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 29 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
WAPA ADMINISTRATOR SALARY  SEC. ll. The salary of Mark Gabriel, the Administrator of the Western Area Power Administration, shall be reduced to $1. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I rise today to offer an amendment that utilizes the Holman rule to hold WAPA Administrator Mark Gabriel accountable. On Gabriel’s watch, millions of taxpayer and customer dollars were flushed down the drain on fraudulent and improper transactions while a culture of fear from the highest echelons of the agency enforced silence as to the true nature and scope of these misdeeds. Wasteful and fraudulent expenditures by WAPA in recent years include things like ammunition; specialized weapons, including numerous purchases of $1,200 rifle scopes; an unauthorized ATV at a cost of $14,000; a John Deere lawn tractor; personal clothing; prohibited purchases of $349,000 to accessorize personal cars; $271,000 at book stores; $102,000 to deck out motorcycles from shops and dealers; and questionable expenditures from one employee to the tune of $50,000 per month. Now, in response, the Western Area Power Administration slowwalked investigations, covered up the fraud, and intimidated anyone bold enough to call it out. A 14year Federal employee who once worked for the U.S. Attorney’s Office told reporters: ‘‘Instead of aggressively going after corruption, WAPA’s bosses slowwalked the investigation, retaliated against those who uncovered fraud, and failed to protect them from threats.’’ Unfortunately, this employee is not alone. A former WAPA vice president for procurement went on record to state that, during his 30 years of Federal service, he had never seen anything like this and certainly had never felt unsafe at work until he worked at WAPA on a daily basis. Disturbingly, 20 complaints of violence in the workplace occurred over the last 3year period. The mismanagement, corruption, and culture is so bad at WAPA that an independent consultant did a violence assessment in late 2015 and found: ‘‘Multiple employees reported having been threatened directly or heard others being threatened regarding the current investigations. . . . Several indicated they had not bothered to report the incidents for reasons of fear and/or the belief upper management would not act. Because of past failures to address these issues more seriously, it is very likely the incidents will increase in number and severity.’’ Assessors also reported: ‘‘Employees mentioned bosses who actively seek to intimidate employees, especially women, and who tolerate and perhaps promote a culture of unacceptable behavior in their teams.’’ Equally troubling, Administrator Gabriel is routinely and publicly insubordinate as an agency head. At an April 12, 2018, budget hearing, Mr. Gabriel took a public position contrary to that of the current administration, advocating for tip funding even though the budget proposal proposed to eliminate such funding. This commonsense amendment seeks to hold this rogue bureaucrat accountable to the American people and the victims who have suffered under his tenure. I am pleased to have the support of FreedomWorks, who is key voting this amendment; Club for Growth, who is key voting the amendment; the Tea Party Patriots; Americans for Limited Government; Texas’ Michael Q. Sullivan; the Grand Canyon State Electric Cooperative Association; the Mohave Electric Cooperative; the Sulphur Springs Valley Electric Cooperative; Arizona Pork Producers; New Mexico Cattle Growers Association; New Mexico Wool Growers; Sulphur Up North Jobs, Incorporated. Numerous customers and Federal employees no longer want Mr. Gabriel in charge, having understandably lost faith in his leadership. It is far past time that the Department of Energy clean house and show this Obama administration holdover the door. Mr. Chair, I commend the chairman and the committee for their efforts on this legislation. I urge support of the amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to this amendment. I recognize my colleague’s concerns about certain actions and practices of the Western Area Power Administration. I applaud his dedication to improving the functionality of the agency for the benefit of his constituents. In fact, he has worked with this committee to make improvements related to appropriations, and I would encourage him to continue to engage with us on appropriate oversight measures. This amendment, though, will not improve the effectiveness and transparency of this agency. Rather, it is simply a punitive one toward one individual, and I cannot support such an effort. That is why I opposed the Holman rule that was adopted by the rules package, I guess—what?—last year or something like that, the year before last. The problem is you have got an individual here, and there have been claims about his behavior or his inability to do his job, and we are going to debate whether he is going to have a salary or not or whether you are going to essentially fire him, reduce his salary to $1, in a 10minute debate on the floor. Is that really fair? Is that right? I don’t think you should do that. If the activities that have been suggested by the gentleman from Arizona have occurred, why isn’t the Government Oversight Committee looking at this? Why aren’t they calling him in, having a hearing on it? Why isn’t the Energy and Commerce Committee doing the same? That is the appropriate way to do that when you have got someone who has misbehaved as an Administrator, not to come on the floor with a 10 minute debate, make charges which may or may not be true—I just don’t know—but then ask us to essentially fire somebody. I just don’t think that is right. For these reasons, I must urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on this amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have left. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona has 1 minute remaining. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, the current application of the Holman rule authorizes three specific uses in an appropriation bill: the reduction of amounts of money in the bill, the reduction of the number and salary of officers of the United States, or the reduction of the compensation of any person paid out in the treasury of the United States. Let’s go back through this. Look at this fraud. Look at these 20 complaints of violence. I have to tell you: Are you sure you want to defend this guy? Inconceivable. Inconceivable that we are going to allow this. We owe it to the Federal employees under this gentleman to have an employment environment to be well taken care of. Mr. Chair, I ask for the Members to vote on behalf of this amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, nobody is defending this individual. What he has presented is 20 accusations. I think he ought to be able to have his day in a proper hearing before the proper committee to decide whether it is the right 
thing to do, not sit here and say, ‘‘I agree with these accusations.’’ I don’t know if they are true or not. Nobody on this floor knows whether they are true or not. Mr. Chair, I yield the balance of my time to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I thank the chairman of the subcommittee for yielding, and I rise in opposition to this amendment, not completely understanding what it is the gentleman is objecting to. I know that you have an individual about whom you are upset. The gentleman is from the State of Arizona. Am I correct? Mr. GOSAR. Yes. Ms. KAPTUR. The State of the gentleman is under this Western Area Power Authority. We don’t have that sort of power umbrella in our region of the country. I have read all about the fights in the West among all these Western States, a dozen and a half Western States: Arizona fights with California; California fights with Washington; Washington fights—it is unbelievable. So I am a little reluctant as a nonWesterner to believe anybody until we get a proper tribunal to assess whether what you are saying is correct or not. For all I know, this man put some power in another State that hurt Arizona. I don’t know. I look at the controversies out there, and I just think that this amendment targets one person and reduces their salary to one dollar without any trial, without any tribunal. It sort of reminds me of the way in which the gentleman’s side of the aisle handled the firing of the chaplain and then, because we finally tried to get some justice here, he was brought on. Mr. Chair, you don’t do this to people. We have a judicial process in this country, and you have to go through the proper channels. I think we have to focus on fair ways in which to adjudicate if, in fact, there is something going on out there. I really question whether what is really going on here is a fight between Arizona and adjoining States. Mr. GOSAR. Will the gentlewoman yield? Ms. KAPTUR. I yield to the gentleman. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. SHIMKUS ). The time of the gentleman has expired. The gentleman from Idaho may yield to you, if he so desires. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, has my time expired? The Acting CHAIR. No. The gentleman from Idaho controls the time. The gentlewoman from Ohio cannot yield. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, this isn’t a jurisdictional aspect of power across the West. This is fraud. This is workplace violence—20. This has nothing to do with jurisdictional application of water or power. This is an unsafe application within the workplace. This is a bully in an agency who is weighing in and doing unwanted things. We have an obligation, an absolute obligation, to rein somebody in like this. That is what is wrong here. If we can’t do this to a swamp creature of this magnitude, then what can we do. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. GOSAR ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Arizona will be postponed. b1930 
AMENDMENT NO . 30 OFFERED BY MR . KEATING  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 30 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 55, line 19, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,000,000) (increased by $1,000,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts. Mr. KEATING. Mr. Chairman, my amendment seeks to ensure adequate resources for the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, the NRC, to provide for safe and effective decommissioning of nuclear power plants. In 2016, Entergy Corporation, the owner and operator of the Pilgrim Nuclear Power Plant in Plymouth, Massachusetts, announced that the plant would be decommissioned by 2019 after facing severe losses in revenue and plagued by safety concerns. Since coming to Congress, I have been concerned by the safety of Pilgrim’s daytoday operations as well as the security of its spent fuel storage. Following Entergy’s announcement, I have worked with State and local representatives to prioritize the safety of the decommissioning process, security of the plant’s spent fuel, and the displacement of over 600 workers who are employed at the site. The NRC has previously issued reports revealing that Pilgrim Nuclear Power Station comes up short on critical systems maintenance, and it is currently the worst performing reactor in the entire country. While this infraction ultimately falls on the responsibility of Entergy, it is equally important that the NRC has the necessary resources to address concerns as they arise, including through cooperation with local communities. As we have often cited, decommissioning of nuclear power plants has an enormous economic and financial impact on host communities. We have urged that decommissioning funds be used for the safe removal of spent fuel to dry cask storage, to restoration, to remediation of the site and maintaining emergency preparedness and security resources throughout the entire process. Finally, it is my hope that the NRC prioritizes worker protections as it oversees decommissioning both in my district and around the entire country. As the number of decommissioned plants increases, the potential exodus of highly skilled experienced workers presents a serious threat to our safety. The people in my community rely on the workers in Plymouth to keep them safe, and we hope the NRC will facilitate workforce continuity throughout the entire decommissioning process. Mr. Chair, I thank my colleagues for their consideration of this amendment and urge their support. Again, I would like to thank the chairman from Idaho. We started the day working on issues from the Pilgrims to the Mayflower, too, to things the Pilgrims never envisioned, like decommissioned nuclear power plants. So rest assured that when we celebrate the 2020 400th anniversary in the town of Plymouth, America’s hometown, that he will be very welcomed, and I will give him a personal tour of the aweinspiring view of Plymouth Rock. Thank you again for your help, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. SMUCKER ). The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KEATING ). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 31 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I rise as the designee of Mr. BEYER to offer an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 62, beginning on line 16, strike section 505. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, this amendment preserves the National Ocean Policy. The National Ocean Policy is a commonsense way to facilitate multistakeholder collaboration on complex ocean issues, and it promotes economic opportunity, national security, and environmental protection. 
I think we can all agree that we want thriving ocean and coastal ecosystems that promote the economic vitality of our communities. The National Ocean Policy is doing exactly that with the Northeastern region having completed its plan and the West Coast and other regions well on their way. Prohibiting the allocation of funds to this important program will stifle collaboration among stakeholders on complex issues relating to environmental protection, national security, economic opportunity, and ocean policy. I represent a coastal district in southern California, and I know firsthand that we can have a thriving ocean economy and at the same time protect and conserve our precious ocean resources. Off the coast of my district, there are marineprotected areas, State waters, Federal waters, and Department of Defense installations. We are a marine life hotspot. Some of the best blue whale watching happens just a few miles from our shore. We have a booming recreational fishing section. We have a large shellfish aquaculture ranch that is now operating. We have beautiful beaches. We also have oil and gas activity with some rigs right near our shore. My district is also home to the Port of Long Beach, which is the second busiest port in North America. With so much activity happening, it simply makes sense to have the Navy at the table when NOAA is working on siting of new aquaculture installations. It makes sense to have the Fishery Management Council weigh in when oil rigs are being decommissioned, and it is a nobrainer that NOAA, the Coast Guard, and the ports all work together to get these massive ships in and out of our port safely. So as we move forward, the need for an overarching policy only grows. Issues like sea level rise and ocean acidification are too big and too serious for any one community or agency to tackle alone. Increased aquaculture development and new technologies for clean, local energy are creating economic opportunities, but they must be thoughtfully implemented. The National Ocean Policy is the tool we have right now to promote smart shared use of our ocean resources. All of our districts benefit from our oceans, whether we represent coastal districts or not. Therefore, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Arizona is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, on July 19, 2010, President Obama signed Executive Order 13547 and sought to implement a new National Ocean Policy. According to the House Committee on Natural Resources: ‘‘In this unilateral action, he established a topdown Washington, D.C.based approval process that will hinder rather than promote ocean and inland activities and cost American jobs. . . . This has the potential to inflict damage across a spectrum of sectors, including agriculture, fishing, construction, manufacturing, mining, oil and natural gas, renewable energy, and marine commerce, among others. . . . Over 80 national and local organizations representing agriculture, forestry, energy, fishing, boating, mining, transportation, and construction wrote to then Appropriations Committee Chairman HALROGERS requesting a prohibition on funding for the implementation of the President’s National Ocean Policy.’’ Our oceans are home to a variety of industries, and it is critical that we maintain our offshore environments and promote a robust offshore economy. The National Ocean Policy represents the previous administration’s heavyhanded, topdown approach to Federal land and water management and does not reflect the realities of our working oceans and coastal communities. Our offshore assets contribute billions to the U.S. economy, and the National Ocean Policy’s vague directive sharply discouraged the development of American energy, sustainable fisheries, and our coastal economies. Policies like this cause industries to turn outside of the U.S. to do their business. Adding duplicative layers of permitting and consultation to our already highly regulated ocean industries and subject all parties to virtually unlimited legal exposure, we are seeing this firsthand in the Northeast, where direct conflict in the ocean user groups has resulted in litigation. This is the exact thing that this policy is supposed to alleviate. Years into implementation, this policy is incapable of achieving its stated goal. U.S. oceans industries are major global players, and we need to keep our industries competitive. The National Ocean Policy does the opposite. As such, I strongly oppose this amendment. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ). Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Here is the bottom line. Ocean planning works, and I can assure you that this is not a topdown approach. Ocean plans are regionally led initiatives where stakeholders and researchers collect data and then come to the table to voice their concerns and work out their differences. With ocean planning, we can use our waters wisely and sustainably. In the Northeast and midAtlantic, we have already finished our plans. Now, for some reason, many of my colleagues across the aisle don’t believe in this open discussion among stakeholders, but we have seen what happens when oceans are brought to the brink. Species have been pushed to the edge of extinction undermining the livelihoods of our fishermen and destroying the vibrant ocean ecosystem. It baffles me that we continue debating this. Ocean planning is the way to ensure local and regional voices are heard and that we sustainably pass our waters on to the next generation. So I urge my colleagues to vote for this amendment, which I thank Mr. BEYER for leading. I also want to recognize and commend my colleague in the other Chamber, Senator SHELDON WHITEHOUSE , for his extraordinary work in combating climate change and fighting for a sustainable ocean policy. This is the right thing to do, again, regionally led, definitely not a top down approach. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Arizona. Mr. Chairman, although I am supportive of the stated goals of the National Ocean Policy, such as more interagency coordination and decisionmaking, there are many troubling aspects here. This amendment seeks to strip underlying language that prevents Federal agencies from using ambiguous authorities in the National Ocean Policy to encroach on a wide variety of ocean and inland activities. I have heard from farmers and irrigators from throughout the Pacific Northwest concerned that illdefined terms such as ‘‘ecosystembased management’’ give broad authority to Federal agencies to adversely impact terrestrial agriculture that is hundreds of miles from the Pacific Coast in the name of ocean management. Before imposing these burdens on farmers who feed our Nation, it is necessary for Congress to evaluate such a policy to ensure that all affected stakeholders have a seat at the table. I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Maine (Ms. PINGREE ). Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of this amendment, and I thank my colleague from California for yielding me this time. Now, every year, we have this battle. It is a battle to simply recognize the importance of our oceans and ocean planning. We have already learned about the fact that ocean planning works, and it is working already in New England and the midAtlantic; and instead of arguing hypotheticals about things that could happen, might happen, we should talk about the story of what actually happens in regions like mine where we live and work on the ocean. The story of National Ocean Policy isn’t national at all. It is about local control, local stakeholders, local input, and local decisionmaking. 
In Maine, we have some great success stories of fishermen, lobstermen, Native American Tribes, local communities, and other stakeholders developing voluntary regional ocean plans. It is a great story of coordination among varied interests, all with the same goal of better understanding our oceans, protecting them, and working with them and in them. b1945 By including those who work on and near the ocean, we are coordinating ocean activities for efficiency and coordination. But the language in today’s underlying bill would make it even more difficult for Federal agencies, for State agencies, and for local communities to work together on the future of our ocean resources. Mr. Chairman, this rider has no place in this bill, and I urge my colleagues to strike it. The Acting CHAIR. The time of the gentleman from California has expired. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ). Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Let me first state that Idaho is not next to an ocean, although we do have the furthest inland port of any State in the country. The point of this is that you all make great arguments—arguments that ought to be held and debated in the authorizing committee. The point is that the ocean policy here was put in effect without ever going through Congress. It has never been authorized. It is not that it has been authorized and the expiration dates just expired, like many programs, far too many programs. This has never been authorized by Congress. I might agree with you in the end, but it ought to go through the proper process instead of just doing an executive order. Mr. GOSAR. Mr. Chairman, I ask for a ‘‘no’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Chair, I rise in strong support of this amendment which would remove the provision in this bill which prohibits funding from being used to implement National Ocean Policy. This provision represents yet another in a long line of attempts by House Republicans to weaken an effective, common sense policy that protects our nation’s oceans. National Ocean Policy allows federal agencies to coordinate implementation of more than 100 ocean laws, and allows state and local governments to have a say in the ocean planning process. In my home state of Rhode Island, the Ocean State, a strong National Ocean Policy is vital to our economy. Rhode Island’s ocean economy generates more than $2 billion annually, including more than $1.4 billion from the travel and tourism industries, and nearly $94 million from the commercial fishing industry. On top of this, Rhode Island’s Ocean economy supports more than 41,000 jobs. My state, as well as all coastal states, depends on clean, viable oceans to support these industries, which is why it is such a terrible idea to undermine the development of a strong National Ocean Policy. National Ocean Policy does not create any new regulations, supersede existing regulations, rather, it helps coordinate the implementation of and compliance with existing regulations in order to ensure a more efficient and effective decision making process. The funding prohibition in this bill would undermine good, effective policy, and would undermine effective stewardship of our nation’s oceans and coastlines. I strongly support this amendment to remove the provision, and encourage its adoption. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. LOWENTHAL. Mr. Chairman, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from California will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 32 OFFERED BY MR . KIHUEN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 32 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 63, beginning on line 7, strike section 508. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. KIHUEN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I offer an amendment to H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act of 2019. This amendment, Mr. Chairman, is very simple. It would strike language that would prohibit the closure of Yucca Mountain. This site sits in my congressional district, less than 100 miles away from Las Vegas, a city that sees 42 million visitors each year, with many of these visitors coming from your districts. Nevada depends on these visitors. Nevada’s economy depends on these visitors. Putting a nuclear repository this close to millions of Americans is simply irresponsible. And I have grave concerns with the transportation of nuclear waste to Yucca Mountain should this project move forward against the will of Nevadans. Mr. Chairman, Nevada has no nuclearenergyproducing facilities, and it should not be the dumping ground for the rest of the country’s nuclear waste. The bottom line is this: If your State generates nuclear waste, then you should keep it in your backyard. Or if any of my colleagues are okay with sending nuclear waste to my State, then maybe they should consider keeping it in their own State. I will be more than happy to work with them on an amendment. So, again, Mr. Chairman, the people in Nevada do not want this nuclear waste stored in their backyard. Yucca Mountain needs to close, and that is why I encourage my colleagues to vote in support of this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Nevada (Ms. TITUS), my colleague from the First Congressional District. Ms. TITUS. Mr. Chairman, I thank Congressman KIHUEN for yielding and for his leadership on this issue. Earlier this evening, we heard from the distinguished Member from Illinois, who continues to push the ‘‘Yucca or bust’’ policy of the last 36 years. He claimed that the Nevada delegation is trying to circumvent the adjudication process to determine if Nevada should be the dumping ground for the Nation’s highly radioactive nuclear waste. He said Congress should reject another amendment to save $190 million from being thrown away on this failed proposal because we should let the licensing process play out without some preconceived outcome. Well, I am sorry, but that is just more BS. If he really believed that, he would be joining us in support of amendment No. 32, which strips the unnecessary policy rider that prohibits closing down the alreadyshuttered Yucca Mountain. It predetermines that Yucca Mountain will be the Nation’s nuclear waste dump and handcuffs the administration from choosing another site regardless of what any studies show. If we are serious about solving this problem, we should change direction and allow consentbased siting. We could start that process today and right now by supporting this amendment. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Illinois is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Chairman, I thank my colleagues from Nevada for allowing us to have this debate once again. Two weeks ago, we had this debate on the floor of the House. We had a pretty good vote, a bipartisan vote: 340 of our colleagues supported continuing to move forward; 72 disagreed with that position. Part of this debate allows me to just lay out the true facts, and the facts are that this body and this Nation decided 30plus years ago to address a national 
problem with a national solution. So we have been moving forward as a Nation for 30 years—30 years, $15 billion, the most studied piece of ground on the planet. Fortunately, it is in the State of Nevada, and Nevada can claim that they have the safest location for a geological repository. The Nuclear Regulatory Commission, in exhaustive research—and I was wrong. It wasn’t 1,000 pages; it is 1,928 pages. This is one of five volumes. And, yes, the previous amendment was to say: Let’s don’t adjudicate the difference. My colleagues from Nevada keep saying it is not safe. I trust our independent Nuclear Regulatory Commission that says it is safe for a million years. The only way you resolve this is to follow the law and go through adjudication of the complaints. Now, the State of Nevada doesn’t want to go through the adjudication because I believe that, once the science is debated, the decision will be in line with the independent Nuclear Regulatory Commission and their exhaustive research. Now, let’s talk about this current amendment. What this current amendment does is just says: Let’s disregard the will of 49 States and our territories and 30 years of law to respond to the State of Nevada’s opposition, not even scientifically based. So what does that mean? What it means is that spent nuclear fuel in a place in California—this is San Onofre Nuclear Generating Station. It is between Las Vegas and San Diego. It is right on the Pacific Ocean. What it means is that it stays right there. What it means for my colleague DAN NEWHOUSE from Washington State is that the defense liability of Hanford, right on the Columbia River, stays right there. What it means for my friends in Chicago is that the Zion Nuclear Power Generating Station, right on Lake Michigan, stays right there. What about the Savannah River Site? Well, it stays right next to Savannah River versus 90 miles away in the desert, underneath a mountain, on Federal property. So when the local concern is addressed about the local issue, the local consensus is really the Department of the Interior, the Department of Defense, and the Department of Energy. That Federal land is larger than the State of Connecticut. That is the local concern that we are dealing with and we are addressing here. This is all of the operating commercial nuclear power plants. That is why there are 31 States and 121 locations. And that is why this debate is important. Because more and more, as we are able to lay out the facts, the consensus by the national media is that it is time to move forward and finish the project, whether that is The Washington Post, The San Diego UnionTribune, the Aiken Standard, the Los Angeles Times, or the Chicago Tribune. So I say to my colleagues, I understand the ‘‘not in my backyard,’’ but there is more nuclear spent fuel in Chicago, Illinois, in Chicagoland—in Chicagoland, not 90 miles away. And Chicago has 55 million visitors, not 33 million—more than Las Vegas. It is not going to hurt their tourism. Actually, it is going to help diversify the economy. I understand the argument and debate. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for letting me address this again in this Chamber so that I can fully not only educate our colleagues but move the Nation forward. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. KIHUEN ). The amendment was rejected. 
AMENDMENT NO . 33 OFFERED BY MR . NEWHOUSE  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 33 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to sell the transmission assets of the Bonneville Power Administration, the Southwestern Power Administration, the Western Area Power Administration, or the Tennessee Valley Authority. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Washington. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I rise to offer an amendment on a critical matter for the Bonneville Power Administration and our Nation’s other power marketing administrations, or PMAs, including the Southwestern Power Administration and the Western Area Power Administration, as well as the Tennessee Valley Authority, or the TVA. The President’s fiscal year 2019 budget request, released earlier this year, included a misguided proposal to sell the transmission assets of these entities. It is unfortunate this proposal was offered once again, as the matter was met with resounding rejection by Congress last year when it was offered in the fiscal year 2018 budget request. The sale of these assets would result in the Federal Government abandoning a successful and efficient solution for providing affordable power to rural, urban, and tribal communities across the country. This onetime Federal debt reduction proposal would create energy production and delivery issues for my constituents, as costs would inevitably rise. Mr. Chairman, this illadvised proposal is once again a Federal attempt to fix something that is not broken. I fully support efforts to improve energy infrastructure across the Nation. However, I do not believe that this goal should come at the expense of existing infrastructure—infrastructure that successfully fills a need where market based pricing would not be sustainable. My constituents, especially in rural communities, depend on the Bonneville Power Administration to provide stable and affordable electricity service. Divesting BPA’s assets would create needless uncertainty for regional energy markets and ratepayers in central Washington. In a climate where BPA continues to face unnecessary challenges, whether from the imprudent Federal proposal to move to marketbased rates or the incessant use of litigation brought forward by radical environmentalists for the past three decades, I offer this amendment which simply prohibits any funds from being used to sell the transmission assets of the three PMAs and the TVA. b2000 Mr. Chairman, I come before the House today as a champion for the Bonneville Power Administration, an advocate for public power, and a steadfast representative for ratepayers across central Washington State, the greater Pacific Northwest, and the entire Nation. I encourage the administration to listen to this resounding bipartisan message that I bring along with my colleagues today: we reject this proposal and prohibit the divestment of these assets. Mr. Chairman, I yield 30 seconds to the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ). Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for the amendment. The Tennessee Valley Authority is something that is important to us and to the nearly 10 million Tennessee Valley ratepayers that they serve each and every single day. As the gentleman said, something is not broken, so it does not need the Federal Government to come in and try to fix it. Mr. Chair, I stand with the gentleman supporting the PMA’s, the TVA, and those that are utilizers of this service. Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Chairman, I am proud my amendment is cosponsored by at least 18 bipartisan colleagues, and I would humbly urge the rest of my colleagues to support and vote ‘‘yes’’ on this amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Washington (Mr. NEWHOUSE ). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 34 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. 
The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. Each amount appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act that is not required to be appropriated or otherwise made available by a provision of law is hereby reduced by 1 percent. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, this is an amendment that I propose each and every year because I think this is something that is worthy of discussion. We are facing $21 trillion in debt in this Nation. We have annual deficits that continue to climb. We have to look at how you are going to grow your way and cut your way out of this Nation’s debt. Now, we know that this appropriations bill is something that is at $44.75 billion. A lot of hard work by the members of the Appropriations Committee has gone into this. We appreciate that they have made an effort to keep the spending down, even some years they have been below the level that was actually enacted the previous year. This year that is not the case. They are a little bit above, but they are working diligently, and I am grateful for that. I think we need to work a little bit harder, and that is why I bring this, a penny out of a dollar, one penny, making that type rescission in what we are spending, making certain that we are engaging rankandfile Federal employees after they receive their appropriated funds, saying: ‘‘Let’s go back to the drawing board. Let’s take one penny out of every dollar we spend.’’ We are doing it for our children and our grandchildren, facing the fact that our Nation has a climbing debt. Now, Admiral Mullen said July 6, 2010: ‘‘The greatest threat to our Nation’s security is our Nation’s debt.’’ This is an issue that deserves a better effort. We have given it good efforts. Let’s give it a better effort and give it our best effort to get this spending under control. The reason, with these discretionary funds, we say let’s do it with across theboard cuts is because acrossthe board spending reductions work. It has been proven by many of our States, where Democratic and Republican Governors have made acrosstheboard reductions in order to get budgets in balance. It is done by cities; it is done by counties; it is done by the private sector; it is done by families. It is time for us to engage the bureaucracy and say to them: ‘‘Find one penny out of a dollar and help us preserve our freedom for future generations.’’ Mr. Chair, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, this would not be an appropriation bill if we didn’t have this amendment before us. Every year, this amendment has been offered, and the gentlewoman from Tennessee and I have debated this many times in the past. While I commend my colleague for her consistent work to protect the taxpayers’ dollars, this is not the approach that I would endorse nor can I support. The bill in its current form balances many of the needs. The bill prioritizes funding for national security and critical infrastructure, yet the gentlewoman’s amendment proposes an acrosstheboard cut on every one of these programs, including increases in funding that are sorely needed to modernize our nuclear weapons stockpile and to protect our Nation’s electrical grid from emerging cyber threats. Acrosstheboard cuts make no distinction between where we need to be spending or investing in our infrastructure, promoting jobs, and meeting our national security needs and where we need to limit spending to meet our deficit reduction goals. That is what we actually do when we write a bill in the Appropriations Committee and have the hearings and so forth. The main reason this bill is $1.5 billion above last year and the reason that the chairman gave this allocation to the Energy and Water Subcommittee is because there was a need in rebuilding our nuclear security infrastructure. That is where the majority of that money went. The next major portion of it went to the Army Corps of Engineers to build the waterways and infrastructure that need to be replaced. There is something like a trillion dollars—I know it is not the exact number, and I don’t know if that is the correct number, but it is pretty close—of backlog, of needs within the Army Corps of Engineers, with an aging infrastructure: locks and dams, harbors that need to be maintained for our economy, that need to be dredged. That is where the majority of that money went. That is why the Appropriations Committee put the additional $1.5 billion into this. Yes, reducing the deficit and addressing our debt are critical things that need to get done, too, but everyone here, including the gentlewoman from Tennessee, who is my good friend, knows that it is not the discretionary spending that is driving this debt and deficit each year; it is the huge increases in mandatory spending. Those are primarily Social Security, Medicare, and Medicaid, interest on the debt. That is what is driving the debt. If you look back 40 or 50 years ago, out of the entire Federal budget, 70 percent of it was discretionary spending. That is what we spend money on that everybody thinks as government when they think of government. About 30 percent of it was the mandatory programs. It has reversed. Now a little over 70 percent of the Federal Government is mandatory. It is on autopilot. Unless we change the law underneath it and have the courage to do that, it continues to grow. If you look at our budget today on the discretionary side, we spend less today than we did in 2010. That is 8 years later. We spend less today on discretionary spending than we did in 2010. That is the reality. So while I appreciate the effort to address the debt and the deficit, this is not the way to do it. It is not addressing the main problem that is driving our debt. Mr. Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. Kaptur). Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chair, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. I would just say, you know, there used to be an old expression. They asked Jesse James, ‘‘Why do you rob banks.’’ He said, ‘‘That is where the money is.’’ So I think about the situation we face in our country today. I am not willing to take the money out of this budget, which I consider critical to America’s security at home and abroad, and meanwhile, in other fora, to give trillions of dollars to the top 1 percent in this country who aren’t really interested in what we are doing here much, don’t appreciate it sometimes. I am not willing to leave off the hook the Wall Street bankers that took us into the 2008 recession, not a single one went to jail. It is interesting where the gentlewoman is looking for money. One of the reasons I chose to be on this subcommittee is I am sick of going to war for energy. Too many people from my region have died. I think part of America’s solution is becoming energy independent and being able to conduct war where we have to. This bill allows us to do that for the sake of the Republic. I think the gentlewoman has a good intention to try to balance the budget. I think she is looking at the wrong end of the telescope. Mr. SIMPSON. I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chairman, when you talk about where you are looking for money, it is coming out of the hardworking taxpayers’ pocket. And what they say is, ‘‘Do something about the debt,’’ because they are the ones who are footing the bill. Now, it is easy for us to say, yes, the mandatory spending eats up most of the budget. That is very true. The chairman is correct on that. But is that a reason to not do something about discretionary? Absolutely not. Should we continue to exercise the ability to find efficiencies, to try to do more with less? Absolutely, we should. 
Should we make government more effective, more efficient, and more responsive? Should we utilize new technologies? Absolutely, we should, because every penny that we appropriate in this Chamber comes from the taxpayers of this Nation, who are working hard. They know government never runs out of an appetite for their money. They know that government is always going to ask for more. They are looking at the $21 trillion in debt. Let’s take these steps. Let’s cut a penny out of a dollar and do it because we know this debt is going to land on the heads of our children and our grandchildren. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACK BURN ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee will be postponed. 
AMENDMENT NO . 35 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 35 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A, before the short title, insert the following: SEC. ll. The amounts otherwise provided by this Act are revised by reducing the amount made available for ‘‘Corps of EngineersCivil—Investigations’’, and increasing the amount made available for the same account, by $3,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, all over the Nation, we face a series of disasters that come in many different forms: fires, volcanoes, and heavy rain. My amendment deals with the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers and the important aspect of its investigatory work by redirecting $3 million for increased funding for postdisaster watershed assessment studies that are typical across the Gulf region and even up the East Coast, where we know Hurricane Sandy was devastating just a few years ago. The U.S. Army Corps of Engineers plays a critical role in the building, maintaining, and expanding of the most critical of the Nation’s infrastructure. b2015 My amendment would address the question of prepreparedness. As we were facing the disaster of Hurricane Harvey, so many wondered how much more we should have preprepared. Many were aware of the fact that we flooded in 500year and 1,000year flood areas. We are aware of the devastation in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands. The Army Corps of Engineers can be very instrumental in assessing ahead of time the potential impact of flood and storm damage and, through the investigations, can reduce this and create savings. I am optimistic, as we go forward, and hopeful that we will receive in the Gulf region a regional watershed assessment flood risk management feasibility study. But I think it is important to note that we are probably not out from under the weather of future disasters. On April 15, 2016, 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12hour period and, as well, 2016, another major flood causing major damage. And, finally, this is not atypical, it seems, as we watched the hurricane season of last year all over the Gulf region and we found Hurricane Harvey dropped 21 trillion gallons and 300,000 homes were lost. So the investigatory part of the Army Corps of Engineers is an important tool for the whole Nation when it comes to dealing with prepreparedness and assessing how we can do better in natural disasters. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk; it is number 35 on the roster. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR for shep herding this legislation to floor and for their commitment to preserving America’s great natural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. My amendment speaks to the need for robust funding for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers ‘‘Investigations’’ account by redirecting $3 million for increased funding for postdisaster watershed assessment studies, like the one that is being contemplated for the Houston/Harris County metropolitan area. As the federal agency that collects and studies basic information pertaining to river and harbor, flood and storm damage reduction, shore protection, aquatic ecosystem restoration, and conducts detailed studies, plans, and specifications for river and harbor, and flood and storm damage reduction, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers plays a critical role in the building, maintaining, and expanding the most critical of the nation’s infrastructure. We understand this very well in my home state of Texas and the Eighteenth Congressional District that I represent. The Army Corps of Engineers has been working with the Harris County Flood Control District since 1937 to reduce the risk of flooding within Harris County. Current projects include 6 federal flood risk management projects: 1. Sims Bayou 2. Greens Bayou 3. Brays Bayou 4. White Oak Bayou 5. Hunting Bayou, and 6. Clear Creek In addition to these ongoing projects, the Army Corps of Engineers operates and maintains the Addicks and Barker (A&B) Detention Dams in northwest Harris County. Mr. Chair, I am pleased that the bill provides that the Secretary of the Army may initiate up to six new study starts during fiscal year 2018, and that five of those studies are to consist studies where the majority of the benefits are derived from flood and storm damage reduction or from navigation transportation savings. I am optimistic that one of those new study starts will be the Houston Regional Watershed Assessment Flood Risk Management Feasibility study. Such a study is certainly needed given the frequency and severity of historiclevel flood events in recent years in and around the Houston metropolitan area. On April 15, 2016, an estimated 240 billion gallons of water fell in the Houston area over a 12 hour period, which resulted in several areas exceeding the 100 to 500 year flood event record. Some of the areas that experienced these historic rain falls were west of I–45, north of I– 10, and Greens Bayou. Additionally, an estimated 140 billion gallons of water fell over the Cypress Creek, Spring Creek, and Addicks watershed in just 14 hours. The purpose of the Houston Regional Watershed Assessment is to identify risk reduction measures and optimize performance from a multiobjective systems performance perspective of the regional network of nested and intermingled watersheds, reservoir dams, flood flow conveyance channels, storm water detention basins, and related Flood Risk Management (FRM) infrastructure. Special emphasis of the study, which covers 22 primary watersheds within Harris County’s 1,735 square miles, will be placed on extreme flood events that exceed the system capacity resulting in impacts to asset conditions/functions and loss of life. Mr. Chair, during the May 2015 Houston flood, 3,015 homes were flooded and 8 persons died; during the April 2016 Houston flood, 5,400 homes were flooded and 8 deaths recorded. The economic damage caused by the 2015 Houston flood is estimated at $3 billion; the 2016 estimate is being compiled and is estimated to be well above $2 billion. Mr. Chair, minimizing the risk of flood damage to the Houston and Harris County metropolitan area, the nation’s 4th largest, is a matter of national significance because the region is one of the nation’s major technology, energy, finance, export and medical centers: 1. The Port of Houston is the largest bulk port in the world; 2. Texas Medical Center is a world renowned teaching, research and treatment center; 3. Houston is home to the largest conglomeration of foreign bank representation and second only to New York City as home to the most Fortune 500 companies; and 4. The Houston Watershed Assessment study area sits within major Hurricane Evacuation arteries for the larger Galveston Gulf Coast region. 
The Jackson Lee Amendment No. 35 is particularly important in light of the devastation of Hurricane Harvey and its aftermath. At its peak on September 1, 2017, onethird of Houston was underwater due to Hurricane Harvey flooding. There was over 41,500 square miles of land mass impacted by Hurricane Harvey and the subsequent flooding that covered an area larger than the States of Connecticut, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island and Vermont combined. Hurricane Harvey dropped 21 trillion gallons of rainfall on Texas and Louisiana, most of it on the Houston Metroplex. In September 2017, NASA’s Jet Propulsion Laboratory reported that Hurricane Harvey’s rainfall created 275 trillion pounds of water, which caused the crust in and around Houston to deform and sink nearly 1 inch because of the weight. Over 300,000 structures flooded in southeastern Texas, where extreme rainfall hit many areas that are densely populated. Hurricane Harvey is the largest housing disaster to strike the U.S. in our nation’s history. Hurricane Harvey damaged 203,000 homes, of which 12,700 were destroyed. Texas flood control districts are still struggling to recover from this record breaking flood event. Nineteen trillion gallons of flood waters poured into the Houston Ship Channel from area rivers and bayous on the way to the Gulf of Mexico. As a consequence, tens of millions of tons of sediment and debris flowed through the biggest waterway in the nation. Today, the Port of Houston is operating with draft restrictions that may last a year or longer. Draft restrictions are adding costs to oil and gas and Petrochemical operations, which are passed on to wholesalers, who pass these costs to consumers at the pump. The Port of Houston produces 27 percent of the nation’s gasoline and about 60 percent of the U.S. aviation fuel. Investments in all aspects of our nation’s water infrastructure pays dividends in the form of economic activity. The Houston Ship Channel generates $617 billion in the U.S. with $265 billion of that in Texas representing 16 percent of the state of Texas’s GDP. The Port of Houston sustains 2.7 million jobs nationally with 1.2 million of them within the state of Texas. I ask my colleagues to join me and support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 35. I thank Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member KAPTUR for their work in shepherding this bill to the floor. I am asking my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition, though I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First, let me assure my colleague that I understand her interest in addressing flood risks in her district. In fact, the Appropriations Committee has worked very hard to prioritize these activities, including significant funding in the supplemental bill earlier this year, in the fiscal year 2018 appropriations act, and this fiscal year 2019 bill before us today. Since the amendment does not change funding levels within the bill, I will not oppose the amendment, and I encourage my colleagues to support it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. First of all, let me thank the chairman of the committee for what has been ongoing support of our efforts. And I hope he sees that these are efforts for across the Nation as well. To be clear, I am glad that we do not alter the account but we redirect and focus moneys on this important investigatory area. I thank him for his support. I would be happy to yield to the ranking member, who, likewise, has helped me over the years to address this question of flooding. But I want to make the point that what we saw in the last hurricane season is that it reaches across the Gulf region, including the U.S. Virgin Islands and, of course, Puerto Rico. I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), the distinguished ranking member. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I just wanted to thank Congresswoman JACKSONLEEfor yielding and for the incredible work she does representing the Gulf region in its fullness. I understand, through her and through my own studies, the damage done by Hurricane Harvey and the need for studies such as these to advance flood control projects to mitigate future damage. I think she has been such an articulate spokeswoman, reminding us that times are changing and we have to pay attention to coastal communities. I have to also mention that there are funds in the supplemental bill we passed earlier this year for purposes such as these, and we have plussed up the Army Corps budget in this particular bill. So I think that will serve Texas very well. And the gentlewoman mentioned the Virgin Islands and Puerto Rico. We are all deeply concerned. So I thank my colleague for offering this amendment. I thank her for her great leadership and urge all of our colleagues to support her amendment. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Let me take this moment again to acknowledge the funds that have been put into this bill that focuses on what we experienced in the last year. And I would indicate that the investigatory account, which will see this focus, is important. The dollars that we have received from this Congress I do appreciate. And the final word I would say in closing is that we work and hope to work with the administration for those funds to get to the local jurisdictions. We are right in the middle of trying to get those dollars down from Washington into our local jurisdictions. With that, I thank the manager and the chairman and the manager who is ranking member again and ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 36 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 36 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. None of the funds made available by this Act for ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Science’’ may be used in contravention of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.). 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, this is an educational amendment, if you will. It is to emphasize the importance of the Department of Energy’s program that deals with the emphasizing of educating minority students across America with STEM. Now we have moved and advanced to STEAM. That includes arts. But the Office of Minority Impact that is in the DOE has as its major focus—and we are still behind in the numbers—to ramp up the numbers of men and women and minorities in the STEM effort. Women and minorities make up 70 percent of college students but only 45 percent of undergraduate STEM degree holders. If we are to be a 21st century and 22nd century country—and as I was sitting in some meetings today—competing with countries on the question of cybersecurity—I know that we are in the Energy and Water approps, but if we are to reach beyond the boundaries of research that help in energy and water, I think it is important that we continue to try and do outreach to increase the numbers of women and minorities to go into the STEM fields. The energy and science education programs funded in part by this bill 
will help ensure that members of underrepresented communities are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to the environmental sustainability, preservation, and health. The larger point is that we need more STEM educators and more minorities to qualify for those positions. Mr. Chairman, there are still a great many scientific riddles left to be solved, and perhaps one of these days a minority engineer or biologist will add to the others and will come up with some of the major solutions in our time. I would offer to say that education efforts with teachers and students under this program are extremely important because the students of today, teachers who are teaching the students of today, are the scientists and problemsolvers of tomorrow. So I again want to emphasize to my fellow Texan, Secretary Perry, who is Secretary of the Department of Energy, to focus and to grow the department that deals with educating young people in the science, technology, engineering, and math. We are waiting for them. We need them, and the Nation needs them. I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I conclude by saying: Let’s provide more opportunity for these students. I want to emphasize the Energy Institute High School in Houston and, as well, to cite high schools across the Nation that are working to provide these students with this kind of training. And I hope these dollars will help them do so. I ask for the support of my amendment. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk, No. 36. I want to thank Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member KAPTUR for shepherding this legislation to the floor and for it commitment to preserving America’s great natural environment and resources so that they can serve and be enjoyed by generations to come. Jackson Lee Amendment No. 36 simply provides that: ‘‘None of the funds made available by this Act for ‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Science’ may be used in contravention of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7101 et seq.).’’ This amendment was approved and adopted in identical form on April 29, 2015, during the 114th Congress as an amendment to H.R. 2028, the Energy and Water Resources Appropriations Act of 2016 and on July 7, 2017, during this Congress as an amendment to H.R. 3219, the Energy and Water Resources Appropriations Act of 2018. Mr. Chair, twenty years ago, on February 11, 1994, President Clinton issued Executive Order 12898, directing federal agencies to identify and address the disproportionately high and adverse human health or environmental effects of their actions on minority and lowincome populations. The Department of Energy seeks to provide equal access in these opportunities for underrepresented groups in STEM, including minorities, Native Americans, and women. Mr. Chair, women and minorities make up 70 percent of college students, but only 45 percent of undergraduate STEM degree holders. This large pool of untapped talent is a great potential source of STEM professionals. As the nation’s demographics are shifting and now most children under the age of one are minorities, it is critical that we close the gap in the number of minorities who seek STEM opportunities. I encourage Energy Secretary Perry to surpass the commitment of his predecessors’ toward increasing the nation’s economic competitiveness and enabling more of our people to realize their full potential. Mr. Chair, there are still a great many scientific riddles left to be solved—and perhaps one of these days a minority engineer or biologist will comeup with some of the solutions. The larger point is that we need more STEM educators and more minorities to qualify for them. The energy and science education programs funded in part by this bill will help ensure that members of underrepresented communities are not placed at a disadvantage when it comes to the environmental sustainability, preservation, and health. Through education about the importance of environmental sustainability, we can promote a broader understanding of science and how citizens can improve their surroundings. Through community education efforts, teachers and students have also benefitted by learning about radiation, radioactive waste management, and other related subjects. The Department of Energy places interns and volunteers from minority institutions into energy efficiency and renewable energy programs. The DOE also works to increase low income and minority access to STEM fields and help students attain graduate degrees as well as find employment. With the continuation of this kind of funding, we can increase diversity, provide clean energy options to our most underserved communities, and help improve their environments, which will yield better health outcomes and greater public awareness. But most importantly businesses will have more consumers to whom they may engage in related commercial activities. My amendment will help ensure that underrepresented communities are able to participate and contribute equitably in the energy and scientific future. I ask my colleagues to join me and support Jackson Lee Amendment No. 36. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 37 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. 
AMENDMENT NO . 38 OFFERED BY MR . DESANTIS  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 38 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. l. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to purchase heavy water from Iran. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Florida. Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Chairman, this amendment is a simple limitation amendment. No funds made available by this act may be used to purchase heavy water from the Islamic Republic of Iran. Why are we doing this? Iran is the world’s leading state sponsor of terrorism, fomenting discord all across the Middle East, funding Hamas in the Gaza Strip and Hezbollah in Lebanon while supporting the Houthis in Yemen. Iran provided deadly, militarygrade explosives to militias in Iraq, killing hundreds of American servicemembers during Operation Iraqi Freedom. Iran has never been held accountable for that. They still have major control over portions of Iraq, and the Shiite militias they back are running rampant. Furthermore, we know that Iran is working to be the key outside player in Syria in an effort to expand control from the Persian Gulf to the Mediterranean Sea. As you know, the JCPOA was effectively an Obama executive agreement, never ratified by Congress or enacted into law. It was sold using lies and propaganda, and it provided Iran with an economic lifeline. It provided Iran with $150 billion in sanctions relief and even airlifted $1.7 billion in cold, hard cash to Tehran. Just yesterday, we learned that the Obama administration secretly granted a license authorizing the conversion of Iranian assets worth billions of U.S. dollars using the U.S. financial system despite repeated assurances to the public and Congress that Iran would not be granted access to the U.S. financial system. The Obama administration continually offered gratuitous concessions to Iran that went beyond even the unilateral concessions contained in the Iran deal. And that is where this heavy water limitation amendment comes in. The Obama administration was using tax dollars to purchase heavy water from Iran. That is money over and above what the Iran deal provided. And that damage has been significant. Now, President Trump has withdrawn the U.S. from the JCPOA. My amendment, though, is simple. We just should not use tax dollars to subsidize Iran’s nuclear activities through the purchase of heavy water. I don’t think the President would want to do that, but I think it is important that we continue with this in 
law, which we have had now for over a year. I think it will ensure that the mistakes of the past are not repeated. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Ohio is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. KAPTUR. I rise in opposition to the gentleman’s amendment, though I think he intends it well. I want to inform him that the Department of Energy has said it does not have plans to purchase additional heavy water from Iran. So I think this amendment is really irrelevant. Frankly, I would rather that the United States take whatever Iran has rather than letting them sell it to Russia or somebody else. But the Department of Energy has clearly said they don’t have plans to purchase additional heavy water from Iran. And so the gentleman’s amendment is unnecessary, and I urge my colleagues to oppose it. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DESANTIS. Mr. Chairman, I am prepared to close. I just urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the amendment. It has been in law before. We have passed it out of this House 2 years in a row. We should do it again. I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DESANTIS ). The amendment was agreed to. b2030 
AMENDMENT NO . 39 OFFERED BY MR . NORMAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 39 printed in part B of House Report 115–711. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of division A (before the short title), insert the following: SEC. ll. The total amount of appropriations made available by this Act is hereby reduced by $1,500,000,000. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 918, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Chairman, with the passage of the bipartisan budget agreement back in February, Congress essentially gave themselves a blank check to spend billions and billions more of taxpayers’ dollars over the next two fiscal years. Our national debt stands at over $21 trillion and we decided to spend more. How does that make any sense? People back home continuously ask me why our government keeps spending and spending. You know what I tell them? I have no idea. I have no idea why Members of Congress willingly go along with this abysmal continued spending. I have no idea why we would cut taxes for millions of Americans, grow our economy exponentially, and then decide to spend more. If anything, now is the time to get spending under control. Now is the time to rein in reckless spending habits. My amendment should not even be controversial. It simply cuts spending back to what they were last year. $1.5 billion is a drop in the bucket compared to our national debt. We need to start somewhere. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I claim time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR (Ms. TENNEY ). The gentleman from Idaho is recognized for 5 minutes. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I rise in opposition to this amendment. While I agree with my colleague that we need to be finding savings where possible, this amendment is not the approach that I can support. The bill in its current form takes a balanced approach to meet a number of needs, not just wants or wishes or anything else, but actual needs. The bill prioritizes funding for national security and critical infrastructure and reduces funding for certain activities that did not need sustained funding at prior year levels to accomplish their mission in fiscal year 2019. These tradeoffs were carefully weighed for their respective impacts, and the increases proposed are responsible and, in some cases, are absolutely essential. Approximately half of the funding in this bill is for national defense activities. This bill includes $15.3 billion for the Department of Energy’s nuclear weapons security program which provides funding to maintain our Nation’s nuclear weapons stockpile and for the Navy’s nuclear propulsion programs that supports our Navy’s fleet of submarines and aircraft carriers and for nonproliferation activities that are reducing global nuclear threats. In February, the administration released a Nuclear Posture Review that described a sobering view of the current global nuclear threat situation. Russia is modernizing its full range of nuclear systems. China is modernizing and expanding its already considerable nuclear forces, pursuing entirely new capabilities. North Korea’s nuclear provocations threaten regional and global peace. Iran’s nuclear ambitions remain an unresolved concern. Global nuclear terrorism remains a tangible threat. This amendment would slash funding for the activities in this bill that are an integral part of the United States’ national security strategy to address these nuclear threats. For that and many other reasons, I would oppose the gentleman’s amendment and suggest that maybe we ought to look at what is causing the debt to go up, and that is the mandatory spending and not the discretionary spending that we have. I would urge my colleagues to vote against the amendment. Madam Chair, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chairwoman, I thank the gentleman for yielding me the time. I just wanted to say, the gentleman who is offering this amendment, I oppose the amendment, and you and I view the world very differently. I view the Government of the United States as a bulwark for social and economic stability in this country. If I look at why we have a deficit going back, one of the reasons is oil wars. This department is one of the most important departments in the country to lead us to energy independence as a country. I don’t think we should do what you are asking us to do here. If we look at our trade deficit, we haven’t had balanced trade accounts since the mid1970s. Adding trillions of dollars to our trade deficit every year is making it harder to fund Social Security and Medicare, programs that are essential to social stability in this country. If we look at the 2008 crash and the trillions of dollars that cost us as a country, nobody on Wall Street went to jail. It is interesting to me where people want to pick away, pick away, pick away when you look at the big money, the moneys for war, the money for paying for imported goods as opposed to producing here at home, the causes of what happened in 2008, and there was no justice that was given to the Republic. So, to me, energy independence is critical, if you look at the trillions we have added to the deficit because of war. So we look at the country through different ends of the telescope, I think, and I urge my colleagues to oppose this amendment. I really think the result of your amendment will be less investment in the Republic, less investment in water resource infrastructure and energy development, and less investments that create good jobs and have substantial returns on investments such as modernizing our ports and all of the infrastructure that helps us to achieve social and economic stability in this country, which isn’t easy to do. So I thank my colleagues for listening, and I would urge opposition to this amendment. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the noes appeared to have it. Mr. NORMAN. Madam Chair, I demand a recorded vote. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to clause 6 of rule XVIII, further proceedings on the amendment offered by the gentleman from South Carolina will be postponed. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas) having assumed the chair, Ms. TENNEY , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material in the consideration of H.R. 5895, and that I may include tabular material on the same. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Idaho? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 923 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5895. Will the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ) kindly resume the chair. b2039 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Ms. TENNEY (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today pursuant to House Resolution 918, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 39 printed in part B of House Report 115–711 offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN) had been postponed. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the further amendment printed in part A of House Report 115–712 shall be considered as adopted. The text of the further amendment printed in part A of House Report 115– 712 is as follows: 
Page 165, after line 14, insert the following: SEC. 239. For an additional amount for the Department of Veterans Affairs, $1,138,000,000 for the programs and activities authorized in the VA MISSION Act of 2018 and the amendments made by such Act, which shall be in addition to amounts otherwise made available in this Act for such purpose, of which— (1) $600,000,000 shall become available for the Veterans Community Care Program under section 1703 of title 38, United States Code, as amended by the VA MISSION Act of 2018, on the effective date specified in section 101(b) of such Act; and (2) $253,000,000 shall be available for the Family Caregivers Program under section 1720G of title 38, United States Code, as amended by such Act: Provided, That amounts made available under this section shall remain available until September 30, 2020. The Acting CHAIR. No further amendment to the bill, as amended, shall be in order except those printed in part B of the report and available pro forma amendments described in section 4 of House Resolution 918. Each further amendment printed in part B of the report shall be considered only in the order printed in the report, may be offered only by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered as read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, may be withdrawn by the proponent at any time before action thereon, shall not be subject to amendment except amendments described in section 4 of House Resolution 918, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . NOLAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–712. Mr. NOLAN. Madam Chair, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Page 5, line 13, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(increased by $1,000,000)’’. Page 7, line 16, after the dollar amount, insert ‘‘(reduced by $1,030,000)’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 923, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. Mr. NOLAN. Madam Chair, I would like to begin by thanking Chairman SIMPSON and Ranking Member K APTUR . I wish the whole country could be here to watch how hard you have worked, not just tonight, but throughout the year to bring this important legislation before us. It would give them great hope and faith in the process, and I commend both of you, your committee members, and your staff for the work that you are doing here. Madam Chair, I will be brief. My amendment would add $1 million to the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers’ aquatic nuisance control program. In effect, it would double the annual funding to $2 million for the important and critical research that is needed to combat some 1,500 terribly destructive invasive species in our lakes and waterways, including six new invasive species of foreign zooplankton that were just discovered in Lake Superior. I am not sure where it came from and what kind of damage it will do. A little quick history here: I am only going to take a couple of minutes. My amendment to the 2014 water resources bill added fish and other aquatic creatures to the official definition of invasive species, a definition that had been previously reserved only to plants. So that opened the door for us to have a way to combat these aquatic species. And in so doing, the Congress gave the Army Corps the authority to do the research to eradicate invasive species like Asian carp, zebra mussels, and so many hundreds of others that are causing so much damage to sport and commercial fishing, to shipping, navigation, and to harbor maintenance. The aquatic nuisance control program is supposed to be leading the way with cuttingedge research, and it is doing a good job. But the fact is, it is terribly underfunded, leaving little resources to address the influx of the aquatic species. As a result, the aquatic invasives like zebra mussels have infested more than 130 lakes in my own State and thousands of lakes across the country. To give you an idea of how fast these zebra mussels, for example, spread, a female zebra mussel can produce a half a million offspring each year. And the simple truth is, the zebra mussels are just choking off all kinds of snails and clam and other native fishes—even bird species. In fact, they killed over 10,000 loons in Lake Erie alone because they ate something that had zebra mussels in them, and the zebra mussels had a botulism that killed 10,000 loons. That is how devastating these things can be. b2045 For outdoor recreation, our people are getting their feet cut and getting all kinds of injuries by stepping on these zebra mussels. Thousands of good jobs and slowdowns of our economy are caused, delaying ships as they are painstakingly having to remove these zebra mussels. They are just one of more than 1,500 invasive species. So I urge my colleagues to approve this amendment so the Army Corps can get to work cleaning up our lakes and waterways and putting an end to the invasive species that are causing so much costly damage and destruction to our lakes and waterways. Madam Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ). Ms. KAPTUR. Madam Chair, I thank the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ) for yielding me the time. Talk about working hard, you are here at 9 o’clock in Washington and the day started very early. I thank the gentleman for being here and defending the Great Lakes. I support his amendment. I personally represent about 200 miles of Lake Erie’s 
coast, the shallowest and most abundant of the Great Lakes. We know what zebra mussels are and quagga mussels. We also know about aquatic plants like phragmites that are just invading and causing all kinds of problems along our shores. The Aquatic Nuisance Species Research Program works on other species in other parts of the country, so I thank the gentleman for being a champion of the Great Lakes and a champion of so many important causes. We know that in our Great Lakes we have about a $6 billion fishery that we are trying to protect, but these quagga and zebra mussels are spreading rapidly. The gentleman is right. It is just an explosion. There is no other way to explain it. They came in in ballast water. We tried to adopt ballast water regulations so it has to be dumped when it is further up the Saint Lawrence Seaway before those ships come down. It didn’t happen, so now we have this to contend with. We are trying to keep these invasive species out of our lakes. We are threatened by the Asian carp. We are trying to fish those out temporarily while we try to find a more genetically impactful solution. I want to thank the gentleman for transferring $1 million from the Corps’ operation and maintenance account to increase the Corps’ Aquatic Nuisance Species Research Program. I commend the gentleman for that and thank him for working so late into the night. Your constituents are lucky Congressman NOLAN is here. Mr. NOLAN. Madam Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ). The amendment was agreed to. Mr. SIMPSON. Madam Chair, I move that the Committee do now rise. The motion was agreed to. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. WEBER of Texas) having assumed the chair, Ms. TENNEY , Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, had come to no resolution thereon. 
SPENDING CUTS TO EXPIRED AND UNNECESSARY PROGRAMS ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on passage of the bill (H.R. 3) to rescind certain budget authority proposed to be rescinded in special messages transmitted to the Congress by the President on May 8, 2018, in accordance with title X of the Congressional Budget and Impoundment Control Act 1974, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 210, nays 206, not voting 11, as follows: [Roll No. 243] YEAS—210 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bustos Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Fitzpatrick Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Mast Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Rothfus RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Stefanik Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth Yoder NOT VOTING—11 
Beatty Carbajal Noem Palazzo Polis Sewell (AL) Shimkus Shuster Vargas Walters, Mimi Walz 
b2117 Messrs. LANCE, SCHNEIDER, CROWLEY, PAYNE, and DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mrs. HANDEL, Messrs. CRAMER and YOUNG of Alaska changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ENERGY AND WATER DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia). Pursuant to House Resolution 918 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill, H.R. 5895. Will the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN ) kindly take the chair. 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, with Mr. NORMAN (Acting Chair) in the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The Acting CHAIR. When the Committee of the Whole rose earlier today pursuant to House Resolution 918, a request for a recorded vote on amendment No. 39 printed in part B of House Report 115–711 offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN) had been postponed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 49 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, June 8, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
5053. A letter from the Under Secretary, Acquisition and Sustainment, Department of Defense, transmitting a certification regarding the Integrated Defensive Electronic Countermeasures Program, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 2433a(b); Public Law 11123, Sec. 206(a)(1) (as amended by Public Law 111383, Sec. 1075(b)(35)); (124 Stat. 4371); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5054. A letter from the Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness, Department of Defense, transmitting the 2018 Report to Congress on Sustainable Ranges, pursuant to 10 U.S.C. 113 note; Public Law 107314, 366(a)(5); (116 Stat. 2522); to the Committee on Armed Services. 5055. A letter from the Assistant Secretary for Legislative Affairs, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s annual report on material violations or suspected material violations of regulations relating to Treasury auctions and other Treasury securities offerings during the period January 1, 2017, through December 31, 2017, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 3121 note; Public Law 103202, Sec. 202(d)(1); (107 Stat. 2358); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5056. A letter from the Senior Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Qualified Financial Contracts Recordkeeping Related to Orderly Liquidation Authority (RIN: 1505AC57) received May 31, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 5057. A letter from the Chair of the Board and Director, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s FY 2017 actuarial evaluation of the expected operations and status of the PBGC funds, pursuant to 29 U.S.C. 1308; Public Law 93406, Sec. 4008 (as amended by Public Law 109280, Sec. 412); (120 Stat. 936); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5058. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Benefits Payable in Terminated SingleEmployer Plans; Interest Assumptions for Paying Benefits received June 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. 5059. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Office of Electricity, Department of Energy, transmitting the Department’s 2017 report titled ‘‘Economic Dispatch and Technological Change’’, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 16432(c); Public Law 10958, Sec. 1234(c); (119 Stat. 960) and 42 U.S.C. 16524(c); Public Law 10958, Sec. 1832(c); (119 Stat. 1138); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5060. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s delegation of authority — Delegation of Authority to the States of Iowa; Kansas; Missouri; Nebraska; LincolnLancaster County, NE; and City of Omaha, NE, for New Source Performance Standards (NSPS), National Emission Standards for Hazardous Air Pollutants (NESHAP) Including Maximum Achievable Control Technology (MACT) Standards [EPAR07OAR20180021; FRL 997880Region 7] received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5061. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Defensin Proteins Derived from Spinach in Citrus Plants; Temporary Exemption from the Requirement of a Tolerance [EPAHQOPP20180040; FRL997762] received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5062. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval of California Air Plan Revisions; Butte County Air Quality Management District; Stationary Source Permits [EPAR09OAR20180120; FRL9978 18Region 9] received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5063. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Virginia; Emissions Statement Rule Certification for the 2008 Ozone National Ambient Air Quality Standard [EPAR03OAR2017 0738; FRL997857Region 3] received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5064. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Approval and Promulgation of Air Quality Implementation Plans; Maryland; Continuous Opacity Monitoring Requirements for Municipal Waste Combustors [EPAR03OAR20170484; FRL997856Region 3] received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5065. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; New Hampshire; Nonattainment Plan for the Central New Hampshire Sulfur Dioxide Nonattainment Area [EPAR01OAR20170083; FRL997827Region 1] received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5066. A letter from the Director, Regulatory Management Division, Environmental Protection Agency, transmitting the Agency’s final rule — Air Plan Approval; Michigan; Regional Haze Progress Report [EPA R05OAR20160058; FRL997861Region 5] received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5067. A letter from the Director, Office of Congressional Affairs, Office of Nuclear Material Safety Safeguards, Nuclear Regulatory Commission, transmitting the Commission’s NUREG revision — Consolidated Guidance About Materials Licenses: ProgramSpecific Guidance About Academic, Research and Development, and Other Licenses of Limited Scope, Including Electron Capture Devices and XRay Fluorescence Analyzers [NUREG 1556, Volume 7, Revision 1] received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 5068. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a six month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Iran that was declared in Executive Order 12170 of November 14, 1979, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5069. A letter from the Acting Director, International Cooperation, Acquisition and Sustainment, Office of the Under Secretary, Department of Defense, transmitting Transmittal No. 0718, informing of the Department’s intent to sign a Project Arrangement between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the Department of Defence of the Commonwealth of Australia, pursuant to Sec. 27(f) of the Arms Export Control Act, and Executive Order 13637; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5070. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Service of Process; Production or Disclosure of Official Information in Response to Court Orders, Subpoenas, Notices of Depositions, Requests for Admissions, Interrogatories, or Similar Requests or Demands in Connection With Federal or State Litigation; Expert Testimony [Public Notice 10248] (RIN: 1400 AE49) received May 31, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 5071. A letter from the Deputy White House Liaison, Department of Education, transmitting a notification of a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5072. A letter from the Secretary, Department of Education, transmitting the Department’s 58th Semiannual Report to Congress on Audit Followup, covering the sixmonth period ending March 31, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act, as amended; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5073. A letter from the Acting Secretary, Department of Veterans Affairs, transmitting the Department’s Office of Inspector General Semiannual Report to the Congress for the reporting period October 1, 2017, through March 31, 2018, Pursuant to Sec. 5 of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5074. A letter from the Chairman, Securities and Exchange Commission, transmitting 
the Commission’s semiannual report of the Inspector General for the period October 1, 2017, through March 31, 2018, and Management Report, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5075. A letter from the Administrator, U.S. Agency for International Development, transmitting the Agency’s semiannual report of the Inspector General for the period October 1, 2017, through March 31, 2018, pursuant to Sec. 5(b) of the Inspector General Act of 1978; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5076. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Communications and Legislative Affairs, U.S. Equal Employment Opportunity Commission, transmitting the Commission’s Annual Sunshine Act Report for 2017, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 552b(j); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 5077. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Affairs, NMFS, International Affairs and Seafood Inspection, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act; Lifting the Stay on Inclusion of Shrimp and Abalone in the Seafood Traceability Program [Docket No.: 180417378837901] (RIN: 0648BH89) received June 1, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 5078. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Department of Justice, transmitting a report providing an FY 2019 Estimate for the Free Clinic Program, pursuant to 42 U.S.C. 233(o)(6)(C); July 1, 1944, ch. 373, title II, Sec. 224(o)(6)(C) (as added by Public Law 104191, Sec. 194); (110 Stat. 1988); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 5079. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, Office of Regulations and Administrative Law, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Bath Creek, Bath, NC [Docket Number: USCG20180416] (RIN: 1625AA00) received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5080. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River, St. Louis, MO [Docket Number: USCG20180430] (RIN: 1625AA00) received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5081. A letter from the Attorney Advisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Ohio River, Metropolis, IL [Docket Number: USCG20180077] (RIN: 1625AA00) received May 30, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 5082. A letter from the Chairman, Advisory Committee for Trade Policy and Negotiations, transmitting the Committee’s report to the Congress on the Extension of Trade Promotion Authority, pursuant to 19 U.S.C. 4202(c)(3)(A); Public Law 11426, Sec. 103(c)(3)(A); (129 Stat. 336); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6026. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to clarify the prohibitions on making robocalls, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CASTRO of Texas (for himself, Mr. RUIZ, Mr. P EARCE , Ms. G ABBARD , and Mrs. WALORSKI ): H.R. 6027. A bill to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to provide a process by which a family member of a deceased individual who is eligible for the Department of Veterans Affairs burn pit registry may register for such registry on behalf of the deceased individual; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. GARAMENDI (for himself and Mr. DONOVAN ): H.R. 6028. A bill to amend title 49, United States Code, to require air carriers to disclose the date and location of the most recent aircraft maintenance; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 6029. A bill to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to reauthorize the comprehensive opioid abuse grant program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 6030. A bill to allow tribal grant schools to participate in the Federal Employee Health Benefits program; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. NOEM (for herself, Mr. CRIST, Mr. FLORES , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Mr. P OLIQUIN , Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. G ROTHMAN , Mr. R ODNEYDAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. S MITH of Missouri): H.R. 6031. A bill to require a study of the wellbeing of the newsprint and publishing industry in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LATTA (for himself and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 6032. A bill to direct the Secretary of Commerce to conduct a study and submit to Congress a report on the state of the internetconnected devices industry in the United States; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LOWENTHAL (for himself, Mr. BEYER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. CARTWRIGHT , Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. COHEN , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. C RIST, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. D EGETTE , Ms. DELBENE, Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. DEUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. HECK, Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. HIMES, Ms. N ORTON , Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. KHANNA , Mr. K ILMER , Ms. LEE, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S EANPATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CGOVERN , Mr. MOULTON , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. PETERS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. R ASKIN , Miss RICEof New York, Mr. R USH, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHIFF , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Ms. S HEAPORTER, Mr. S HERMAN , Ms. S INEMA , Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Mr. SOTO, Ms. S PEIER , Mr. TAKANO , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. T ONKO , Ms. TSONGAS , and Mr. Y ARMUTH ): H.R. 6033. A bill to establish in the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the Department of State a Special Envoy for the Human Rights of LGBTI Peoples, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa (for himself, Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. R OSKAM , and Mr. SHERMAN ): H.R. 6034. A bill to require the Secretary of State to submit annual reports reviewing the educational material used by the Palestinian Authority or the United Nations Relief and Works Agency for Palestine Refugees in the Near East in the West Bank and Gaza, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 6035. A bill to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to revise section 230.163 of title 17, Code of Federal Regulations, to apply the exemption offered in such section to communications made by underwriters and dealers acting by or on behalf of a wellknown seasoned issuer; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana (for himself and Mr. BARLETTA ): H.R. 6036. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965, to add a workstudy program for offcampus community service at selected afterschool activities, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 6037. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal certain rules related to the determination of unrelated business taxable income; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6038. A bill to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Dickinson Reservoir in the State of North Dakota; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6039. A bill to establish a procedure for the conveyance of certain Federal property around the Jamestown Reservoir in the State of North Dakota, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. DESAULNIER (for himself, Mr. MCNERNEY , and Mr. T HOMPSON of California): H.R. 6040. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to convey certain land and facilities of the Central Valley Project; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GIANFORTE: H.R. 6041. A bill to designate a mountain ridge in the State of Montana as ‘‘B47 Ridge’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 6042. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to delay the reduction in Federal medical assistance percentage for Medicaid personal care services furnished without an electronic visit verification system, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio (for himself, Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. POLIS, Mr. B UCK, Ms. L EE, Mr. JONES , Ms. D EGETTE , Mr. B LUM, 
Mr. C OHEN , Mr. G AETZ , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. MCCLINTOCK , Mr. C ORREA , Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota, and Mr. KHANNA ): H.R. 6043. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act to provide for a new rule regarding the application of the Act to marihuana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. TED LIEU of California (for himself, Mr. JORDAN , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, and Ms. DELBENE): H.R. 6044. A bill to preempt State data security vulnerability mandates and decryption requirements; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6045. A bill to amend Public Law 87 788 (commonly known as the McIntireStennis Cooperative Forestry Act; 16 U.S.C. 582a 7) to provide for equal treatment of the District of Columbia with respect to funds made available under that Act; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. SWALWELL of California (for himself, Mr. COHEN , Mr. T EDLIEUof California, Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. N ORTON, Mr. R YANof Ohio, Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. S PEIER , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 6046. A bill to require candidates for election for public office to notify the Federal Bureau of Investigation upon receiving unsolicited information about other candidates in the election from a foreign power or an agent of a foreign power, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 6047. A bill to amend the Controlled Substances Act relating to controlled substance analogues; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6048. A bill to require a study and report on matters concerning best practices in mortality counts as a result of a major disaster; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. KNIGHT (for himself and Mr. COOK): H. Con. Res. 122. Concurrent resolution commemorating the 75th Anniversary of Lockheed Martin Skunk Works and its significant contributions to the national security of the United States; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Ms. DELAURO (for herself, Ms. DEGETTE , Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Ms. NORTON , Ms. BONAMICI , Mr. N ADLER , Ms. S HEA PORTER , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Ms. R OYBALALLARD , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. E STY of Connecticut, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. LOFGREN , Mr. C ROWLEY , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. CORREA , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. KHANNA , Mr. V ELA, Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. LEE, Mr. C UMMINGS , Mr. S OTO, Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Ms. T ITUS, Mr. WELCH , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. TONKO , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. S MITH of Washington, Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. C ASTROof Texas, Mr. S IRES, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mrs. LAWRENCE , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. C RIST, Ms. MATSUI , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas, Mr. B EYER , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Mr. COURTNEY , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. H IMES, Mr. GALLEGO , Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. SPEIER , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. BASS, Mr. C LEAVER , Mr. K EATING , Ms. MOORE , Mr. C OHEN , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. DEUTCH , Mr. O’H ALLERAN , Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. PETERSON , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. B RADY  of Pennsylvania, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. NOLAN , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. KILDEE , Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mrs. TORRES , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. A L GREEN of Texas, Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. CLYBURN , Mr. H OYER , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. C A´RDENAS , Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. C ASTOR of Florida, Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Ms. M ENG, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Miss R ICEof New York, Mrs. LOWEY , Mr. A GUILAR , Ms. PINGREE , Mr. N EAL, Mr. M CNERNEY, Mr. C LAY, Mr. J EFFRIES , Mr. CONNOLLY , Mr. D EFAZIO, Mr. L AWSON  of Florida, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. B EN RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, Mr. S ARBANES , and Mr. K ILMER ): H. Res. 927. A resolution condemning the Trump administration’s zero tolerance policy; to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. PALLONE: H.R. 6026. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution. That provision gives Congress the power ‘‘to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. CASTRO of Texas: H.R. 6027. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: THE U.S. CONSTITUTION ARTICLE I, SECTION 8: POWERS OF CONGRESS CLAUSE 18 The Congress shall have power . . . To make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the government of the United States, or in any department or officer thereof. 
By Mr. GARAMENDI: H.R. 6028. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Aritcle I,Section 8 By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 6029. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defense and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. And, Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 6030. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mrs. NOEM: H.R. 6031. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. LATTA: H.R. 6032. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: Congress shall have the Power . . .’’ to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. LOWENTHAL: H.R. 6033. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3 of the U.S. Constitution ‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States; and nothing in this Constitution shall be so construed as to prejudice any claims of the United States, or of any particular state.’’ By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa: H.R. 6034. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 6035. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3, providing the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states. By Mr. CARSON of Indiana: H.R. 6036. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Clause 18 of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution. By Mr. CONAWAY: H.R. 6037. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6038. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in article IV section 3 clause 2 of the Constitution. By Mr. CRAMER: H.R. 6039. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is in article IV section 3 clause 2 of the Constitution. By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 6040. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. GIANFORTE: H.R. 6041. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8. By Mr. GUTHRIE: H.R. 6042. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. JOYCE of Ohio: H.R. 6043. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power * * * To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Office thereof. The constitutional authority on which this bill rests is the power of Congress to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TED LIEU of California: H.R. 6044. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section VIII, Clause III By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6045. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 18 of section 18 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. SWALWELL of California: H.R. 6046. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. THORNBERRY: H.R. 6047. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the Constitution—Congress has the power to provide for the general welfare of the United States By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6048 Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . .’’ ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 19: Miss G ONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 99: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 110: Ms. TITUS. H.R. 154: Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 172: Mr. BRAT. H.R. 237: Mr. POSEY , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. PETERS , and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 686: Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. H.R. 1114: Mr. RUSH and Mr. B RENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania. H.R. 1171: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey, Ms. JUDYCHUof California, and Mr. R USH. H.R. 1295: Mr. BEYER . H.R. 1298: Mr. GIBBS, Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. DENHAM , and Mr. A LLEN . H.R. 1310: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 1322: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 1419: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 1444: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 1447: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 1475: Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Ms. M ENG. H.R. 1511: Mr. CARBAJAL and Mr. B ACON . H.R. 1515: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 1562: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 1612: Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. CAPUANO , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Ms. L EE. H.R. 1651: Ms. TITUS, Mr. M CGOVERN , Ms. KAPTUR , and Ms. T SONGAS . H.R. 1661: Mr. PITTENGER . H.R. 1683: Ms. SEWELL of Alabama, Mr. MCEACHIN , and Mr. B ROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 1739: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 1784: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 1832: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 1874: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 1876: Mr. WESTERMAN , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , and Mr. B UCK. H.R. 2077: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 2092: Mr. FASO. H.R. 2134: Mr. LAMALFA . H.R. 2197: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 2276: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 2309: Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania and Ms. TITUS. H.R. 2355: Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 2380: Mr. KEATING . H.R. 2426: Mr. HECK. H.R. 2452: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 2556: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 2566: Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. M CNERNEY , Ms. LEE, and Mr. T AKANO . H.R. 2640: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. E NGEL , Mr. KILMER , and Mr. G OMEZ . H.R. 2651: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 2851: Mr. SESSIONS , Mr. Y OHO, Mr. R OE of Tennessee, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mrs. HARTZLER , Mr. C HABOT , Mr. B YRNE , Ms. MCSALLY , Mr. S UOZZI , and Mrs. C OMSTOCK . H.R. 2903: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 2965: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 2976: Mr. MCEACHIN . H.R. 3273: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 3305: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 3378: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 3528: Mr. BROOKS of Alabama. H.R. 3600: Mr. DAVIDSON . H.R. 3605: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 3625: Mr. BARR. H.R. 3671: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 3692: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts. H.R. 3730: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 3738: Mr. VELA. H.R. 3768: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 3861: Mr. SMUCKER . H.R. 4022: Mr. PRICE of North Carolina, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. K ILDEE , and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 4229: Mr. BUDD. H.R. 4256: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio and Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 4391: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 4699: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 4729: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 4732: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4815: Mr. RYANof Ohio. H.R. 4824: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 4841: Mr. SCHIFF and Mr. K ENNEDY . H.R. 4846: Mr. CLEAVER and Mr. N ORCROSS . H.R. 4953: Mr. BERGMAN . H.R. 4985: Mr. GALLEGO . H.R. 5058: Mrs. DINGELL . H.R. 5105: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 5153: Mrs. LESKO , Mr. H IGGINS of Lou isiana, and Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida. H.R. 5155: Ms. CASTOR of Florida. H.R. 5161: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 5176: Mr. FASO. H.R. 5197: Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. DONOVAN , Mr. S TIVERS , Ms. R OSLEHTINEN , Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER , Mr. B LUMENAUER , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. FASO. H.R. 5210: Mrs. WALORSKI . H.R. 5220: Mr. CULBERSON . H.R. 5233: Mr. WALBERG , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota, and Ms. P INGREE . H.R. 5248: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 5294: Mr. ROTHFUS . H.R. 5306: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey. H.R. 5327: Mr. COMER . H.R. 5337: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 5358: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Mr. S ESSIONS , and Mr. A BRAHAM . H.R. 5359: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. NORCROSS , and Mr. J EFFRIES . H.R. 5374: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 5384: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 5389: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5417: Mr. FORTENBERRY . H.R. 5457: Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 5460: Miss RICEof New York and Mr. KINGof New York. H.R. 5472: Mr. GAETZ and Mr. C LEAVER . H.R. 5477: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 5507: Mr. SHUSTER and Mr. R OKITA . H.R. 5551: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 5588: Mr. BACON and Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD . H.R. 5593: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 5606: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 5613: Mr. ESTES of Kansas. H.R. 5640: Mr. VALADAO . H.R. 5641: Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5644: Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 5671: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ and Mr. C OURT NEY. H.R. 5694: Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida and Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 5713: Mr. POEof Texas, Mr. D EFAZIO, and Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 5728: Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. MCCOLLUM , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, and Mrs. D INGELL . H.R. 5760: Mr. COOPER . H.R. 5780: Mr. PAULSEN . H.R. 5795: Mr. ROKITA , Mr. L EWIS of Geor gia, Mr. DEFAZIO, and Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 5800: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 5811: Mrs. BLACKBURN and Mr. W ALDEN. H.R. 5813: Mr. MARCHANT . H.R. 5819: Mrs. DEMINGS . H.R. 5831: Ms. TSONGAS . H.R. 5861: Mr. GAETZ , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee, and Mr. J OHNSON of Louisiana. H.R. 5884: Mr. DAVIDSON . H.R. 5899: Mr. KENNEDY , Mr. L IPINSKI , and Mr. GOMEZ . H.R. 5900: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 5912: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 5988: Mr. HUDSON , Mr. A LLEN , Mr. LATTA , Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. K ING of Iowa, and Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 6014: Mrs. DINGELL and Ms. M ICHELLE  LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 6015: Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 6016: Mr. DONOVAN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. CUMMINGS , and Mr. H UFFMAN . 
H.R. 6018: Mr. K INZINGER . H.J. Res. 33: Ms. BARRAGA ´Nand Mr. C ASTRO  of Texas. H.J. Res. 135: Mr. BILIRAKIS . H. Con. Res. 8: Ms. MCCOLLUM and Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H. Con. Res. 10: Mr. MARCHANT . H. Con. Res. 72: Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. FASO, and Mr. K INGof New York. H. Con. Res. 119: Mr. COLLINS of New York, Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia, Mr. M ARCHANT , Mr. GRAVES of Missouri, Mr. H OLDING , and Mr. WALBERG . H. Res. 15: Mr. GIANFORTE . H. Res. 31: Mr. CONNOLLY and Mr. O’ROURKE . H. Res. 136: Mr. SOTO. H. Res. 356: Mr. CROWLEY , Ms. J UDYCHUof California, and Ms. MENG. H. Res. 523: Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mr. C OHEN , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. D EFAZIO. H. Res. 763: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H. Res. 785: Mr. MCCAUL, Mr. K ELLY of Pennsylvania, Mr. CALVERT , and Mr. P AULSEN. H. Res. 888: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia, Mr. RICHMOND , Mr. P ALLONE , and Mr. TONKO . H. Res. 901: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia and Mr. GRIJALVA . H. Res. 913: Miss RICEof New York, Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mrs. N APOLITANO , and Mr. RASKIN . H. Res. 919: Mr. RATCLIFFE . H. Res. 926: Mr. RUSH. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3269 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, JUNE 7, 2018 No. 94 
The Senate met at 10 a.m. and was called to order by 