Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Thanet Natisri of Marion, Illinois, for his role in rescuing 12 young soccer players and their coach from a flooded cave in Thailand earlier this month. Thanet, a groundwater expert educated at SIU Carbondale, began doing charity work in his native country of Thailand 3 years ago. He was in Thailand assisting rural residents in fixing their water problems when he got the call from the Thai military. Within 3 hours, he was on a plane to go help divert rising water levels in the cave. The rescue operation used his expertise to divert water and allow divers to reach the soccer team. After 18 grueling days, which captivated the world, the boys and their soccer coach were safely rescued. Thanet, you played a vitally important role in saving 13 lives. Southern Illinois is proud. RECOGNIZING OFFICER JAMES HOLDER  
Mr. BOST. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Officer James Holder of Pinckneyville Police Department for receiving the Illinois State Bar Association’s Law Enforcement Award. The Law Enforcement Award recognizes officer conduct that promotes justice and brings honor and respect to the entire criminal justice system. Officer Holder was acknowledged for his involvement in a search and rescue operation during a major fire in an apartment building next to the Perry County Jail. He forcibly entered the building, notifying residents to immediately evacuate and clearing housing units to ensure no one was present. He proceeded to identify the source of the fire and work with other first responders as traffic and crowd control. Thank you, Officer Holder, for your brave service, and thank you to all of our first responders who are out there risking their lives every day to keep our communities safe. 
TIME TO CORRECT OUR FISCAL COURSE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, every day there is a headspinning moment with someone who is willing to push the Presidential powers to the point of abuse. Trump is undermining freedom of the press with unprecedented attacks. He cast doubt on the integrity and competence of United States intelligence services. He has an administration that is manipulating the data of a dishonest agency evaluation of the impact of monuments status that protects hundreds of thousands of acres and endangered species like the magnificent sagegrouse. Today’s outrage is a plan to use the Commodity Credit Corporation to funnel another $12 billion for a bailout of American farmers. You know, most farmers and ranchers don’t want a government bailout. They would like to be able to farm. They would like to be able to market. They would like to be able to sell their products without the threat of Trump’s trade war. Soon after Obama took office, inheriting the worst economy since the Great Depression, we have seen steady private sector employment growth for 9 consecutive years. Now, after inheriting a strong and growing economy, Trump and his enablers in the Republican Party are threatening this progress with a trade war that increases prices for American consumers, for American businesses, and is raising their costs. It is hard to keep track of everything. Trump is involved with an all out war on the Affordable Care Act. After utterly failing in his promise—remember, he was going to provide better healthcare for more people at lower cost. Who knew healthcare was complicated. Instead, his administration is raising insurance costs for millions in the individual market while destabilizing insurance for the rest of us. There were promises of tax reform, making it simpler and fairer. Instead, we have hopelessly complicated the Tax Code. We have given massive tax cuts for many people who didn’t need them. We are going to be watching for 
taxes being raised on homeowners across the country over the next 10 years. And, as a result of these actions for the budget and the taxes, we have doubled the budget deficit this year, with the prospect of deficits every year of a trillion dollars or more as far as the eye can see. After Republicans have cut over $2 trillion in taxes since 2001 for just the top 1 percent, what is the solution our Republican friends are offering to deal with the consequences? Look at the budget they just passed. Mr. Speaker, $2 trillion of cuts in programs for everybody else: Social Security, Medicare, Medicaid, the Affordable Care Act. At some point, the public is going to catch on to what is happening to them. In fact, maybe they already are. Maybe that is the reason that the Republican tax cuts are less popular than Bill Clinton’s tax increase. It is time that we take a step back, while we still can, and get back on the appropriate fiscal course. It does not mean trade wars and providing money for people who don’t need it. Let’s allow the economy to function without gimmicks and bailouts. 
CTE BILL A WIN FOR ALL AMERICANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) for 5 minutes. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak about the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, which has seen unanimous support in both Chambers of Congress, something I hope continues today. I proudly championed this bill because I truly believe that passing it will be a win for students, for workers, and for every person in America. Mr. Speaker, America is ready for a win. In June 2017, the House unanimously passed this bill to strengthen career and technical education. On Monday, the Senate also approved it unanimously, and we are now just steps away from getting this critical legislation to the President’s desk to be signed into law. This bill has been supported by House Education and the Workforce Committee Chairwoman VIRGINIA FOXXand Ranking Member BOBBY SCOTT. I thank them both. I want to thank the Democratic lead, Representative RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI , and my CTE Caucus cochairman, Representative JIMLANGEVIN . House and Senate leaders have brought this legislation to their respective floors because they know it is an important bill. Mr. Speaker, this legislation aims to restore rungs on the ladder of opportunity, because all Americans deserve a goodpaying, familysustaining job. Too often, we see students pushed down the collegeforall pathway that just doesn’t work for some people. But CTE has established itself as a path that many highachieving students choose in pursuit of industry certifications and handson skills that they can use right out of high school in a skillsbased education program or in college. By modernizing the Federal investment in CTE programs, we will be able to connect more educators with industry stakeholders and close the skills gap in this country. Mr. Speaker, 6.7 million jobs, good jobs, are currently available because people need to be qualified to get them. In fact, today, right here in Washington, CTE will be highlighted. The House Education and the Workforce Committee has invited 24 innovators from across the country for the bipartisan Innovation Forum and Showcase. Dedicated professionals will share with Congress and the public how they are addressing the Nation’s education and workforce development changes. I am proud to count among these professionals Mr. Joe Luther from my district. Mr. Luther is the horticulture and landscaping instructor at the Central Pennsylvania Institute of Science and Technology, located in Pleasant Gap, Centre County, Pennsylvania. Mr. Luther uses handson instruction to inspire students to reach great heights and achieve success in life. He brings reallife scenarios into his classroom at every opportunity to show students what their future can be like in the workforce. I know every Member of this House wants to give every American, regardless of where they come from, the best opportunity to succeed. That is why I urge my colleagues to support the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act when it comes back to the floor today with the Senate amendment. This bill and the amendment will modernize the Federal role in our Nation’s CTE program, which is long overdue; but, most importantly, it will restore rungs on the ladder of opportunity. It will inspire a new generation of builders and thinkers and makers and creators, and it will give every American a shot at the American Dream, which is opportunity and success in life. f 
RECOGNIZING UPCOMING CENTENARIANS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. BUTTERFIELD ) for 5 minutes. Mr. BUTTERFIELD. Mr. Speaker, I rise this morning to recognize three of my constituents who are all celebrating birthday 100 very, very soon. Mrs. Cora Jones ‘‘Boot’’ McLeod, Mrs. Christine Johnson Umstead, and Mrs. Annie Belle Gilmore Rogers are all members of historic Mount Vernon Baptist Church located in Durham, North Carolina, pastored by my friend Dr. Jerome J. Washington. These centenarians, Mr. Speaker, will soon celebrate their birthdays, surrounded by family and friends. These women have committed much of their lives to the development of their family and community. They are devout Christians of the missionary baptist faith who love their church. Mrs. Cora Jones Boot McLeod was born on August 8, 1918, in Raleigh, North Carolina, and attended Rosenwald Schools. She started her own business in Durham as a professional beautician. Mrs. McLeod has spent all of her life encouraging her family and community to be independent and faithful in their pursuits. Her leadership is reflected in the business community and at her beloved Mount Vernon Baptist Church, where she served as church usher. Mrs. Christine Johnson Umstead was born on August 16, 1918, in Roxboro, North Carolina, located in Person County, just north of Durham. She came to Durham as a food service professional. In retirement, she has encouraged others to become active senior citizens by setting an example and providing motivation to all. Mrs. Umstead joined Mount Vernon in 1948 and has remained an active church member. Over the years, she has provided faithful leadership and fellowship as a Christian missionary, a member of the senior citizens organization, and the J.E. Best Bible Class. Finally, yet importantly, is Mrs. Annie Belle Gilmore Rogers. Mrs. Rogers was born on October 20, 1918, in Durham, and her ancestors were founding members of Mount Vernon Baptist Church. Over the past 100 years, she has exemplified the value of faith, education, and resourcefulness. She attended what was then Hillside Park School, which we now know as Hillside High School, in Durham. She went on to become a teacher’s assistant at C.C. Spaulding Elementary School, where she helped educate young minds who would go on to become future leaders. Mrs. Rogers recognized the value of managing her resources and teaching her family to do the same. She was among the first members and leaders of the Mount Vernon Baptist Church Credit Union, at a time when African Americans had few opportunities for investing their limited resources or borrowing money to develop individual wealth. The credit union stands today as the last functioning church credit union in the State, with members of Mrs. Rogers’ family serving on its board. b1015 Mr. Speaker, it is with great pride this morning that I speak these words today from the floor of the House of Representatives. These three strong and powerful African American women 
have worked and labored to empower their families and Mount Vernon Baptist Church into a spiritual force serving the Durham community. I am grateful to these remarkable women for their love of humanity and contributions to their community. I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing these three great Americans our very best wishes as they each celebrate 100 years of life. 
SUSTAINABLE CONTROL OF THE HIV/AIDS EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN ) for 5 minutes. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to call attention to one very remarkable young woman. Earlier this year, I had the honor of meeting Masedi while visiting Botswana as part of a delegation trip. Sadly, Botswana is still struggling with HIV/AIDS. Every year, there are 14,000 new infections, and 1 in 5 adults in the country has HIV/AIDS. Masedi is one of these adults. Born with HIV/AIDS 23 years ago, she lost both of her parents and many other family members to this disease. But when my husband, Dexter, and I visited with her in Botswana, she was full of optimism and determination. Masedi’s story is remarkable, and what she has had to overcome is truly inspiring. She has made it her mission to educate the people of Botswana on HIV/AIDS to dispel any rumors or stigmas related to this disease and to one day see a Botswana free of this terrible ordeal. We were so inspired with this visit, and she is truly a shining role model for the entire country. That is why our PEPFAR program is so vitally important, Mr. Speaker. In just over 15 years, PEPFAR has saved and improved millions of lives while preventing millions more in HIV infections. Thanks to American leadership, PEPFAR, and remarkable individuals like Masedi, we can achieve the goal of sustainable control and eradication of the HIV/AIDS epidemic. 
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate and thank my dear friend Bob Rosasco for his efforts with MINTS International Seminary and its seminaryinprison degree program. Since 2010, this organization has been teaching theology in Florida’s prisons in order to educate, to train, and to equip members of the prison population, so they can teach others about religion and the word of God. This program provides inmates with the necessary tools and training that prepare them to reenter society and become productive members of the community after their release. Studies have shown that those who participate in education programs, including religious programs, while incarcerated are much less likely to reoffend. Because of Bob Rosasco and the efforts of so many like him, this program now has more than 200 students participating, with plans to keep expanding beyond Florida and across the United States. We are blessed to have Bob Rosasco as a member of our south Florida community, and I commend him for continuously giving back to others by sharing his time, his knowledge, and his passion. RECOGNIZING RYAN DOOLEY  
Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ryan Dooley, a dedicated Federal employee, a public servant, and my friend who lives in my congressional district in beautiful south Florida. I first met Ryan 14 years ago, shortly after he arrived in Miami as Assistant Director of the State Department’s Miami Passport Agency. Ryan’s commitment to service is unparalleled, and because of his efforts, he was soon promoted to Director of the Miami Passport Agency. When the San Juan Passport Agency opened its doors to the public in 2014, Ryan was chosen to lead that office as well. For the first time, our fellow Americans living in Puerto Rico and the U.S. Virgin Islands gained direct access to much neededpassport services, and that was truly a historic milestone. Today, Ryan is responsible for helping countless citizens across a huge geographic area. Ryan and his staff are consummate professionals dedicated to serving their communities efficiently and accurately. Under Ryan’s leadership, they have met and overcome numerous passport workload challenges. I have had the opportunity to work with Ryan on multiple occasions, both in Miami and here in D.C., and I can say that he is respected and admired by his colleagues at local, State, and Federal levels. I also know numerous State Department employees who got their start in Miami and were mentored by Ryan and encouraged to excel in their public service paths. In his career that has taken him around the world, Ryan has always promoted the ideals of freedom, of democracy, and of being responsible to the citizens of our great Nation. I would like to say, on behalf of my constituents: Ryan Dooley, thank you so much for all of your tireless work. I commend you for a job well done. I hope that you continue to serve the people of south Florida, Puerto Rico, and the U.S. Virgin Islands faithfully. I wish you and your partner, Gerald Darby, the best in the years to come. Gracias, amigo. 
MINORITY MENTAL HEALTH AWARENESS MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to mark Minority Mental Health Awareness Month. Mental health challenges do not discriminate. They affect Americans of all ages, races, backgrounds, and genders. It doesn’t matter if you are from a blue State, a red State, or a swing State. Mental illness is in your community. It affects your family and exists in your friend group and with your coworkers. Tragically, while mental health challenges impact so many people across the board, too many never see or get treatment because of the stigma associated with mental healthcare. It shames them into silence. So it is fitting that this year’s theme is ‘‘CureStigma.’’ While stigma keeps far too many from seeking and receiving the care that they need, the silence of stigma plagues African American populations and other ethnic groups. It is a sad and staggering statistic that African Americans are 20 percent more likely to report serious psychological distress than their White counterparts but just 25 percent will seek care. There is a tragic inequity in that figure, given that 40 percent of their White counterparts will seek care. Is this a matter of stigma? Of access to care, culturally competent care, and associated resources? Or perhaps a combination of them all. Mr. Speaker, it is past time that we tackle the stigma associated with mental health that keeps too many trapped without hope, recourse, or recovery. As for access to care, thanks to the Affordable Care Act, all health insurance plans are required to cover mental health services, just as they would cover cancer screenings and tetanus shots. Still, this administration, either through cruelty or willful ignorance, has actively attacked the mental health requirement and sought to push bad or, as I call them, junk insurance plans that neglect mental health services. We must do better. Congress must be better. Too many, especially in vulnerable populations, are still in desperate need of this care. That is why I am proud to be cosponsoring the Mental Health in Schools Act offered by my good friend, Congresswoman GRACE NAPOLITANO . This bill will provide comprehensive mental health programs to students in schools, with a special focus on dealing with trauma and violence. Congress can make a world of difference today, if we pass this bill. I am also proud to be cosponsoring the Veterans Mental Health Accessibility Act introduced by my colleague from Pennsylvania, Congressman MATT CARTWRIGHT . His bill would make veterans who serve in combat zones eligible for more mental health services through the VA. This is really commonsense legislation. With more than 20 of our brave veterans committing suicide daily, it is of critical importance that we pass this bill. 
In closing, I want to remind everyone, my colleagues, and those watching at home on C–SPAN that mental health is something that we can all work on. Simple, small, everyday things can make a huge difference. Here is my personal top five. First, take care of your body. It is all connected. Even a little bit of exercise or even a little more sleep can improve mood, reduce stress, and improve your health all around. Second, find a stress management strategy that works for you. For some, it is reading or running, while for others, it is coffee with friends or takeout and a movie. Do whatever works for you. Third, surround yourself with good people, be it family, friends, or someone you can trust in your community. Fourth, volunteerism is a great way to get out of your own head and give back to your community. It is good for you and great for your community. Finally, if you or someone you love needs help, please get it. Don’t let stigma hold you back. Mr. Speaker, as Minority Mental Health Awareness Month comes to a close, let’s cure stigma. 
HONORING THE BURLE FAMILY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) for 5 minutes. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Ryan and Abby Burle of Gainesville for creating a book drive for families with newborns who are receiving lifesaving medical treatment. The couple was inspired to establish the Mighty Three neonatal intensive care unit book drive after their triplets, Maggie, Max, and Miller, underwent medical treatment in Northeast Georgia Medical Center following their births. For months, Ryan and Abby could not hold their babies while they received crucial medical attention. As teachers, the young couple decided that they could leverage reading to communicate with the triplets using the sound of their voice to develop a bond with the three tiny patients. The Burles designed the Mighty Three NICU book drive to give families two books for each baby receiving treatment at Northeast Georgia Medical Center’s Gainesville hospital. Initially, the couple set out to collect 850 books but quickly surpassed that goal. Through their tireless work, the Mighty Three NICU book drive has provided more than 2,000 books to the hospital on Spring Street. Mr. Speaker, I commend Ryan and Abby for their dedication to encouraging families during times of need, and I wish the two of them much joy as they raise their three healthy children. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to join northeast Georgia in celebrating the 20th anniversary of the Ty Cobb Museum. The museum opened its doors on July 17, 1998, to highlight the legacy of Ty Cobb, a Banks County native and Baseball Hall of Fame member. Cobb was a Major League Baseball outfielder who set 90 MLB records during his career, some of which stand today. He played for the Detroit Tigers for 22 years, and, later, for the Philadelphia Athletics for two seasons. Cobb’s remarkable achievements include 4,065 runs scored and batted in, 897 total stolen bases, and a batting average of 366 at the close of his career. Additionally, Cobb was the first player ever inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame. In the community of Royston, The Georgia Peach is remembered for his philanthropic kindness. He was responsible for the Cobb Memorial Hospital and the Cobb Educational Fund, which have left a lasting legacy of love for his hometown. Mr. Speaker, the Ty Cobb Museum captures significant moments throughout Cobb’s life, from his roots in Royston to this success as part of American’s pastime. I congratulate the staff of the museum for two decades of service to their Georgia community and wish them well in their endeavors. CONGRATULATING CAROLINE LEWALLEN  
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Caroline Lewallen of Jaemor Farms in Alto. As a member of the Hall County Farm Bureau and Georgia Farm Bureau’s Young Farmers and Ranchers program, Caroline’s commitment to our State’s agricultural industry earned her the program’s Excellence in Agriculture award. Caroline holds degrees in agricultural education and leadership from the University of Georgia and Texas A&M University, respectively. She began her career as a student teacher and later became an agricultural fellow in the office of one of my former colleagues, Congressman Jack Kingston. Today, Caroline serves as the agritourism and marketing coordinator for Jaemor Farms. At Jaemor Farms, Caroline manages all events, like the festival honoring my favorite peach, the annual Georgia Belle Peach Festival. She also runs Jaemor Farms’ marketing and social media presence, regularly attracting attention from across the State and the country. Mr. Speaker, Caroline has played an important role in promoting the work of the northeast Georgia farmers by communicating the importance of locally grown produce for communities, and I want to congratulate her on this award and wish her well throughout her career. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in recognition of Kit Dunlap, president and CEO of the Greater Hall Chamber of Commerce, who recently received the Georgia Association of Chamber of Commerce Executives’ Legacy Award. The Georgia Association of Chamber of Commerce Executives’ Legacy Award is the association’s highest honor, recognizing executives who have dedicated many years to successfully improving their local chambers of commerce. Kit has served as the Greater Hall Chamber’s top official for more than 20 years. Her ambition and compassion for others has allowed her to excel as a leader. Throughout her involvement in the local chamber of commerce, she has transformed the Greater Hall Chamber by bringing together a well connected economic development team. This team has helped increase capital investment, job availability, and job retention in the Hall County area. Additionally, Kit has managed multimillion dollar initiatives, including the HALLmark campaign and Vision 2030, which helped fund communitybased education and economic development programs. I congratulate my friend Kit Dunlap on this award and thank her for her service to the Hall County business community. Mr. Speaker, as Kit’s representative, I must end this speech by answering the question she asks at the end of each chamber meeting: What is the water level of Lake Lanier? Well, today, it is 1,071.89. f 
TRIBUTE TO A LOCAL HERO, ROBERT VON DRASEK The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS) for 5 minutes. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Mr. Robert ‘‘Bob’’ Von Drasek, as he is better known. Bob was the most dedicated, committed, and loyal Saul Alinskytrained organizer who I have ever known. Bob came to the south Austin community during a time of great turbulence. b1030 The community was in the throes of a great transition from being 80 percent White to becoming 80 percent Black within a 10year period of time. Blockbusting, panic peddling, redlining, disinvestment, and all manner of malfeasance were taking place. Police brutality and other forms of law enforcement misconduct were rampant. I met Bob during this period. It was also during this time that the Organization for a Better Austin, under the leadership of Gail Cincotta, was organized; the South Austin Coalition Community Council, SACCC, was formed with Bob as a lead organizer; and I decided to run for the city council. Over the years, I have followed Bob’s work without exception. South Austin is practically an all African American community, except for a few merchants who never left the area, a few White citizens, school teachers, and policemen. Of course, Bob is White or Caucasian, and yet he won the hearts of the 
community and the trust of the people. He has developed intimate relationships with many of the residents and, to many, he is like a member of their family. Through Bob’s leadership, SACCC became known as the top grassroots community organization in the Chicagoland area. Bob was always a great strategist, but the members, like Mr. Ed Bailey, Mrs. Irene Norwood, Mrs. Lillian Drummond, and Mr. George Lawson, were the voices. Many people don’t know it, but it was SACCC who led community reinvestment. It was SACCC who organized senior citizens. It was SACCC who led the fight for LIHEAP. It was SACCC who kept the Austin Bank on its toes. It was SACCC who united block clubs. It was SACCC who got people to join local school councils. And it was SACCC who got churches to open their doors for community meetings. I have been in buildings with Bob where there was no heat. I have been in homes where there was no food. I have been on streets where there were no lights. I have been with Bob in allies where there was no hope. I have been with Bob and families after their relatives were shot. Bob has worked to bring help to the helpless and hope to the hopeless. Bob VonDrasek, you are a good man, and I thank you and your family, your wife and children, for what you have meant to our community and to our world. True soldiers are always reluctant to come off the battlefield, but there comes a time when we must put away our swords and shields to practice war no more. When that time comes, Bob, just know that you have made a difference. When you came to south Austin, newspapers were writing that it would be the next big slum. They did not know you and they did not know the people of south Austin. South Austin is not a slum. It is a vibrant, forwardthinking, and forwardmoving community. Bob, you have done the Master’s work. You have fed the hungry, clothed the naked, brought hope to the hopeless, and help to the helpless. You have lifted spirits and you have taught people how to love, how to live, and how to work together. I close, Bob, by leaving these words with, and for, you. 
If when you give the best of your service, telling the world that the Savior is come, be not dismayed when men don’t believe you, He understands, and will say, ‘‘Well done.’’ Oh, when I come to the end of my journey, weary of life and the battle is won, carrying the staff and the cross of redemption, He’ll understand, and say, ‘‘Well done.’’ If when this life of labor is ended, and the reward of the race you have run, oh, the sweet rest prepared for faithful, will be His blest and final, ‘‘Well done.’’ But if you try and fail in your trying, hands sore and scarred from the work you’ve begun, take up your cross, run quickly to meet Him, He’ll understand, He’ll say, ‘‘Well done.’’ SERBIA AND AMERICA—100 YEARS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, 100 years ago, in 1918, President Woodrow Wilson declared July 28 as a National Day of Prayer for the Serbian people. This was during World War I, the war to end all wars. American doughboys and leathernecks had arrived on the western front, holding the line against Germany’s last offensive before it collapsed. Meanwhile, the Serbian people were suffering under occupation by the central powers, who had launched a brutal invasion of Serbia. Mr. Speaker, during World War I, one in four Serbian people were killed during that war. But the Serbian army had survived the invasion and was fighting alongside our allies to liberate their home. They were reinforced by many SerbianAmericans, who had returned to Europe to help their brothers. President Wilson wanted America to honor the sacrifices of the Serbian people. In a speech marking the invasion of Serbia by the central powers, he said of the Serbians: 
Nobly did they respond. So valiantly and courageous did they oppose the forces of a country ten times greater in population and resources. . . . While their territory has been devastated and their homes despoiled, the spirit of the Serbian people has not been broken. 
As a Texan, I admire such defiance against overwhelming odds. On that special day, President Wilson ordered a rare recognition to a foreign ally, by having the Serbian flag raised over the White House. That recognition had only occurred one other time in American history. The spirit of brotherhood between the Americans and the Serbians, fighting shoulder to shoulder against tyranny, did not end there. One of the most meaningful stories for Americans is the Halyard Mission during the dark days of the Second World War. Despite being under Nazi occupation, the Serbian people demonstrated their remarkable bravery once again, saving the lives of hundreds of Americans in the largest rescue operation of American airmen in history. In 1944, American bombers were flying frequent missions to strike Germany’s vital oil supplies in Romania as a part of the allied advance into Europe. The 15th Air Force led this effort by launching 20,000 sorties into Eastern Europe, with many of the missions flying over Nazioccupied Yugoslavia. As many as 1,500 pilots and airmen were shot down during these air raids. Serbians, who had been resisting Nazi forces since 1941, risked their own lives to rescue American aircrews in Yugoslavia and hide them from patrolling Nazis. These brave and noble Serbians cared for and protected Americans and allied pilots. In August of 1944, the allied forces, including the 15th Air Force and the Office of Strategic Services, devised a daring operation to evacuate hundreds of allied pilots being sheltered by the Serbian resistance in Nazioccupied Yugoslavia. American aircraft flew into enemy territory and evacuated 500 airmen from the airfield built and protected by local Serbians near the village of Pranjani. For over 60 years, this operation was kept secret from the American people. But now we can remember the courage of our Serbian friends and their stand against the Nazis. Here, Mr. Speaker, is a photograph taken by the Serbian resistance, taking Americans who had been shot down in Serbia and taking them to the airfield, where they would be returned back to the American lines. George Dudich, the father of my chief of staff, Elaine Dudich Stolze, when I was a judge in Texas, rescued many Americans who had been shot down in occupied Yugoslavia. All these years later, we remain committed to the cause of freedom for both nations. We should work together to preserve each other’s security. The United States is now working with Serbia to improve its democracy, an independent judiciary, and fight corruption. A democratic Serbia with a strong rule of law is in America’s interests and Serbia’s. We are united in keeping the hungry Russian bear from interfering in domestic affairs in Serbia. Russian disinformation efforts are designed to keep Serbia in its sphere of influence and poison our relationship. Nevertheless, Serbia’s integration to the west has continued to move forward. In 2006, Serbia joined NATO’s Partnership for Peace program and, in 2015, signed an Individual Partnership Action Plan with the alliance to strengthen cooperation. And recently, the European Union has announced that Serbia would join the EU as early as 2025. The prime minister and foreign minister of Serbia and numerous Serbs are in the Capitol today to promote U.S. Serbian relations. So on this 100th anniversary of President Wilson’s speech about the courageous Serbs of World War I, we reaffirm our joint partnership and friendship and a quest for liberty. And that is just the way it is. 
HONORING THE VICTIMS OF THE OCTOBER 1 SHOOTING IN LAS VEGAS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Nevada (Mr. KIHUEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, it has been 297 days since the worst mass shooting in U.S. history. On October 1, 2017, 58 people were senselessly murdered at the Harvest Music Festival in Las Vegas, in my hometown, and more than 500 people were injured. I still remember that day like it was yesterday. I remember going to Sunrise 
Hospital and seeing 194 victims who had been shot or injured. Since October 1, I have come to the House floor 58 times to honor each of the victims and to share their stories. For the last 9 months, my colleagues have listened to 58 separate speeches, and have looked at the pictures of the 58 victims. These stories have been met with silence by the majority. Since October 1, members of the Nevada delegation have asked to, at least, hold a hearing on bump stocks, the device that contributed to the massive carnage in Las Vegas. Our letters have been met with silence by the majority. Since October 1, Democrats, and a few Republicans, have introduced no less than 30 bills to combat gun violence in our country, yet these bills have been met with silence by the majority. Since October 1, there have been more mass shootings in the U.S., including at the First Baptist Church in Sutherland Springs, Texas; at Marjory Stoneman Douglas High School in Parkland, Florida; and at the Capital Gazette in Annapolis, Maryland. These mass shootings have been met with silence by the majority. At what point are my colleagues in Congress going to stop being silent? At what point are they going to say: We have to do something; we have to take action? The United States is in the middle of a gun epidemic. Every day, 96 Americans, Mr. Speaker, are killed by gun violence. Americans are 25 times more likely to be murdered with a gun than people in other developed countries. Americans can no longer feel safe at churches, concerts, movie theaters, work, military bases, nightclubs, restaurants, shopping malls, grocery stores, baseball fields, congressional baseball fields, and, even worse, our children are no longer safe at school. Since 2009, there have been 288 school shootings in the U.S. Today, little kids are afraid to wear lightup shoes to school because a gunman could see them when they have to hide for their life. From the time of the mass shooting at Sandy Hook to the mass shooting at Parkland, the House of Representatives has held more than 40 moments of silence related to gun violence. However, in that same time, the majority refuses to consider any real piece of legislation, hold any hearings, or take any action that could reduce this gun violence epidemic. b1045 And despite bipartisan support in this body to ban bump stocks, implement universal background checks, limit highcapacity magazines, or ban assault weapons, my colleagues say that nothing can be done to prevent gun violence in America. If that is true, why is the United States the only developed country that has this problem? The truth is we can do something. We can take action. My Republican colleagues can put the American gun lobby first and the NRA and gun manufacturers, but the American people come first. We have to listen to the American people. We can pass bipartisan and commonsense solutions to prevent more shootings and to save more lives. To my fellow Nevadans and Americans, I want you to know that, despite these roadblocks, we will keep fighting. Every day there are people here in Congress working tirelessly to make our country safer. Every day we are moved by your rallying cries and your stories; and every day, we will fight to end the gun violence epidemic in the United States. 
MEMORIALIZING THE HISTORY OF THE FIRST BAPTIST CHURCH, BLACKSBURG, SOUTH CAROLINA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. NORMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. NORMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, July 25, 2018, in our Nation’s Capitol to formally memorialize the history of the First Baptist Church located in Blacksburg, South Carolina. First Baptist Church of Blacksburg was originally called the Berea Baptist Church, organized over 146 years ago, on December 4, 1876. The original structure was located near the corner of Highway 29 and Mountain Street, near the old Berea cemetery. This building was used as a church, schoolhouse, and community meeting hall. The first people to be baptized in the original building were Mrs. Sally Little and Mattie Bridges. The first mention of building a new church facility was the years 1906 through 1909, under the pastorate of the Reverend B.L. Hoke. A committee was formed to search for land to build the new church. During the pastorate of Reverend C.W. Payseur, property located on the corner of Cherokee and Rutherford Streets was purchased from Mr. D.D. Gaston for $500; and in the spring of 1912, construction began on the new building. The records indicate that W.A. Blalock and A.M. Bridges broke the first dirt, and D.A. Gold placed the first brick, with Miss Emma Cornwell placing the first mortar for the bricks. The first service in the new church facility was held over 105 years ago in June 1913, and the name of the church was officially changed from the Berea Baptist Church to the First Baptist Church of Blacksburg. The first person to be baptized in the new building was Mr. Ben Ramseur. In 1922, over 96 years ago, a house and 6 acres of land owned by Mr. Tracy Hardin was donated for the purposes of building a church parsonage, and in June of 1929, the church began construction on the first Sunday school rooms at a cost of $2,300. The property behind the existing educational building as it sits today was purchased during the years between 1941 and 1950, and a new building fund was started. The church broke ground on the new building at a cost of $87,500; and on Sunday, June 24, 1956, which was over 62 years ago, the church celebrated homecoming, with ‘‘Dinner on the Grounds’’ in the new social hall downstairs. On June 11, 1961, all debt was paid off and a note burning service was held to celebrate this accomplishment. On July 5, 1962, the church voted to begin construction on the present sanctuary to replace the old one which, at the time, had been destroyed. The committee overseeing the construction was comprised of 10 members representing each of the resident families. The new sanctuary was completed in 1963 at a total cost of $74,735, and the debt was paid off on May 2, 1979. The building of the new parsonage located at 108 Lenzer Circle began in the 1970s and was completed in February of 1972. The debt was paid off, and the official burning service was held on February 23, 1975, to celebrate this accomplishment of paying off the debt. In October of 1976, the church voted to sell the old parsonage and purchase the entire land located inside Lenzer Circle for a future recreational facility. On December 1, 1993, the church purchased the property and buildings immediately next to the existing church sanctuary at a cost of $35,000, with the debt paid in full on January 16, 1998. The next major renovation and building came in 1995, where the church reaffirmed the idea of seeking to build a recreational facility beside the existing church sanctuary; and in June of 1996, the old grocery store known as the Sara Wilkins property was demolished to make way for the new construction. In 1997, renovations and repairs were made to the existing educational building and exterior of the sanctuary, along with a new Allen organ for the sanctuary. The construction of the new Family Life Center began in August of 1999, for a total cost of $520,000, with the church only borrowing $60,000. The building was completed and the dedication held in May of 2000, and the remaining debt was paid off in 2001. In July of 2001, the church purchased the old library building located behind the existing sanctuary and education building where the church offices exist today. The last renovations to the present sanctuary were renovated in 2014. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to memorialize the 142year history of the First Baptist Church of Blacksburg, which was organized on December 4, 1876, as we worship today in 2018, with the core mission being, then and now, service to Jesus Christ and the faithful teachings of the Christian Gospel. 
WITHOUT THE RUSSIANS, TRUMP WOULDN’T HAVE WON The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from 
New Hampshire (Ms. S HEAPORTER ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SHEAPORTER. Mr. Speaker, I would like to read a column by Max Boot, conservative, and very well known. I am quoting completely. ‘‘President Trump is willing, under duress, to briefly and begrudgingly admit that Russian meddling took place in 2016 before reverting to calling it a ‘big hoax.’ But he always maintains that the plot against America had no impact; he describes it as a ‘Democrat excuse for losing the ’16 election.’ Faithfully echoing the President, other Republicans, such as House Speaker PAUL RYAN, say it’s ‘clear’ that Russian interference ‘didn’t have a material effect on our elections.’ White House Press Secretary Sarah Huckabee Sanders even claims that the U.S. intelligence community reached that conclusion. ‘‘Not quite. Here is the intelligence community’s assessment, partially declassified in 2017: ‘We did not make an assessment of the impact that Russian activities had on the outcome of the 2016 election. The U.S. intelligence community is charged with monitoring and assessing the intentions, capabilities, and actions of foreign actors; it does not analyze U.S. political processes or U.S. public opinion.’’’ To continue the story that Max wrote: ‘‘When thenCIA Director Mike Pompeo claimed last fall that the ‘intelligence community’s assessment is that the Russian meddling that took place did not affect the outcome of the election,’ his own agency rebuked him. ‘‘While the intelligence agencies are silent on the impact of Russia’s attack, outside experts who have examined the Kremlin campaign, which included stealing and sharing Democratic Party emails, spreading propaganda online, and hacking State voter rolls, have concluded that it did affect an extremely close election decided by fewer than 80,000 votes in three States. Clint Watts, a former FBI agent, writes in his recent book ‘Messing with the Enemy,’ that ‘Russia absolutely influenced the U.S. Presidential election,’ especially in Michigan and Wisconsin, where Trump’s winning margin was less than 1 percent in each State. ‘‘We still don’t know the full extent of the Russian interference, but we know its propaganda reached 126 million people via Facebook alone. A BuzzFeed analysis found that fake news stories on Facebook generated more social engagement in the last 3 months of the campaign than did legitimate articles: The ‘20 topperforming false election stories from hoax sites and hyperpartisan blogs generated 8,711,000 shares, reactions, and comments on Facebook.’ Almost all of this ‘fake news’ was either started or spread by Russian bots, including claims that the Pope had endorsed Trump and that Hillary Clinton had sold weapons to the Islamic State. ‘‘Elsewhere on social media, tens of thousands of Russian bots spread pro Trump messages on Twitter, which has already notified 1.4 million users that they interacted with Russian accounts. The Russian disinformation, propagating hashtags such as #Hillary4Prison and #MAGA, reflected what the Trump campaign was saying. The Russian bots even claimed after every Presidential debate that Trump had won; whereas, objective viewers gave each one to Clinton. ‘‘Russia also hacked voting systems in at least 39 States; and while there is no evidence that vote tallies were changed, Russians may have used that stolen data to target their social media or shared the results with the Trump campaign. The Senate Intelligence Committee found that ‘in a small number of States,’ the Russians may have been able to ‘alter or delete voter registration data,’ potentially disenfranchising Clinton voters. ‘‘And then there was the crucial impact of the Russian hacks of Democratic documents disseminated primarily by WikiLeaks. The first tranche of stolen documents, more than 19,000 emails and 8,000 attachments, was strategically released on July 22, 2016, 3 days before the Democratic Convention. The resulting news coverage disrupted the Clinton campaign’s plans by creating the impression that the Democratic National Committee was biased against BERNIE SANDERS and forcing DNC Chairwoman DEBBIE WASSERMAN  SCHULTZ to resign. ‘‘The second tranche of stolen documents was released on October 7, just 29 minutes after The Post reported on the ‘Access Hollywood’ videotape in which Trump is heard boasting about grabbing women by the genitals. These emails, stolen from Clinton campaign chairman John Podesta, distracted voter attention by revealing the transcripts of lucrative speeches Clinton had given to Goldman Sachs, a populist boogeyman. ‘‘A third release of stolen emails, on October 11, revealed that Democratic operative Donna Brazile, while working at CNN, had provided debate questions to Clinton during the primaries and that senior Democratic operatives, who were themselves Catholics, had exchanged emails disparaging Republicans who cherrypicked their faith for political gain. This fueled Trump’s narrative that the election was ‘rigged’ and that the ‘Clinton team’ was, as he said, ‘viciously attacking Catholics and Evangelicals.’ The latter charge, unfair as it was, proved especially important in Michigan, Wisconsin, and Pennsylvania, swing States with lots of Catholic voters. ‘‘Little wonder that Trump said ‘I love WikiLeaks’ and mentioned its revelations 164 times in the last month of the campaign. ‘This WikiLeaks stuff is unbelievable,’ Trump said on October 12. Eight days later, he marveled, ‘Boy, that WikiLeaks has done a job on her, hasn’t it?’ ‘‘Now, by contrast, Trump and his apologists pretend Russian intervention, including WikiLeaks, was no big deal. That beggars belief.’’ The end of this is—and I am sorry I have to skip over some of it—is: ‘‘That is the inconvenient truth that Putin Republicans won’t admit.’’ f 
THE IMPACT OF FOSTA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Missouri (Mrs. WAGNER ) for 5 minutes. Mrs. WAGNER. Mr. Speaker, in April, my bill, the Fight Online Sex Trafficking Act, or FOSTA, became law. FOSTA allows Federal, State, and local prosecutors to go after the online businesses that are trafficking our children. Signing FOSTA into law has decimated the online sex trade that fuels human trafficking in America. Scores of major websites that promoted sex trafficking and prostitution have shut down, and countless lives have been saved. Our communities are better off now because of FOSTA: fewer victims are being trafficked; buyers are no longer able to easily purchase women and children; and fewer pimps are getting their payday. The online slave trade has never been more fragile than today. After passage of FOSTA, global ad volume declined 87 percent from the daily average. Websites that dominated the illegal sex trade shut down for fear of being prosecuted. Websites like Massage Tolls, The Erotic Review, and Escorts in College are gone. Household names like Reddit, Google, PayPal, and Microsoft updated their terms of service to ensure that platforms aren’t being abused by traffickers. Additionally, the Department of Justice shut down backpage.com, and its owners were arrested. Right now, we have this criminal enterprise on its heels. Buyers and pimps don’t know where to turn, and traffickers are getting 90 percent fewer responses than they got on Backpage and the other leading trafficking sites that shut down. The bottom line is websites are doing everything they can to avoid criminal liability, while trying to keep their criminal enterprise alive. But the loopholes that they were utilizing no longer exist. Financial institutions are also cracking down on accounts used by trafficking. CC Bill, the payment processor of these porn and trafficking hubs stopped processing credit cards for websites that facilitate prostitution. b1100 CC Bill was the domestic credit card processor of last resort, and websites are now struggling to find a viable alternative. Together, we are putting the online slave trade out of business. As trafficking becomes less profitable, fewer victims will ever be sold and raped. 
FOSTA is striking fear in the hearts of America’s pimps and online predators. Law enforcement is seeing real results, and that is why FOSTA is being called the most significant antitrafficking law in nearly 20 years. Experts have repeatedly said that sex trafficking will flourish until market force of risk is increased and we create a real criminal deterrent. FOSTA establishes that deterrent, and as a result, fewer businesses will ever, ever enter the sex trade. Sex advertising is at a new low for this decade. And this Congress has demonstrated that we can and will hold accountable the businesses that profit from the sale of our most vulnerable. It is because of the massive bipartisan majorities of both the House and the Senate that FOSTA is law today. The results we are seeing in our communities are proof that Congress can, and does, work together to achieve real results for the American people. Lives have been saved, fewer children and women are being sold into slavery, and trafficking and prostitution websites are being shut down. We are delivering real results for real people and our country is better off now because of it. 
SECRETARY OF STATE POMPEO’S SENATE TESTIMONY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. ENGEL ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ENGEL. Mr. Speaker, a few hundred feet north of here in the Senate, Secretary of State Pompeo will soon testify about President Trump’s disastrous performance at the recent NATO summit and, worse, at his meeting in Helsinki with Russia’s dictator, Vladimir Putin. Now, if you are a Member of this body and you are interested in what Mr. Pompeo has to say on these topics, you had better turn on your television, because he isn’t coming over here. Secretary Pompeo is ignoring the House, despite our request that he come testify or brief our Members. He is blowing off half of the legislative branch. This is outrageous, and I bet if Secretary Pompeo were still a Member of this House, he would think so too. We have too many unanswered questions, Mr. Speaker. What happened in President Trump’s secret meeting with Putin? They sat together for 2 hours with no one else aside from interpreters. What deals were made? What agreements were reached? The Russians are claiming that a great deal was discussed, but so far, we have heard nothing from this administration. President Trump’s actions in Helsinki were a betrayal of his duties. He had already insulted our closest friends and allies, and with the world watching, he sided with Putin over our own intelligence and law enforcement communities about Russia’s attack on our democracy. So we need to see Secretary Pompeo and Secretary Mattis and Director Coats. I recently joined with my fellow ranking members, Mr. SMITH on the Armed Services Committee and Mr. SCHIFF on the Intelligence Committee, demanding that these senior officials come to the Hill and shed light on what took place. We don’t know, and the Secretary of State is not coming to the House to tell us. We have gotten no response to our requests. With Secretary Pompeo set to appear in the Senate, that is really a slap in the face to this body. Every Member of this body should object to the fact that this administration won’t give us the time of day. I object, and I will keep pushing until we get the answers we need. 
MUELLER RESOLUTION The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. REED). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. ROKITA ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ROKITA. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today ultimately seeking justice for the American people and to end what our President has rightfully described as a witch hunt. For too long, our resources have been wasted on Robert Mueller’s probe into Russian collusion in our 2016 elections. Not only has this probe dragged on for over a year, but it has undermined our entire system of justice at this point while giving Washington elites and their biased counsel a pass to work above the law, exempt from any boundaries. Through my Mueller Resolution, I am calling for us to call for the termination of the probe if no evidence of Russian collusion can be provided. And, again, after over a year, no evidence has been provided. It is time for the restoration of the rule of law back into our Justice Department, and that is why I am imploring my colleagues to fight alongside me by signing on to this resolution. Let’s work together to end the clear manipulation of power against our President. The President has the American people’s prosperity and security at the top of his priorities. Let’s look at the results so far. Let’s look at his track record. The economy is booming, regulations have been cut, and we are leading the world again. This witch hunt against our President is unprecedented and it is uncalled for. The Democrats have become the party of obstruct and resist, obstruct and resist, obstruct and resist. The Dems call Trump’s tax cuts crumbs, even though it benefits millions of Americans. Those $1,000 bonuses that are the result of the tax cuts and the economy booming are putting more food on the table, more security in the home, help with childcare, and everything else. They are anything, but crumbs. The Democrats are calling for the abolishment of ICE, even though they protect millions of Americans, even though they protect us. Since when has this body, since when has a party become so resistant, become so obstructionist against law and order, against law enforcement, against our fellow citizens who are protecting us. The Democrats are out of touch with the American people. It is time to throw our full support behind the President. Just look at this week in the Senate. Senator COREY BOOKER said that anyone who supports Judge Cavanaugh, President Trump’s next nominee for the Supreme Court, is ‘‘complicit in evil.’’ Mr. Speaker, how far have we gone? How out of touch is one political party in this Nation? Let’s support the President when he wants to put America First, and all that means. We saw that with NATO, he is calling on the other nations to finally pay their fair share, to do what is right, to do what they agreed to. If we have to be the world’s police force, at least we should have some help paying for it. And the same with what is going on at the U.N. We pay, we pay, we pay, the taxpayers pay and pay and pay, yet we don’t get the services we deserve or the leadership that we also deserve. It is time to put America First. Other countries have to help support. Let’s support the President in leading again. Let’s support the President in making America First again. 
IMPEACHMENT IS NOT DEAD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, and still I rise. I am proud, once again, Mr. Speaker, to stand in the well of the House. I am proud to do so today, Mr. Speaker, in defense of liberty and justice for all. Mr. Speaker, if we know the truth, it can set us free. A truth: A Quinnipiac Poll, Mr. Speaker, as of July 3, this month, this year, a poll indicates that 49 percent of Americans believe that the President of the United States is a racist, 49 percent, nearly 50 percent of the country. Wonder why? Could it be because of Charlottesville? Could it be because of a Muslim ban? Could it be because of the way this President has instituted policies, such as the one that has impacted Latinos at the border, taking babies from their mothers, segregating them such that babies don’t have contact with their parents? Fortynine percent of the people believe that the President is a racist. Mr. Speaker, in the same poll, 55 percent believe that he has emboldened people who hold racist beliefs to express those beliefs publicly. The President of the United States is having an adverse impact on society. He is causing people to do ugly things. Mr. Speaker, the polls also show, this is a Harris Poll, that 42 percent believe 
that the President of the United States of America should be impeached. That number would be higher, by the way, if, not but for, the effort to suppress impeachment. And I must compliment the people who are engaged in that effort. They have done exceedingly well. Some people dare not say the word ‘‘impeachment.’’ I am so glad, however, so thankful, so grateful that Dr. King was not guided by polls, because there are some polls that would cause persons to do what they should not. If you are waiting on the polls to tell you that the President ought to be impeached, you may be waiting a long time. If you are waiting on the polls to get to 60, 70, 80 percent, you may be waiting a long time. I am so glad that Dr. King did not wait for the polls to tell him to protest segregation and discrimination. The bus boycott probably wouldn’t have taken place in Montgomery if there had been a wait for the polls. They probably wouldn’t have crossed the Edmund Pettus Bridge if there had been a wait for the polls. I am so glad that people of goodwill will stand up to bigotry, will take a stand. They don’t let political expediency trump the moral imperative to speak out and speak up. I am so glad that there are people who put the moral imperative above political expediency. And finally, this: For those of you who worship at the altar of polls, when President Clinton was impeached, 29 percent of the people thought that he should be impeached, 29 percent. There are some people who are not guided by polls. I am one of them. Bigotry emanating from the Presidency is impeachable because of the harm that it is doing to society. Impeachment is not dead. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
AMERICA IS WINNING AGAIN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, obviously we live in alternative universes. Mr. Speaker, America is winning again, and before we embark on the August recess, let’s take into account what just 18 months of unified Republican government has meant for the American people. According to the IMD World Competitive Center’s 2018 rankings, the United States of America has overtaken Hong Kong as the world’s number one most competitive economy thanks to faster economic growth and a supportive atmosphere for scientific and technological innovation. Our entire stock market is hovering around alltime highs. Our national unemployment rate has reached its lowest level in 18 years. Female unemployment has reached its lowest levels since 1953. That is over 65 years ago. Black and Hispanic unemployment have reached their lowest levels ever. More than 3.7 million new jobs have been created since President Trump took office, including 358,000 new jobs in manufacturing. In contrast, more than 16,000 manufacturing jobs nationwide were lost in 2016, the year before President Trump took office. b1115 In 2017, an average of 16,333 manufacturing jobs were created per month; and last month, 26,000 new manufacturing jobs were created, bringing it to a total of 358,000 new jobs in manufacturing since President Trump’s inauguration in January of 2017. And it continues to grow today. The U.S. currently has 6.6 million job openings. It is at an alltime high. There are now more job openings than there are job seekers in the United States for the third straight month. In May, new hires rose to 5.75 million. That is the highest level in 17 years and the second highest level on record. An alltime high of 155.6 million Americans now have jobs. Now, back home in Pennsylvania’s Third Congressional District, which is soon to be its 16th Congressional District, the unemployment rate has dropped significantly in all seven counties. In Erie County, unemployment is now at an 18year low, and in Crawford County, it is at a 42year low. Wages for workers in Pennsylvania and across America have grown steadily by almost 3 percent over the past year and are continuing to climb. Jobless claims, which are also known as unemployment benefit filings, have reached a 48year low. That is half a century. Customer confidence has reached its highest level since 2001. Job market confidence and small business confidence are at their highest levels ever. Since President Trump signed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act in December of last year, businesses have created more than 1.3 million new jobs for American workers. And thanks to the tax cuts, more than 650 companies and counting are reinvesting billions of dollars into their businesses and have given more than 4.5 million American workers and counting major bonuses or pay raises or benefit increases. In my home district, this has included employees for NexTier Bank, Erie Insurance, PNC Bank, Walmart, Starbucks, McDonald’s, Chipotle, Home Depot, the National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation, and many more. Nationally, more than 100 United States utility companies have lowered bills for customers in 48 States. Since February of this year, 90 percent of American wage earners have been opening bigger, less taxed paychecks with more takehome pay. In my home district, the average tax cuts for individuals is $1,230. For families of four, it is $2,427. Those are hardly crumbs. In over 10 years, households will enjoy an average of more than $18,000 in takehome pay, and these are dollars that they have earned and now they get to spend it the way they want to as opposed to sending it to the government for the government to spend it the way the government would like to. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has also established the brandnew opportunity zones, a program to incentivize private investors to make longterm investments in communities that have faced economic hardships, which means even more jobs are on the way. The New York Times has called this provision the first substantial Federal attempt to aid those communities in more than a decade. Mr. Speaker, in every measurable way, all Americans are better off now than we were just 2 short years ago. In every measurable way, America is winning again. f 
SCHOOL SAFETY The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ) for 5 minutes. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about school safety. I present as a doctor, a healthcare professional, as a father, and as a Representative that is open to new ideas from people who are really attempting to do something to try to make our schools safer and better for our children. As a doctor, I see violence as a public health crisis which is multifaceted, with different contributing factors to consider and with preventive strategies to implement. That is why I want to share with you what a couple of organizations in my district are doing in an attempt to tackle some of the lesser explored potential factors contributing to violence within our schools, among our students, and growing in our society. It begins with an organization called Screen Education. Screen Education is a Cincinnatibased organization that seeks to understand, scientifically, how technology and social media impacts kids. Screen Education and EMI Research Solutions, which is an online market research supplier, also from Cincinnati, partnered with Stark Statistical Consulting of Albuquerque, New Mexico, to conduct a survey of students. While their full analysis contains much insight, I would like to share three statistics that I found particularly shocking: Sixtyeight percent of students said they witnessed someone being bullied online at least several times a year; Thirtyone percent of students said they had seen online bullying result in physical violence; and 
When asked if they felt that using social media will contribute to conditions that can result in school shootings, 73 percent of the students said ‘‘yes.’’ Now, to be clear, I am not saying that social media is the sole cause of shootings or suicides, but these statistics are statistics that should shock everyone. Recent findings say revenge is a strong motivation for school shootings and that among students, homicide perpetrators were more than twice as likely as their victims to have been bullied by peers. These are more than just statistics. They are the reported experiences of our Nation’s children on a daily basis, both in and outside of school. So this is an example of a problem that clearly could and should be addressed and that our society surely has the means to deal with. Some organizations are stepping up to do just that. Bully Bully is a Cincinnatibased firm that was created out of a disconnect that the founder noticed between widespread bullying in our schools and the often reactive, largely ineffective ways of addressing that harassment. Bully Bully is developing an anonymous reporting app that not only allows students to provide information regarding antagonistic situations, but also assists school administrators in analyzing and addressing these incidents and supporting victims of harassment. Bully Bully’s stated goal is to never allow another incident of intimidation or harassment lead to a school fatality or suicide. What they are saying is: Here is a problem. It might be a factor in violence, and I think we have the means to stop it. So here is a solution. Let’s try it. In my experience, Mr. Speaker, there is rarely a simple solution to a public health crisis. You need to try multiple solutions across multiple fronts. Physical or verbal intimidation may be a facet of this public health crisis that we haven’t paid enough attention to but ought to. I am glad we have Americans like those in my Ohio district who are willing to try and solve part of a large problem. Evidence has suggested that students who get harassed by their peers tend to grow up more socially anxious with less selfesteem and require more mental health services. Hundreds of thousands of students skip school each day out of fear and anxiety. It may be a more pervasive problem than we think, actually. Recent research by Screen Education on 12 to 16yearolds at Camp Livingston in Bennington, Indiana, found that students were largely happier by being deprived of their smartphones. They were more engaged and connected to one another as people when removed from the cyber world of drama, gossip, and aggression. Instead of being forced to react to student violence when tragically necessary, perhaps we should focus on equipping the adult who spends all day with these students with the means to support and guide them. Let’s keep looking for ways to make schools safer for our children and maybe, just maybe, we can make the school experience better and safer for our children as a result. 
WORKFORCE TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SMUCKER ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SMUCKER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak on a topic that should continue to be in the forefront of our agenda here in Congress: workforce training and development. Before coming to Congress, I owned and operated a small construction company in Lancaster County, and when we worked to expand our footprint in central Pennsylvania and sought out new markets to expand the business, we faced a serious problem: Many times, there just simply were not workers available to fill the jobs that we needed to fill in order to expand. Qualified or trained workers were just simply unavailable. Just recently, I met with half a dozen of the Nation’s largest staffing agencies. They told me today that this has reached crisis proportions. They are seeing companies all across the country being faced with the same problem that I was faced with as a business owner, and companies now are making decisions on where to locate new facilities, where to expand based on the available workforce in that area. Sometimes, that is offshore rather than right here in America. I have seen the skills gap firsthand. I have managed through it, understood the impacts of it, and so now, in Congress, I am working to try to fix it. One of the best ways that we can lift people up, improve their standard of living, and create more opportunity is to connect them with a goodpaying, family sustaining job. Let’s be honest: the best antipoverty program is a job. Right now, our economy is booming, consumer optimism is rising, and American manufacturing has risen in each of the last three quarters. We have sustained economic growth, and jobs are being created all across the country. In fact, there are roughly 6 million jobs available right now. Ways and Means Chairman KEVIN BRADY said it best when he said, recently: ‘‘We have gone from a nation that asks, ‘Where are the jobs?’ to one that asks, ‘Where are the workers?’’’ One of my priorities in Congress has been to work to expand opportunities for workbased learning, where individuals get real experience from real professionals as they are learning. I was very happy to see the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act just came back from the Senate. We will be, hopefully, passing that onto the President’s desk this afternoon. There is additional work that we can do; therefore, I have introduced additional legislation that will continue this effort. H.R. 5153, the USA Workforce Tax Credit Act, would address the urgent need to ensure that current and future American workers are prepared for the jobs available in today’s 21st century economy. By establishing a new Federal tax credit, this legislation would encourage donations for communitybased apprenticeship programs, career and technical education, workforce development, and educational preparedness, and it would encourage partnerships with companies looking to sponsor these programs. Encouraging investments in organizations and programs that are preparing our workforce for the jobs of today means that more people will be connected with a job. It means more families will be improving their standard of living. It means that people will thrive off the dignity that jobs provide. But it is really more than just an investment in workforce training programs. It is an investment in the American people. There are so many different paths to obtaining a goodpaying job. I have my own experience of running my construction company during the day while I was taking college courses at night. I never did quite obtain that bachelor’s degree, but I gained the skills necessary for my industry. My experience isn’t that different from so many people in this country. I know firsthand that there is no one sizefitsall solution to finding a good job or helping others get connected with one. We have to ensure that our educational system is preparing workers to succeed in the 21st century. We have to invest in our people. I believe that this legislation makes a down payment and puts us on the right path. It is my hope that Congress advances this legislation to change lives, support families, lift people up, and support our growing economy. f 
ENERGY DIVERSIFICATION FOR EUROPE The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) for 5 minutes. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, America is better off. America is better off because U.S. crude exports have more than doubled since January 2017, and production is up 12 percent so far this year alone. Since Congress lifted the 40year ban on oil exports in 2015, U.S. producers now export between 1.5 and 2 million barrels of crude every day. Lifting the ban has filled pipelines and sparked a surge of investment in new technology and shipping infrastructure around the United States. 
b1130 Today, U.S. crude imports have dropped 7.5 million barrels per day, as we rely on that increased domestic production and our friends in Canada. Lifting the ban has allowed us to be in competition with the two highest producing crude oil countries in the world, Saudi Arabia and Russia. According to the International Energy Agency, this year, the United States is expected to surpass Saudi Arabia and rival Russia as the world’s leading producer of crude oil. This comes as Germany is working with Russia on a pipeline that will deliver more than 50 billion cubic meters of natural gas from Russia to Germany. During the recent NATO summit in Brussels, President Trump was right to strategically question Germany’s further reliance on Russia’s natural gas. Our liquefied natural gas and oil delivered to the Adriatic, North Sea, and Baltic seaports offer our allies in Europe strategic diversification both from OPEC and from Russian dominance for our friends in Western and Central Europe, their consumers, and their industries. Mr. Speaker, America is better off. I commend President Trump for raising this important issue on his recent trip to Europe, and I am proud of our work in Congress to enhance America’s global energy leadership. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a good friend and a key figure in education and communication sciences in Arkansas, Dr. Dan Tullos. Dr. Tullos recently retired from Harding University, where he served since 1979 as a professor, program director, and chair of the Communication Sciences and Disorders Department. Under his guidance, the communication sciences and disorders program has grown from a major offered under the oversight of the Department of Communication to a separate department with two undergraduate majors and a graduate program. Throughout his career, Dan has been honored by his colleagues, students, and industry leaders with welldeserved recognition and awards. Most notably, he was the 2015 recipient of the Frank R. Kleffner award, which recognizes an individual’s outstanding contributions to communications. For his devotion to youth development, education, scouting, and a better world that has improved the lives of countless individuals across Arkansas and the globe, I congratulate Dr. Tullos on his great career and his retirement. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor an outstanding leader who has transformed the realm of nonprofits in Arkansas, Pat Downs of the United Way of White County. Pat retired earlier this year as the executive director of the organization after 29 years of service. Her selflessness, passion, and work ethic inspire all who collaborate with her in White County, around the community, and in the workplace. Helping raise more than $11 million for associated agencies, Pat’s decades of leadership had an indelible impact on central Arkansas. I thank Pat for her outstanding service to the United Way and send best wishes for her future endeavors. f 
SOCIALIST POLICIES SABOTAGE VENEZUELA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ) for 3 minutes. Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Mr. Speaker, the United States was founded on the fundamental principles of individual liberty and that all are created equal. As the late President Reagan once said: ‘‘Freedom is never more than one generation away from extinction.’’ We see this sad truth in nations around the world. So many live under the dark shadow of oppression. They are called captive nations. I was recently introduced to a young man with big dreams named Tito. He is from Venezuela, and he is currently pursuing his master’s at Washington State University. Life is tough in Venezuela, and it became very difficult for him when he was going through a routine checkup and found that his white cell blood count was too high. Unfortunately, he wasn’t properly diagnosed because the healthcare system is woefully inadequate. Even help had been denied. It wasn’t until he was able to fly to Houston to have a bone marrow test and was diagnosed with leukemia that he got the help that he needed. Once, Venezuela was not only the richest country in South America, it was one of the top 20 richest countries in the world. Today, it is one of the most economically oppressed. The IMF is reporting that inflation could top 1 million percent by year’s end. Chavez and Maduro have managed to sabotage this once vibrant and prosperous democracy with socialist policies, corruption, and authoritarian rule. Chavez once said that he was ‘‘convinced that the path to a new, better, and possible world is not capitalism. The path is socialism.’’ Today, in that new world, the government is telling its citizens to eat their own pets, lest they starve to death. What was once a vibrant cultural center and top tourist destination is the crime capital of the world. The average citizen has lost 20 pounds. Instead of a better world, there is a refugee crisis, and millions are fleeing to neighboring countries. The promises never materialized, and the people are suffering, people like Tito. Maduro’s stubborn pursuit of socialism is hurting millions. Of course, Maduro would not be able to cling to power were it not for Cuban support. And then you have other countries like Nicaragua ruled by the tyrant Daniel Ortega, where we have seen the elimination of the freedom of press and suppression of habeas corpus rights. We, as Americans, must stand in solidarity with people who long to be free. We must support legislation like the Venezuelan Humanitarian Assistance and Defense of Democratic Governance Act that passed the House overwhelmingly last year. We must have a strategy to help the people of Venezuela. We must do more to ensure that authoritarian regimes do not have the financial capacity to keep oppressing their people. This story has been repeated throughout history where socialist leaders rise to power, offering promises that are never kept. The people suffer. It is a reminder of why America is so unique. The fruits of our labor belong to us, we the people, not the government. That is why freedom is so important. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 2278. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to provide grants to improve health care in rural areas. S. 2779. An act to amend the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001. f 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 36 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CURTIS ) at noon. 
PRAYER Right Reverend Bishop Irinej Dobrijevic, Serbian Orthodox Diocese of Eastern America, New Rochelle, New York, offered the following prayer: Lord God Almighty, God of justice, we offer You our sincere thanksgiving and heartfelt prayer for and with those whom You have graciously vested in governance of these United States of America. Enable the Members of the House of Representatives, elected by the people and for the people, to present equitably the diverse interests of our citizens and those from the expanse of the world who reside, labor, and study here. 
Guide those who deliberate and legislate on our collective behalf in the spirit of unity, openness, and understanding. Allow their hearts ever to be open to the resounding cry of those who earnestly pledge indivisible liberty and justice for all. May they be enlightened by Your precepts and motivated in their altruistic service to our Nation and its people. Bless and preserve them and us, Lord. This we pray in Christ Jesus, through the holy spirit. Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. BISHOP ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. BISHOP of Michigan led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING BISHOP IRINEJ DOBRIJEVIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I want to express my appreciation to Bishop Irinej of the Serbian Orthodox Church for coming to lead the opening prayer on this special day. Mr. Speaker, 100 years ago, July 28, President Wilson declared a national day of prayer for the Serbian people and their fight during World War I. Bishop Irinej has a long career of service, both to God and the church, as well as the Serbian American community. His work has taken him around the world. Formerly, he was a bishop of Australia and New Zealand, and before that, he spent years serving the church in Serbia. For most of his career, he has been a dedicated educator, teaching at Loyola University in Chicago and as a member of the orthodox church’s theological faculty in Belgrade. Perhaps most notably today is his work to improve the ties between the Serbian diaspora and the Serbian state. Bishop Irinej plays an important role in bringing us all together with God’s love. It was my honor to invite him to share his faith with us today. Thank you, Bishop Irinej, for that prayer, and may God bless Serbia and the United States of America. And that is just the way it is. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, since 1987, the number of pilots in the United States has decreased by 30 percent. Demand for pilots is up and the supply of trained pilots is down. Throughout the aviation industry, there is a desperate need for trained aviation employees. One way we can help end the shortage is to create paths for minority training. African Americans are significantly underrepresented in the aviation industry. They represent only 9 percent of airline mechanics and service technicians, 2 percent of aircraft pilots and flight engineers, and 12 percent of air traffic controllers. Creating opportunities to diversify the aviation field will help the critical shortage of pilots and aviation employees. Soon, I will be introducing a bill to establish an African American advisory board within the FAA. The advisory board will engage African American students through aviation training, mentorship, education, and outreach programs. I urge my colleagues to join me in my effort to decrease our Nation’s pilot shortage by tapping into an underutilized population and creating a more inclusive aviation industry. f 
HONORING ROSARIA MARTINICO (Mr. BISHOP of Michigan asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor a remarkable constituent from Rochester Hills, Michigan, Rosaria ‘‘Sara’’ Martinico. She joined so many other brave women to help the war efforts during World War II as one of the original Rosie the Riveters. She served the country by working on B–17 bombers for a good portion of the war. Last Sunday, Mrs. Martinico reached a milestone. Born in 1910, during the William Howard Taft Presidency, she celebrated her 108th birthday in Rochester Hills alongside her 2 daughters, 8 grandkids, 18 greatgrandkids, and 12 greatgreatgrandchildren. That is five generations of family. Mr. Speaker, I am privileged to represent such an outstanding and honorable person, and I would like to wish Mrs. Martinico a very happy 108th birthday and thank her for her outstanding service as the original Rosie the Riveter. 
AFRICAN AMERICAN VETERANS MONUMENT (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the work of a committee in western New York dedicated to constructing the only monument in the Nation honoring African Americans who served in the United States military during times of war. This longoverdue tribute acknowledges the selfless sacrifice of our veterans, many of whom served our Nation while being denied equal rights at home. The African American Veterans Monument, to be located in the Buffalo and Erie County Military Park, will feature 12 illuminated black pillars, representing U.S. military conflicts, and is designed to give visitors an experience that is reflective, educational, and inspirational. The monument is being designed by a local, young, talented artist, Jonathan Casey. I have asked the Smithsonian National Museum of African American History and Culture to collaborate with local project leaders on this first intheNation African American Veterans Memorial. Mr. Speaker, I commend the veterans, the artist, and New York State 
Assemblywoman Crystal Peoples Stokes, who have dedicated themselves to making this monument a reality. It is a longoverdue recognition of those who served proudly and courageously. 
AMERICANS ARE BETTER OFF (Mr. WALBERG asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, as I travel Michigan’s Seventh District, from neighborhood stores to the factory floor, there is a renewed sense of optimism. Folks I hear from feel safer and more secure about the future. The economy is thriving thanks to progrowth policies like tax cuts and regulatory reform. Businesses are hiring, and there are more job openings than job seekers, and workers and families are seeing bigger paychecks and more takehome pay. It is not just our economy that is getting stronger; our military is as well. We are taking care of our troops, raising their pay, and reforming the VA to help our veterans. We have also taken significant steps to combat the opioid epidemic, crack down on human trafficking, and make our communities safer. Is there more work to do? Absolutely. Our focus will remain on helping to improve people’s lives and making it easier for them to get ahead. The results so far are clear: Americans are better off now. 
HONORING JOHN A. PALUMBO (Mr. BARR asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of a special man, Mr. John A. Palumbo, from Lexington, Kentucky, who passed away earlier this month at the age of 97. Mr. Palumbo was born in 1921 in Schenectady, New York. As a youth, he was a boxer, winning a Golden Glove, and then moved to Lexington to attend the University of Kentucky. During his time as a student, World War II was raging, and Mr. Palumbo volunteered for the United States Army Infantry 1st Division. Following basic training, he was sent to England to train for the Dday invasion. He landed on Omaha Beach at H hour plus 58 minutes, actually swimming ashore when his landing boat received a direct hit and sank. He fought across Europe and received many citations for his brave service, including the World War II Victory Medal and the Bronze Star. After the war, Mr. Palumbo returned to Lexington, finished his education, married Nancyetta, and earned a law degree from the University of Kentucky. He worked for years in the lumber business and, as a Lexington developer, contributed greatly to the city of Lexington. He was well respected in the business community and was active in several civic organizations. Mr. Palumbo and his fellow veterans are true heroes. As members of the Greatest Generation, they willingly served to protect the freedoms we enjoy today. I am humbled to honor the life of an American hero, Mr. John A. Palumbo, before the United States Congress, and I extend my deepest condolences to his family during this time. f 
SERBIAU.S. RELATIONS (Mr. STIVERS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. STIVERS. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Bishop Irinej, from the Serbian Orthodox Church, for offering today’s prayer. We are at the 100year anniversary of when President Woodrow Wilson raised the Serbian flag in a show of support for the Serbian people. That symbolic act of solidarity is remembered today, and I think it is really important. Since 2006, my home State of Ohio has worked closely with the Serbian Armed Forces through the Ohio National Guard State Partnership Program. Soldiers from the Ohio National Guard and the Serbian Defense Forces have worked together on deployments and training. We have also worked together to construct schools, carry out humanitarian missions, and provide healthcare. On this anniversary of the U.S.Serbia cooperation, I look forward to another 100 years of friendship with Serbia, and Ohio stands ready to lead the way. 
SUPPORTING THE BLADENSBURG WORLD WAR I MEMORIAL (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of an amicus brief filed by our majority whip, STEVE SCALISE, in defense of the Bladensburg World War I Memorial in Prince George’s County. The 93yearold memorial honoring fallen soldiers has recently come under attack simply for being shaped like a cross. The Fourth Circuit Court of Appeals ruled the memorial unconstitutional because of the inherent meaning of the cross as a religious symbol. What kind of world do we live in where a monument to honor fallen soldiers of World War I—93 years old—is being threatened because of its shape or religious meaning? What is more, this is a clear violation of the Establishment Clause, which has been litigated. It could only be described as hostility towards religion, not neutrality. What is next, Arlington National Cemetery? the U.S. Capitol? or countless other national monuments, historic sites, or traditions? The Supreme Court has a chance to reverse this decision. I urge them to set precedent that will protect America’s historic monuments in perpetuity. f 
b1215 NEW MEXICO UNEMPLOYMENT RATE DOWN (Mr. PEARCE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PEARCE. Mr. Speaker, in June, New Mexico’s unemployment rate ticked down to 4.9 percent. This is the first time the State’s unemployment rate has gone below 5 percent since September of 2008. And just for perspective, one year ago, in 2017, the unemployment was at 6.1 percent. When we passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs bill, New Mexico didn’t immediately feel the results, but now people are being filled with confidence, businesses are hiring, they are expanding, and people are going back to work. But an even more remarkable development was the right to export our oil. Two counties in New Mexico are driving a surplus that is causing America to extend above and beyond where Saudi Arabia is currently producing. We are on track to become number one. That is after decades of saying that we had reached peak oil in the country. When we release the ingenuity of the American worker, America can compete with anyone. These things are happening. America is better off today because of what we have done here in Congress as the Republicans. 
CONDEMNING VIOLENCE BY THE GOVERNMENT OF NICARAGUA (Mr. BUDD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BUDD. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of the resolution we are voting on this afternoon, condemning the violence committed by the government of Nicaragua against it own citizens. I met with Brenda Lancaster and her husband last week in my office. She is a constituent of mine who started an organization called ZMI Family Ministries International, and they have planted ministries in five different countries, one of those countries being Nicaragua. Mr. Speaker, Brenda has received hundreds of calls and messages from people affiliated with her ministry down there confirming the severity of the situation. She has seen pictures and videos that she wishes no one would ever have to see. Luke 9:57 in the Scriptures recounts a man speaking to Jesus saying: ‘‘I will follow you wherever you go.’’ Brenda 
didn’t think that she would start a ministry in Nicaragua, but that is where God led her. And now people who work and volunteer fear for their lives down there. America has always been at the forefront of fighting human rights abuses around the world. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to do everything in my power to bring awareness to this pressing issue. 
CONGRATULATING TEACH FOR AMERICA FELLOWS (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the participants of the 2017 Teach for America Capitol Hill Fellows Program. Soon, many fellows will conclude their yearlong placement with committees and Member offices throughout the House and the Senate. The fellowship offers insights into the legislative process with a focus on professional development, mentorship, and networking opportunities. I have had the pleasure of hosting Paul Camacho, an educator from Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, as a part of my staff. Prior to his fellowship, Paul taught for 6 years in Philadelphia and 2 years in Chula Vista, California. Before becoming a teacher, Paul spent 8 years in the Marine Corps where he traveled extensively and learned important leadership skills. Paul has been a valuable member of my team, and I am grateful for his service. I wish Paul and his family the best as they start their next chapter. Mr. Speaker, I commend all of the 2017 Teach for America Capitol Hill Fellows for taking a year to immerse themselves in public policy and the workings of the legislative branch. I encourage my colleagues to explore what this tremendous program has to offer to their offices. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, to begin, I thank Representative HIGGINS for his hard work on this legislation, and I support H.R. 5693, as amended. This bipartisan legislation is a forwardthinking first step toward better aligning VA’s longterm care options with veteran preferences. Medical foster homes are a solution for veterans that may not be comfortable in a traditional institutional setting, such as a nursing home, yet still need some form of daily assistance and care. These homes provide caregiving services in a group setting for veterans that lack access to caregiving services at home. By allowing VA to cover the cost of medical foster homes, VA will be able to ensure veterans are achieving the most appropriate level of care in the most appropriate setting. The care delivered at medical foster homes is less intensive; therefore, less expensive. Additionally, the sense of community and the familiar homelike setting can promote a veteran’s physical and mental health. Again, I appreciate my colleague’s hard work on this legislation and look forward to voting in favor of the bill. I congratulate the gentleman from Louisiana’s hard work. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS ), an active member of the VA committee and one of the primary sponsors of this, an Army veteran, and reserve police officer. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5693, the LongTerm Care Veterans Choice Act. My bill would authorize the Department of Veterans Affairs for 3 years to cover the cost of longterm care at medical foster homes for up to 900 veterans at a time who are otherwise eligible for nursing home care through the VA. Medical foster homes are private homes in which a caregiver provides services to a smaller group of individuals who are unable to live without daytoday assistance. Medical foster homes are an alternative to nursing homes for those who require care but prefer a noninstitutional setting with fewer residents. For many younger veterans in need of roundtheclock care, medical foster homes can provide a more ageappropriate independent setting than traditional nursing homes. The VA has operated its medical foster home initiative for nearly 20 years, and currently oversees more than 700 licensed caregivers assisting nearly 1,000 veterans across 42 States. Unfortunately, Mr. Speaker, while the VA will cover the cost of home based primary care for eligible veterans living in medical foster homes, the VA does not cover the cost of medical foster home living arrangements for veterans eligible for nursing home care through the VA. The reforms in my bill increase access to medical foster homes and represent a significant cost savings for the Department of Veterans Affairs. There should be no onesizefitsall standard of care for veterans. Veterans should be afforded flexibility to use the benefits they righteously earned in a manner that best suits their individual needs, which is why the VA, American Legion, and many other veteran service organizations have offered their support for this language. Further, the bill refocuses the administrative bodies of the VA to better prioritize programs like the GI bill, vocational rehabilitation, home loan benefits, and transition assistance programs that create economic opportunities for veterans. This allows existing veterans’ health benefits and National Cemetery Administration to better focus on providing healthcare and cemetery services. This critical refocus will improve oversight and veterans access to important services like the medical foster home program that give much needed choice and personal dignity back to the brave men and women who have sacrificed so much for our Nation. Mr. Speaker, this bill reflects the compassion of the American citizenry in our dedication to serve the veterans who have served us. Please join me in supporting our servicemen and women by voting in support of H.R. 5693, the LongTerm Care Veterans Choice Act. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ), a member of the House Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, and let it also be known that prior to his coming to Congress, he chaired a veterans committee in the California State Legislature. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 5693, the Long Term Care Veterans Choice Act. This bipartisan legislation will expand veterans’ access to medical foster homes, an alternative to nursing home care, by allowing the Department of Veterans Affairs to cover such care for up to 900 veterans every year. b1230 The Medical Foster Homes program allows eligible veterans who require daytoday assistance to live in private homes with trained caregivers who provide aroundtheclock care and the services needed to help these veterans with their daily tasks, such as getting dressed. The program requires that caregivers be licensed and involved in frequent inspections by the VA. Most importantly, the Medical Foster Homes program provides aging veterans the option to live in a private setting that may feel more like a home than a nursing institution. Additionally, the amended bill creates a fourth administration within the VA, headed by a new Under Secretary, to administer the educational and employment benefits currently managed by the Veterans Benefits Administration. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of H.R. 5693. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ), my good friend, who has been an active member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and chairs the Subcommittee on Health. I appreciate his leadership on this bill. Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the LongTerm Care Veterans Choice Act, legislation that contains the text of my bill, the VET OPP Act. The VET OPP Act continues our effort to invest in our troops from the day they take their oath of service to when they begin their civilian careers. Part of our commitment to our men and women in uniform is helping them reintegrate back into civilian life. We can ease this transition by prioritizing programs that help them find meaningful employment or educational opportunities when they return home. For too long, the outdated structure of the VA has allowed economic opportunity and transition programs for our veterans to fall by the wayside. H.R. 5693 will change that. With the inclusion of the VET OPP Act, it prioritizes veteran employment and education programs at the VA by utilizing existing resources to place educational, employment, and transition programs together in a fourth administration within the VA. This will promote transparency and oversight, while placing greater priority on opportunitybased programs within the VA. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5693. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in passing H.R. 5693, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, this is commonsense legislation that will allow veterans in certain circumstances to stay in a less intense nursing home facility. We hear this all the time: ‘‘I don’t want to go to a nursing home.’’ This will allow veterans who have earned these benefits to reside outside there. It is much less expensive for the VA, and it is also much 
better for the veteran if they can do this. A second part of this bill, which is to create the fourth administration, is not more bureaucracy, but to focus on the education benefits and transition as ActiveDuty military leave and enter civilian life again. I think it is one of the most critical things we do. A seamless transition from Active Duty to an active job, I think, will help reduce veteran depression, suicide, dependence, and other things. That is why we wanted to do this. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5693, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. EMMER ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5693, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
STRENGTHENING CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION FOR THE 21ST CENTURY ACT Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 2353) to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act’’. 
The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. Sec. 4. Effective date. Sec. 5. Table of contents of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006. Sec. 6. Purpose. Sec. 7. Definitions. Sec. 8. Transition provisions. Sec. 9. Prohibitions. Sec. 10. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE I—CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION ASSISTANCE TO THE STATES PART A—ALLOTMENT AND ALLOCATION  Sec. 110. Reservations and State allotment Sec. 111. Within State allocation. Sec. 112. Accountability. Sec. 113. National activities. Sec. 114. Assistance for the outlying areas. Sec. 115. Native American Programs. Sec. 116. Tribally controlled postsecondary career and technical institutions. Sec. 117. Occupational and employment information. PART B—STATE PROVISIONS  Sec. 121. State administration. Sec. 122. State plan. Sec. 123. Improvement plans. Sec. 124. State leadership activities. PART C—LOCAL PROVISIONS  Sec. 131. Distribution of funds to secondary education programs. Sec. 132. Special rules for career and technical education. Sec. 133. Local application for career and technical education programs. Sec. 134. Local uses of funds. TITLE II—GENERAL PROVISIONS Sec. 201. Federal and State administrative provisions. TITLE III—AMENDMENTS TO OTHER LAWS Sec. 301. Amendments to the WagnerPeyser Act. Sec. 302. Amendments to the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. Sec. 303. Amendment to the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act. 
Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.). 
This Act, and the amendments made by this Act, shall take effect beginning on July 1, 2019. 
SEC. 5. TABLE OF CONTENTS OF THE CARL D. PERKINS CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION ACT OF 2006. 
Section 1(b) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: ‘‘Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. ‘‘Sec. 2. Purpose. ‘‘Sec. 3. Definitions. ‘‘Sec. 4. Transition provisions. ‘‘Sec. 5. Privacy. ‘‘Sec. 6. Limitation. ‘‘Sec. 7. Special rule. ‘‘Sec. 8. Prohibitions. ‘‘Sec. 9. Authorization of appropriations. ‘‘TITLE I—CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION ASSISTANCE TO THE STATES ‘‘PARTA—A LLOTMENT AND ALLOCATION  ‘‘Sec. 111. Reservations and State allotment. ‘‘Sec. 112. Within State allocation. ‘‘Sec. 113. Accountability. ‘‘Sec. 114. National activities. ‘‘Sec. 115. Assistance for the outlying areas. ‘‘Sec. 116. Native American programs. ‘‘Sec. 117. Tribally controlled postsecondary career and technical institutions. ‘‘PARTB—S TATE PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. 121. State administration. ‘‘Sec. 122. State plan. ‘‘Sec. 123. Improvement plans. ‘‘Sec. 124. State leadership activities. ‘‘PARTC—L OCAL PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. 131. Distribution of funds to secondary education programs. ‘‘Sec. 132. Distribution of funds for postsecondary education programs. ‘‘Sec. 133. Special rules for career and technical education. ‘‘Sec. 134. Local application for career and technical education programs. ‘‘Sec. 135. Local uses of funds. ‘‘TITLE II—GENERAL PROVISIONS ‘‘PARTA—F EDERAL ADMINISTRATIVE  PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. 211. Fiscal requirements. ‘‘Sec. 212. Authority to make payments. ‘‘Sec. 213. Construction. ‘‘Sec. 214. Voluntary selection and participation. ‘‘Sec. 215. Limitation for certain students. ‘‘Sec. 216. Federal laws guaranteeing civil rights. ‘‘Sec. 217. Participation of private school personnel and children. ‘‘Sec. 218. Limitation on Federal regulations. ‘‘Sec. 219. Study on programs of study aligned to highskill, highwage occupations. ‘‘PARTB—S TATE ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  ‘‘Sec. 221. Joint funding. ‘‘Sec. 222. Prohibition on use of funds to induce outofState relocation of businesses. ‘‘Sec. 223. State administrative costs. ‘‘Sec. 224. Student assistance and other Federal programs.’’. 
Section 2 (20 U.S.C. 2301) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘academic and career and technical skills’’ and inserting ‘‘academic knowledge and technical and employability skills’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and programs of study’’ after ‘‘technical education programs’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘high demand occupations’’ and inserting ‘‘indemand occupations’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘, including tech prep education’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and programs of study’’ after ‘‘technical education programs’’; (5) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (6) in paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) increasing the employment opportunities for populations who are chronically unemployed or underemployed, including individuals with disabilities, individuals from economically disadvantaged families, outofworkforce individuals, youth who are in, or have aged out of, the foster care system, and homeless individuals.’’. 
Section 3 (20 U.S.C. 2302) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (10), (16), (23), (24), (25), (26), and (32); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (8), (9), (11), (12), (13), (14), (15), (17), (18), (19), (20), (21), (22), (27), (28), (29), (30), (31), (33), and (34) as paragraphs (9), (10), (17), (18), (20), (21), (24), (28), (30), (31), (33), (34), (39), (44), (45), (48), (49), (50), (51), and (52), respectively; (3) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘, including information as described in section 118’’. (4) in paragraph (3)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘5 different occupational fields to individuals who are available for study in preparation for entering the labor market’’ and inserting ‘‘3 different fields that are available to all students, especially in highskill, highwage, or indemand industry sectors or occupations’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘not fewer than 5 different occupational fields’’ and inserting ‘‘not fewer than 3 different occupational fields’’; (5) in paragraph (5)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by amending clause (i) to read as follows: ‘‘(i) provides individuals with rigorous academic content and relevant technical knowledge and skills needed to prepare for further education and careers in current or emerging professions, which may include highskill, high wage, or indemand industry sectors or occupations, which shall be, at the secondary level, aligned with the challenging State academic standards adopted by a State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965;’’; (ii) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘, an industry recognized credential, a certificate, or an associate degree’’ and inserting ‘‘or a recognized postsecondary credential, which may include an industryrecognized credential, a certificate, or an associate degree’’; and 
(iii) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, workbased, or other’’ after ‘‘competencybased’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘contributes to the’’ and inserting ‘‘supports the development of’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘general’’; and (iv) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) to the extent practicable, coordinate between secondary and postsecondary education programs through programs of study, which may include coordination through articulation agreements, early college high school programs, dual or concurrent enrollment program opportunities, or other credit transfer agreements that provide postsecondary credit or advanced standing; and ‘‘(D) may include career exploration at the high school level or as early as the middle grades (as such term is defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965).’’; (6) in paragraph (7)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘(and parents, as appropriate)’’ and inserting ‘‘(and, as appropriate, parents and outofschool youth)’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘exploration opportunities’’ after ‘‘regarding career awareness’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by inserting ‘‘to students (and, as appropriate, parents and outofschool youth)’’ after ‘‘provides information’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘financial aid,’’ and all that follows through the end of the subparagraph and inserting ‘‘financial aid, job training, secondary and postsecondary options (including associate and baccalaureate degree programs), dual or concurrent enrollment programs, work based learning opportunities, early college high schools, financial literacy, and support services, as appropriate; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) may provide assistance for special populations with respect to direct support services that enable students to persist in and complete career and technical education, programs of study, or career pathways.’’; (7) by inserting after paragraph (7) the following: ‘‘(8) CAREER PATHWAYS .—The term ‘career pathways’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102).’’; (8) by inserting after paragraph (10) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(11) CREDIT TRANSFER AGREEMENT .—The term ‘credit transfer agreement’ means a formal agreement, such as an articulation agreement, among and between secondary and postsecondary education institutions or systems that grant students transcripted postsecondary credit, which may include credit granted to students in dual or concurrent enrollment programs or early college high school, dual credit, articulated credit, and credit granted on the basis of performance on technical or academic assessments. ‘‘(12) CTE 
CONCENTRATOR .—The term ‘CTE concentrator’ means— ‘‘(A) at the secondary school level, a student served by an eligible recipient who has completed at least 2 courses in a single career and technical education program or program of study; and ‘‘(B) at the postsecondary level, a student enrolled in an eligible recipient who has— ‘‘(i) earned at least 12 credits within a career and technical education program or program of study; or ‘‘(ii) completed such a program if the program encompasses fewer than 12 credits or the equivalent in total. ‘‘(13) CTE 
PARTICIPANT .—The term ‘CTE participant’ means an individual who completes not less than one course in a career and technical education program or program of study of an eligible recipient. ‘‘(14) DIRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences. ‘‘(15) DUAL OR CONCURRENT ENROLLMENT PRO GRAM .—The term ‘dual or concurrent enrollment program’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(16) EARLY COLLEGE HIGH SCHOOL .—The term ‘early college high school’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’; (9) by inserting after paragraph (18) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(19) ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a consortium that includes the following: ‘‘(A) Representatives of not less than 2 of the following categories of entities, 1 of which shall serve as the fiscal agent for the consortium: ‘‘(i) A local educational agency or a consortium of such agencies. ‘‘(ii) An educational service agency serving secondary school students. ‘‘(iii) An area career and technical education school or a consortium of such schools. ‘‘(iv) An Indian Tribe, Tribal organization, or Tribal educational agency. ‘‘(v) An institution of higher education whose most common degree awarded is an associate degree, or a consortium of such institutions. ‘‘(vi) An institution of higher education whose most common degree awarded is a bachelor’s or higher degree, or a consortium of such institutions. ‘‘(vii) A State educational agency. ‘‘(B) One or more business or industry representative partners, which may include representatives of local or regional businesses or industries, including industry or sector partnerships in the local area, local workforce development boards, or labor organizations. ‘‘(C) One or more stakeholders, which may include— ‘‘(i) parents and students; ‘‘(ii) representatives of local agencies serving outofschool youth, homeless children and youth, and atrisk youth (as defined in section 1432 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6472)); ‘‘(iii) representatives of Indian tribes and Tribal organizations, where applicable; ‘‘(iv) representatives of minorityserving institutions (as described in paragraphs (1) through (7) of section 371(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q(a)), where applicable; ‘‘(v) representatives of special populations; ‘‘(vi) representatives of adult career and technical education providers; or ‘‘(vii) other relevant community stakeholders.’’; (10) by amending paragraph (20) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)) to read as follows: ‘‘(20) ELIGIBLE INSTITUTION .—The term ‘eligible institution’ means— ‘‘(A) a consortium of 2 or more of the entities described in subparagraphs (B) through (F); ‘‘(B) a public or nonprofit private institution of higher education that offers and will use funds provided under this title in support of career and technical education courses that lead to technical skill proficiency or a recognized postsecondary credential, including an industryrecognized credential, a certificate, or an associate degree; ‘‘(C) a local educational agency providing education at the postsecondary level; ‘‘(D) an area career and technical education school providing education at the postsecondary level; ‘‘(E) an Indian Tribe, Tribal organization, or Tribal education agency that operates a school or may be present in the State; ‘‘(F) a postsecondary educational institution controlled by the Bureau of Indian Education or operated by or on behalf of any Indian Tribe that is eligible to contract with the Secretary of the Interior for the administration of programs under the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) or the Act of April 16, 1934 (25 U.S.C. 5342 et seq.); ‘‘(G) a tribally controlled college or university; or ‘‘(H) an educational service agency.’’; (11) in paragraph (21) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)), by inserting ‘‘an Indian Tribe, Tribal organization, or Tribal educational agency’’ after ‘‘service agency,’’; (12) by inserting after paragraph (21) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(22) ENGLISH LEARNER .—The term ‘English learner’ means— ‘‘(A) a secondary school student who is an English learner, as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; or ‘‘(B) an adult or an outofschool youth who has limited ability in speaking, reading, writing, or understanding the English language and— ‘‘(i) whose native language is a language other than English; or ‘‘(ii) who lives in a family environment or community in which a language other than English is the dominant language. ‘‘(23) EVIDENCE BASED .—The term ‘evidence based’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101(21)(A) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’; (13) by inserting after paragraph (24) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(25) HIGH SCHOOL .—The term ‘high school’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(26) INDEMAND INDUSTRY SECTOR OR OCCU PATION .—The term ‘indemand industry sector or occupation’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102). ‘‘(27) INDIAN ; INDIAN TRIBE .—The terms ‘Indian’ and ‘Indian Tribe’ have the meanings given the terms ‘Indian’ and ‘Indian tribe’, respectively, in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304).’’; (14) by inserting after paragraph (28) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(29) INDUSTRY OR SECTOR PARTNERSHIP .—The term ‘industry or sector partnership’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102).’’; (15) by inserting after paragraph (31) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(32) LOCAL WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT  
BOARD .—The term ‘local workforce development board’ means a local workforce development board established under section 107 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3122).’’; (16) in paragraph (33) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)), by striking ‘‘including’’ and inserting ‘‘such as’’; (17) by inserting after paragraph (34) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(35) OUTOFSCHOOL YOUTH .—The term ‘out ofschool youth’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102). ‘‘(36) OUTOFWORKFORCE INDIVIDUAL .—The term ‘outofworkforce individual’ means— ‘‘(A) an individual who is a displaced homemaker, as defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102); or ‘‘(B) an individual who— ‘‘(i)(I) has worked primarily without remuneration to care for a home and family, and for that reason has diminished marketable skills; or ‘‘(II) is a parent whose youngest dependent child will become ineligible to receive assistance under part A of title IV of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) not later than 2 years 
after the date on which the parent applies for assistance under such title; and ‘‘(ii) is unemployed or underemployed and is experiencing difficulty in obtaining or upgrading employment. ‘‘(37) PARAPROFESSIONAL .—The term ‘paraprofessional’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(38) PAY FOR SUCCESS INITIATIVE .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), the term ‘pay for success initiative’ means a performancebased grant, contract, or cooperative agreement awarded by a State or local public entity (such as a local educational agency) to a public or private nonprofit entity— ‘‘(i) in which a commitment is made to pay for improved outcomes that result in increased public value and social benefit to students and the public sector, such as improved student outcomes as evidenced by the indicators of performance described in section 113(b)(2) and direct cost savings or cost avoidance to the public sector; and ‘‘(ii) that includes— ‘‘(I) a feasibility study on the initiative describing how the proposed intervention is based on evidence of effectiveness; ‘‘(II) a rigorous, thirdparty evaluation that uses experimental or quasiexperimental design or other research methodologies that allow for the strongest possible causal inferences to determine whether the initiative has met its proposed outcomes; ‘‘(III) an annual, publicly available report on the progress of the initiative; and ‘‘(IV) a requirement that payments are made to the recipient of a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement only when agreed upon outcomes are achieved, except that the entity may make payments to the third party conducting the evaluation described in subclause (II). ‘‘(B) EXCLUSION .—The term ‘pay for success initiative’ does not include any initiative that— ‘‘(i) reduces the special education or related services that a student would otherwise receive under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; or ‘‘(ii) otherwise reduces the rights of a student or the obligations of an entity under the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.), the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12101 et seq.), or any other law.’’. (18) in paragraph (39)(C) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)), by striking ‘‘apprenticeship’’ and inserting ‘‘other skilled training’’; (19) by inserting after paragraph (39) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(40) PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT .—The term ‘professional development’ means activities that— ‘‘(A) are an integral part of eligible agency, eligible recipient, institution, or school strategies for providing educators (including teachers, principals, other school leaders, administrators, specialized instructional support personnel, career guidance and academic counselors, and paraprofessionals) with the knowledge and skills necessary to enable students to succeed in career and technical education, to meet challenging State academic standards under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act, or to achieve academic skills at the postsecondary level; and ‘‘(B) are sustained (not standalone, 1day, or shortterm workshops), intensive, collaborative, jobembedded, datadriven, and classroomfocused, to the extent practicable evidencebased, and may include activities that— ‘‘(i) improve and increase educators’— ‘‘(I) knowledge of the academic and technical subjects; ‘‘(II) understanding of how students learn; and ‘‘(III) ability to analyze student work and achievement from multiple sources, including how to adjust instructional strategies, assessments, and materials based on such analysis; ‘‘(ii) are an integral part of eligible recipients’ improvement plans; ‘‘(iii) allow personalized plans for each educator to address the educator’s specific needs identified in observation or other feedback; ‘‘(iv) support the recruitment, hiring, and training of effective educators, including educators who became certified through State and local alternative routes to certification; ‘‘(v) advance educator understanding of— ‘‘(I) effective instructional strategies that are evidencebased; and ‘‘(II) strategies for improving student academic and technical achievement or substantially increasing the knowledge and teaching skills of educators; ‘‘(vi) are developed with extensive participation of educators, parents, students, and representatives of Indian Tribes (as applicable), of schools and institutions served under this Act; ‘‘(vii) are designed to give educators of students who are English learners in career and technical education programs or programs of study the knowledge and skills to provide instruction and appropriate language and academic support services to those students, including the appropriate use of curricula and assessments; ‘‘(viii) as a whole, are regularly evaluated for their impact on increased educator effectiveness and improved student academic and technical achievement, with the findings of the evaluations used to improve the quality of professional development; ‘‘(ix) are designed to give educators of individuals with disabilities in career and technical education programs or programs of study the knowledge and skills to provide instruction and academic support services to those individuals, including positive behavioral interventions and supports, multitier system of supports, and use of accommodations; ‘‘(x) include instruction in the use of data and assessments to inform and instruct classroom practice; ‘‘(xi) include instruction in ways that educators may work more effectively with parents and families; ‘‘(xii) provide followup training to educators who have participated in activities described in this paragraph that are designed to ensure that the knowledge and skills learned by the educators are implemented in the classroom; ‘‘(xiii) promote the integration of academic knowledge and skills and relevant technical knowledge and skills, including programming jointly delivered to academic and career and technical education teachers; or ‘‘(xiv) increase the ability of educators providing career and technical education instruction to stay current with industry standards. ‘‘(41) PROGRAM OF STUDY .—The term ‘program of study’ means a coordinated, nonduplicative sequence of academic and technical content at the secondary and postsecondary level that— ‘‘(A) incorporates challenging State academic standards, including those adopted by a State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; ‘‘(B) addresses both academic and technical knowledge and skills, including employability skills; ‘‘(C) is aligned with the needs of industries in the economy of the State, region, Tribal community, or local area; ‘‘(D) progresses in specificity (beginning with all aspects of an industry or career cluster and leading to more occupationspecific instruction); ‘‘(E) has multiple entry and exit points that incorporate credentialing; and ‘‘(F) culminates in the attainment of a recognized postsecondary credential. ‘‘(42) QUALIFIED INTERMEDIARY .—The term ‘qualified intermediary’ means a nonprofit entity, which may be part of an industry or sector partnership, that demonstrates expertise in building, connecting, sustaining, and measuring partnerships with entities such as employers, schools, communitybased organizations, postsecondary institutions, social service organizations, economic development organizations, Indian tribes or Tribal organizations, and workforce systems to broker services, resources, and supports to youth and the organizations and systems that are designed to serve youth, including— ‘‘(A) connecting employers to classrooms; ‘‘(B) assisting in the design and implementation of career and technical education programs and programs of study; ‘‘(C) delivering professional development; ‘‘(D) connecting students to internships and other workbased learning opportunities; and ‘‘(E) developing personalized student supports. ‘‘(43) RECOGNIZED POSTSECONDARY CREDEN TIAL.—The term ‘recognized postsecondary credential’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102).’’; (20) by inserting after paragraph (45) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)) the following: ‘‘(46) SPECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
PERSONNEL .—The term ‘specialized instructional support personnel’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(47) SPECIALIZED INSTRUCTIONAL SUPPORT  
SERVICES .—The term ‘specialized instructional support services’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965.’’; (21) in paragraph (48) (as redesignated by paragraph (2))— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘foster children’’ and inserting ‘‘lowincome youth and adults’’; (B) by striking subparagraph (E) and inserting the following: ‘‘(E) outofworkforce individuals;’’; (C) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘individuals with limited English proficiency.’’ and inserting ‘‘English learners;’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) homeless individuals described in section 725 of the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11434a); ‘‘(H) youth who are in, or have aged out of, the foster care system; and ‘‘(I) youth with a parent who— ‘‘(i) is a member of the armed forces (as such term is defined in section 101(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code); and ‘‘(ii) is on active duty (as such term is defined in section 101(d)(1) of such title).’’; (22) in paragraph (50) (as redesignated by paragraph (2)), by inserting ‘‘(including paraprofessionals and specialized instructional support personnel)’’ after ‘‘supportive personnel’’; (23) in paragraph (52) (as redesignated by paragraph (2))— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Indian tribe or Indian tribes’’ and inserting ‘‘Indian Tribe or Indian Tribes’’; and (B) in subparagraph (D)— (i) by striking ‘‘tribal’’ and inserting ‘‘Tribal’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘or tribal lands’’ after ‘‘reservations’’; and (24) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(53) TRIBAL ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘Tribal organization’ has the meaning given the term ‘tribal organization’ in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304). ‘‘(54) UNIVERSAL DESIGN FOR LEARNING .—The term ‘universal design for learning’ has the meaning given the term in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(55) WORKBASED LEARNING .—The term ‘workbased learning’ means sustained interactions with industry or community professionals in real workplace settings, to the extent practicable, or simulated environments at an educational institution that foster indepth, firsthand engagement with the tasks required in 
a given career field, that are aligned to curriculum and instruction.’’. 
Section 4 (20 U.S.C. 2303) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘the Secretary determines to be appropriate’’ and inserting ‘‘are necessary’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act of 2006’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘1998’’ and inserting ‘‘2006’’. 
Section 8 (20 U.S.C. 2306a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Federal Government to mandate,’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘Federal Government— ‘‘(1) to condition or incentivize the receipt of any grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, or the receipt of any priority or preference under such grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, upon a State, local educational agency, eligible agency, eligible recipient, eligible entity, or school’s adoption or implementation of specific instructional content, academic standards and assessments, curricula, or program of instruction (including any condition, priority, or preference to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative, any other academic standards common to a significant number of States, or any assessment, instructional content, or curriculum aligned to such standards); ‘‘(2) through grants, contracts, or other cooperative agreements, to mandate, direct, or control a State, local educational agency, eligible agency, eligible recipient, eligible entity, or school’s specific instructional content, academic standards and assessments, curricula, or program of instruction (including any requirement, direction, or mandate to adopt the Common Core State Standards developed under the Common Core State Standards Initiative, any other academic standards common to a significant number of States, or any assessment, instructional content, or curriculum aligned to such standards); or ‘‘(3) except as required under sections 112(b), 211(b), and 223— ‘‘(A) to mandate, direct, or control the allocation of State or local resources; or ‘‘(B) to mandate that a State or a political subdivision of a State spend any funds or incur any costs not paid for under this Act.’’; (2) by amending subsection (d) to read as follows: ‘‘(d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section affects the applicability of subchapter II of chapter 5, and chapter 7, of title 5, United States Code, (commonly known as the ‘‘Administrative Procedure Act’’) or chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, commonly known as the ‘‘Congressional Review Act’’).’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) CONGRESSIONAL NOTICE AND COMMENT .— ‘‘(1) NOTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not less than 15 business days prior to issuing a notice of proposed rulemaking related to this Act in the Federal Register, the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives, and other relevant congressional committees, notice of the Secretary’s intent to issue a notice of proposed rulemaking that shall include— ‘‘(A) a copy of the proposed regulation; ‘‘(B) the need to issue the regulation; ‘‘(C) a description of how the regulation is consistent with the scope of this Act; ‘‘(D) the anticipated burden (including the time, cost, and paperwork burden) the regulation will impose on an eligible agency, institution, or recipient that may be impacted by the regulation, including the potential impact on rural areas; ‘‘(E) the anticipated benefits to an eligible agency, institution, or recipient that may be impacted by the regulation, including in rural areas; and ‘‘(F) any regulations that will be repealed when the new regulation is issued. ‘‘(2) COMMENT PERIOD FOR CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) before issuing any notice of proposed rulemaking under this subsection, provide Congress with a comment period of 15 business days to make comments on the proposed regulation, beginning on the date that the Secretary provides the notice of intent to the appropriate committees of Congress under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) include and seek to address all comments submitted by members of Congress in the public rulemaking record for the regulation published in the Federal Register. ‘‘(3) COMMENT AND REVIEW PERIOD ; EMER GENCY SITUATIONS .—The comment and review period for any proposed regulation shall be not less than 60 days unless an emergency requires a shorter period, in which case the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) designate the proposed regulation as an emergency with an explanation of the emergency in the notice to Congress under paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) publish the length of the comment and review period in such notice and in the Federal Register; and ‘‘(C) conduct immediately thereafter regional meetings to review such proposed regulation before issuing any final regulation.’’. 
Section 9 (20 U.S.C. 2307) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act (other than sections 114 and 117)— ‘‘(1) $1,229,568,538 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(2) $1,246,782,498 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(3) $1,264,237,452 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(4) $1,281,936,777 for fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(5) $1,299,883,892 for fiscal year 2023; and ‘‘(6) $1,318,082,266 for fiscal year 2024.’’. TITLE I—CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION ASSISTANCE TO THE STATES PART A—ALLOTMENT AND ALLOCATION 
Section 111 (20 U.S.C. 2321) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) R ESERVATIONS AND STATE ALLOTMENT .— ‘‘(1) RESERVATIONS .—From the amount appropriated under section 9 for each fiscal year, the Secretary shall reserve— ‘‘(A) 0.13 percent to carry out section 115; and ‘‘(B) 1.50 percent to carry out section 116, of which— ‘‘(i) 1.25 percent of the sum shall be available to carry out section 116(b); and ‘‘(ii) 0.25 percent of the sum shall be available to carry out section 116(h). ‘‘(2) FOUNDATIONAL GRANT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—From the remainder of the amount appropriated under section 9 and not reserved under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall allot to a State for the fiscal year an amount equal to the amount the State received in fiscal year 2018. ‘‘(B) RATABLE REDUCTION .—If for any fiscal year the amount appropriated for allotments under this section is insufficient to satisfy the provisions of subparagraph (A), the payments to all States under such subparagraph shall be ratably reduced. ‘‘(3) ADDITIONAL FUNDS .—Subject to paragraph (4), from the additional funds remaining from the amount appropriated under section 9 and not expended under paragraphs (1) and (2) for a fiscal year, the Secretary shall allot to a State for the fiscal year— ‘‘(A) an amount that bears the same ratio to 50 percent of the sum being allotted as the product of the population aged 15 to 19, inclusive, in the State in the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the determination is made and the State’s allotment ratio bears to the sum of the corresponding products for all the States; ‘‘(B) an amount that bears the same ratio to 20 percent of the sum being allotted as the product of the population aged 20 to 24, inclusive, in the State in the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the determination is made and the State’s allotment ratio bears to the sum of the corresponding products for all the States; ‘‘(C) an amount that bears the same ratio to 15 percent of the sum being allotted as the product of the population aged 25 to 65, inclusive, in the State in the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the determination is made and the State’s allotment ratio bears to the sum of the corresponding products for all the States; and ‘‘(D) an amount that bears the same ratio to 15 percent of the sum being allotted as the amounts allotted to the State under subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) for such years bears to the sum of the amounts allotted to all the States under subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) for such year. ‘‘(4) MINIMUM ALLOTMENT FOR YEARS WITH  
ADDITIONAL FUNDS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (B), for a fiscal year for which there are additional funds described in paragraph (3), no State shall receive for such fiscal year under paragraph (3) less than 1/2 of 1 percent of the additional funds available for such fiscal year. Amounts necessary for increasing such payments to States to comply with the preceding sentence shall be obtained by ratably reducing the amounts to be paid to other States. ‘‘(B) SPECIAL RULE .—In the case of a qualifying State, the minimum allotment under subparagraph (A) for a fiscal year for the qualifying State shall be the lesser of— ‘‘(i) 1/2 of 1 percent of the additional funds available for such fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) the product of— ‘‘(I) 1/3 of the additional funds; multiplied by ‘‘(II) the quotient of— ‘‘(aa) the qualifying State’s ratio described in subparagraph (C) for the fiscal year for which the determination is made; divided by ‘‘(bb) the sum of all such ratios for all qualifying States for the fiscal year for which the determination is made. ‘‘(C) RATIO.—For purposes of subparagraph (B)(ii)(II)(aa), the ratio for a qualifying State for a fiscal year shall be 1.00 less the quotient of— ‘‘(i) the amount the qualifying State is allotted under paragraph (3) for the fiscal year; divided by ‘‘(ii) 1/2 of 1 percent of the amount appropriated under paragraph (3) for the fiscal year for which the determination is made. ‘‘(D) DEFINITIONS .—In this paragraph, the term ‘qualifying State’ means a State (except the United States Virgin Islands) that, for the fiscal year for which a determination under this paragraph is made, would receive, under the allotment formula under paragraph (3) (without the application of this paragraph), an amount that would be less than the amount the State would receive under subparagraph (A) for such fiscal year. ‘‘(b) REALLOTMENT .—If the Secretary determines that any amount of any State’s allotment under subsection (a) for any fiscal year will not be required for such fiscal year for carrying out the activities for which such amount has been allotted, the Secretary shall make such amount available for reallotment. Any such reallotment among other States shall occur on such dates during the same year as the Secretary shall fix, and shall be made on the basis of criteria established by regulation. No funds may be reallotted 
for any use other than the use for which the funds were appropriated. Any amount reallotted to a State under this subsection for any fiscal year shall remain available for obligation during the succeeding fiscal year and shall be deemed to be part of the State’s allotment for the year in which the amount is obligated. ‘‘(c) ALLOTMENT RATIO.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The allotment ratio for any State shall be 1.00 less the product of— ‘‘(A) 0.50; and ‘‘(B) the quotient obtained by dividing the per capita income for the State by the per capita income for all the States (exclusive of the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands), except that— ‘‘(i) the allotment ratio in no case shall be more than 0.60 or less than 0.40; and ‘‘(ii) the allotment ratio for the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico and the United States Virgin Islands shall be 0.60. ‘‘(2) PROMULGATION .—The allotment ratios shall be promulgated by the Secretary for each fiscal year between October 1 and December 31 of the fiscal year preceding the fiscal year for which the determination is made. Allotment ratios shall be computed on the basis of the average of the appropriate per capita incomes for the 3 most recent consecutive fiscal years for which satisfactory data are available. ‘‘(3) DEFINITION OF PER CAPITA INCOME .—For the purpose of this section, the term ‘per capita income’ means, with respect to a fiscal year, the total personal income in the calendar year ending in such year, divided by the population of the area concerned in such year. ‘‘(4) POPULATION DETERMINATION .—For the purposes of this section, population shall be determined by the Secretary on the basis of the latest estimates available to the Department of Education. ‘‘(d) DEFINITION OF STATE.—For the purpose of this section, the term ‘State’ means each of the several States of the United States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands.’’. 
Section 112 (20 U.S.C. 2322) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘10 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘15 percent’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘1 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘2 percent’’; (II) by striking ‘‘State correctional institutions and institutions’’ and inserting ‘‘State correctional institutions, juvenile justice facilities, and educational institutions’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (ii) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) an amount shall be made available for the recruitment of special populations to enroll in career and technical education programs, which shall be not less than the lesser of— ‘‘(i) an amount equal to 0.1 percent; or ‘‘(ii) $50,000; and’’; (C) in paragraph (3)(B), by striking ‘‘a local plan;’’ and inserting ‘‘local applications;’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 135’’ and all that follows through the end and inserting ‘‘section 135— ‘‘(1) in— ‘‘(A) rural areas; ‘‘(B) areas with high percentages of CTE concentrators or CTE participants; ‘‘(C) areas with high numbers of CTE concentrators or CTE participants; and ‘‘(D) areas with disparities or gaps in performance as described in section 113(b)(3)(C)(ii)(II); and ‘‘(2) in order to— ‘‘(A) foster innovation through the identification and promotion of promising and proven career and technical education programs, practices, and strategies, which may include programs, practices, and strategies that prepare individuals for nontraditional fields; or ‘‘(B) promote the development, implementation, and adoption of programs of study or career pathways aligned with Stateidentified highskill, highwage, or indemand occupations or industries.’’. SEC. 112. ACCOUNTABILITY. 
Section 113 (20 U.S.C. 2323) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘DETERMINED ’’ after ‘‘S TATE’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘State determined’’ before ‘‘performance’’; (ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); (iii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (iv) in subparagraph (B), as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘a State adjusted level of performance’’ and inserting ‘‘a State determined level of performance’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘, and State levels of performance described in paragraph (3)(B) for each additional indicator of performance’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE .— ‘‘(A) CORE INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE FOR  
LEVEL .—Each eligible agency shall identify in the State plan core indicators of performance for CTE concentrators at the secondary level that are valid and reliable, and that include, at a minimum, measures of each of the following: ‘‘(i) The percentage of CTE concentrators who graduate high school, as measured by— ‘‘(I) the fouryear adjusted cohort graduation rate (defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965); and ‘‘(II) at the State’s discretion, the extended year adjusted cohort graduation rate defined in such section 8101. ‘‘(ii) CTE concentrator proficiency in the challenging State academic standards adopted by the State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, as measured by the academic assessments described in section 1111(b)(2) of such Act. ‘‘(iii) The percentage of CTE concentrators who, in the second quarter after exiting from secondary education, are in postsecondary education or advanced training, military service or a service program that receives assistance under title I of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12511 et seq.), are volunteers as described in section 5(a) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2504(a)), or are employed. ‘‘(iv) Indicators of career and technical education program quality as follows: ‘‘(I) That shall include at least 1 of the following: ‘‘(aa) The percentage of CTE concentrators graduating from high school having attained a recognized postsecondary credential. ‘‘(bb) The percentage of CTE concentrators graduating from high school having attained postsecondary credits in the relevant career and technical education program or program of study earned through a dual or concurrent enrollment program or another credit transfer agreement. ‘‘(cc) The percentage of CTE concentrators graduating from high school having participated in workbased learning. ‘‘(II) That may include any other measure of student success in career and technical education that is statewide, valid, and reliable, and comparable across the State. ‘‘(v) The percentage of CTE concentrators in career and technical education programs and programs of study that lead to nontraditional fields. ‘‘(B) CORE INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE FOR  
CTE CONCENTRATORS AT THE POSTSECONDARY  LEVEL .—Each eligible agency shall identify in the State plan core indicators of performance for CTE concentrators at the postsecondary level that are valid and reliable, and that include, at a minimum, measures of each of the following: ‘‘(i) The percentage of CTE concentrators who, during the second quarter after program completion, remain enrolled in postsecondary education, are in advanced training, military service, or a service program that receives assistance under title I of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12511 et seq.), are volunteers as described in section 5(a) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2504(a)), or are placed or retained in employment. ‘‘(ii) The percentage of CTE concentrators who receive a recognized postsecondary credential during participation in or within 1 year of program completion. ‘‘(iii) The percentage of CTE concentrators in career and technical education programs and programs of study that lead to nontraditional fields. ‘‘(C) ALIGNMENT OF PERFORMANCE INDICA TORS.—In developing core indicators of performance under subparagraphs (A) and (B), an eligible agency shall, to the greatest extent possible, align the indicators so that substantially similar information gathered for other State and Federal programs, or for any other purpose, may be used to meet the requirements of this section.’’; (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by inserting ‘‘
DETERMINED ’’ after ‘‘S TATE’’; (ii) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) STATE DETERMINED LEVELS OF PERFORM ANCE FOR CORE INDICATORS OF PERFORMANCE .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(I) LEVELS DETERMINED BY THE ELIGIBLE  
AGENCY .—Each eligible agency, with input from eligible recipients, shall establish in the State plan submitted under section 122, for each year covered by the State plan, State determined levels of performance for each of the core indicators described under subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (2) for career and technical education activities authorized under this title. The level of performance for a core indicator shall be the same for all CTE concentrators in the State. ‘‘(II) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary may assist an eligible agency in establishing the State determined levels of performance under this subparagraph only at the request of that eligible agency. ‘‘(III) REQUIREMENTS .—Such State determined levels of performance shall, at a minimum— ‘‘(aa) be expressed in a percentage or numerical form, so as to be objective, quantifiable, and measurable; ‘‘(bb) require the State to continually make meaningful progress toward improving the performance of all career and technical education students, including the subgroups of students described in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, and special populations, as described in section 3(48); and ‘‘(cc) have been subject to the public comment process described in subparagraph (B), and the eligible agency has provided a written response; ‘‘(dd) when being adjusted pursuant to clause (ii), take into account how the levels of performance involved compare with the State levels of performance established for other States, considering factors including the characteristics of actual (as opposed to anticipated) CTE concentrators when the CTE concentrators entered the program, and the services or instruction to be provided; ‘‘(ee) when being adjusted pursuant to clause (ii), be higher than the average actual performance of the 2 most recently completed program years, except in the case of unanticipated circumstances that require revisions in accordance with clause (iii); and ‘‘(ff) take into account the extent to which the State determined levels of performance advance 
the eligible agency’s goals, as set forth in the State plan. ‘‘(ii) ALLOWABLE ADJUSTMENT OF STATE DE TERMINED LEVELS OF PERFORMANCE FOR SUBSE QUENT YEARS .—Prior to the third program year covered by the State plan, each eligible agency may revise the State determined levels of performance for any of the core indicators of performance for the subsequent program years covered by the State plan, and submit the revised State determined levels of performance to the Secretary. If the eligible agency adjusts any levels of performance, the eligible agency shall adjust those levels in accordance with clause (i), and address written comments of stakeholders as described in subparagraph (B). The Secretary shall approve those revised levels of performance if those levels meet the requirements described in subclause (III) of clause (i). The State determined adjusted levels of performance identified under this clause shall be considered to be the State determined levels of performance for the State for such years and shall be incorporated into the State plan. ‘‘(iii) UNANTICIPATED CIRCUMSTANCES .—If un anticipated circumstances arise in a State or changes occur related to improvements in data or measurement approaches, the eligible agency, at the end of the program year, may revise the State determined levels of performance required under this subparagraph. After public comment, as described in subparagraph (B), the eligible agency shall submit such revised levels of performance to the Secretary with evidence supporting the revision. The Secretary shall approve any such revision if that revision meets the requirements of clause (ii).’’; (iii) by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) PUBLIC COMMENT .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Each eligible agency shall develop the levels of performance under subparagraph (A) in consultation with the stakeholders identified in section 122(c)(1)(A). ‘‘(ii) WRITTEN COMMENTS .—Not less than 60 days prior to submission of the State plan, the eligible agency shall provide such stakeholders with the opportunity to provide written comments to the eligible agency, which shall be included in the State plan, regarding how the levels of performance described under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(I) meet the requirements of the law; ‘‘(II) support the improvement of performance of all CTE concentrators, including subgroups of students, as described in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, and special populations, as described in section 3(48); and ‘‘(III) support the needs of the local education and business community. ‘‘(iii) ELIGIBLE AGENCY RESPONSE .—Each eligible agency shall provide, in the State plan, a written response to the comments provided by stakeholders under clause (ii).’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) STATE REPORT .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Each eligible agency that receives an allotment under section 111 shall annually prepare and submit to the Secretary a report regarding— ‘‘(I) the progress of the State in achieving the State determined levels of performance on the core indicators of performance; and ‘‘(II) the actual levels of performance for all CTE concentrators, and for each of the subgroups of students, as described in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, and special populations, as described in section 3(48). ‘‘(ii) DATA.—Except as provided in subparagraph (E), each eligible agency that receives an allotment under section 111 shall— ‘‘(I) disaggregate data for each of the indicators of performance under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(aa) for subgroups of students, as described in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, and special populations, as described in section 3(48), that are served under this Act; and ‘‘(bb) by the career and technical education programs or programs of study of the CTE concentrators, except that in a case in which reporting by such program or program of study is impractical, the data may be disaggregated by the career clusters of the CTE concentrators, if appropriate; ‘‘(II) identify and quantify any disparities or gaps in performance on the State determined levels of performance under subparagraph (A) between any such subgroup or special population and the performance of all CTE concentrators served by the eligible agency under this Act, which shall include a quantifiable description of the progress each such subgroup or special population of students served by the eligible agency under this Act has made in meeting the State determined levels of performance; and ‘‘(III) for CTE concentrators described in paragraph (2)(A)(iii) and paragraph (2)(B)(i), disaggregate data, to the extent such data is available, by each of the following: ‘‘(aa) Individuals enrolled in postsecondary education (disaggregated by postsecondary award level, including certificate, associate, or baccalaureate degree). ‘‘(bb) Individuals in advanced training. ‘‘(cc) Individuals in military service or a service program that receives assistance under title I of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12511 et seq.) or volunteers as described in section 5(a) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2504(a)). ‘‘(dd) Individuals in employment (including those individuals who are employed in a high skill, highwage, or indemand sector or occupation). ‘‘(iii) NONDUPLICATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that each eligible agency does not report duplicative information under this section. ‘‘(iv) INFORMATION DISSEMINATION .—The Sec retary shall— ‘‘(I) make the information contained in such reports available to the general public through a variety of formats, including electronically through the Internet; ‘‘(II) disseminate StatebyState comparisons of the information contained in such reports; and ‘‘(III) provide the appropriate committees of Congress with copies of such reports. ‘‘(D) STATE DISSEMINATION OF ACTUAL LEVELS  
OF PERFORMANCE .—At the end of each program year, the eligible agency shall disseminate the actual levels of performance described in subparagraph (C)(i)(II)— ‘‘(i) widely, including to students, parents, and educators; ‘‘(ii) through a variety of formats, including electronically through the Internet; and ‘‘(iii) in userfriendly formats and languages that are easily accessible, as determined by the eligible agency. ‘‘(E) RULES FOR REPORTING DATA .—The disaggregation of data under this paragraph shall not be required when the number of students in a category is insufficient to yield statistically reliable information or when the results would reveal personally identifiable information about an individual student.’’; and (E) in paragraph (4)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the subparagraph heading, by striking ‘‘
ADJUSTED ’’; (II) by striking clauses (iii) and (v), and redesignating clauses (iv) and (vi) as clauses (iii) and (v), respectively; (III) in clause (i)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I)— (AA) by striking ‘‘State adjusted levels of performance’’ and inserting ‘‘State determined levels of performance for each year of the plan’’; and (BB) by striking ‘‘local adjusted levels’’ and inserting ‘‘local levels’’ each place the term appears; (bb) in subclause (I)— (AA) by striking ‘‘consistent with the State levels of performance established under paragraph (3), so as’’ and inserting ‘‘consistent with the form expressed in the State determined levels, so as’’; and (BB) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (cc) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘continually make progress toward improving the performance of career and technical education students.’’ and inserting ‘‘continually make meaningful progress toward improving the performance of all CTE concentrators, including subgroups of students described in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and special populations, as described in section 3(48);’’; and (dd) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) when being adjusted as described in clause (iii), be higher than the average actual performance levels of the previous 2 program years, except in a case in which unanticipated circumstances arise with respect to the eligible recipient and that eligible recipient meets the requirements for revisions under clause (iv); ‘‘(IV) when being adjusted as described in clause (iii), take into account how the local levels of performance compare with the local levels of performance established for other eligible recipients, considering factors including the characteristics of actual (as opposed to anticipated) CTE concentrators at the time those CTE concentrators entered the program, and the services or instruction to be provided; and ‘‘(V) set the local levels of performance using valid and reliable data that measures— ‘‘(aa) the differences within the State in actual economic conditions (including differences in unemployment rates and job losses or gains in particular industries); and ‘‘(bb) the abilities of the State and the eligible recipient to collect and access valid, reliable, and costeffective data.’’; (IV) in clause (ii)— (aa) in the clause heading, by striking ‘‘PLAN’’ and inserting ‘‘
APPLICATION ’’; (bb) by striking ‘‘plan’’ and inserting ‘‘application’’; and (cc) by striking ‘‘the first 2’’ and inserting ‘‘each of the’’; (V) by amending clause (iii), as redesignated by subclause (II), to read as follows: ‘‘(iii) ALLOWABLE ADJUSTMENTS OF LOCAL LEV ELS OF PERFORMANCE FOR SUBSEQUENT YEARS .— Prior to the third program year covered by the local application, the eligible recipient may, if the eligible recipient reaches an agreement with the eligible agency, adjust the local levels of performance for any of the core indicators of performance for the subsequent program years covered by the local application, in accordance with that agreement and with this subparagraph. The local adjusted levels of performance agreed to under this clause shall be considered to be the local levels of performance for the eligible recipient for such years and shall be incorporated into the local application.’’; and (VI) in clause (v), as redesignated by subclause (II), by striking ‘‘If unanticipated circumstances arise with respect to an eligible recipient resulting in a significant change in the factors described in clause (v), the eligible recipient may request that the local adjusted levels of performance agreed to under clause (iii) or (iv) be revised.’’ and inserting ‘‘If unanticipated circumstances arise, or changes occur related to improvements in data or measurement approaches, the eligible recipient may request that the local levels of performance agreed to under clauses (i) and (iii) be revised.’’; (ii) by striking subparagraph (B) and redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B); and (iii) in subparagraph (B), as redesignated by clause (ii)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘the data described in clause (ii)(I), regarding the progress 
of such recipient in achieving the local adjusted levels of performance’’ and inserting ‘‘the data on the actual performance levels described in clause (ii), including the progress of such recipient in achieving the local levels of performance’’; (II) in clause (ii)— (aa) in subclause (I)— (AA) by striking ‘‘section 1111(h)(1)(C)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii)’’; (BB) by striking ‘‘section 3(29)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3(48)’’; and (CC) by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; and (bb) in subclause (II)— (AA) by inserting ‘‘, as described in paragraph 3(C)(ii)(II),’’ after ‘‘gaps in performance’’; (BB) by inserting ‘‘as described in subclause (I) (including special populations)’’ after ‘‘category of students’’; (CC) by striking ‘‘all students’’ and inserting ‘‘all CTE concentrators’’; and (DD) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) disaggregate data by the career and technical education programs or programs of study of the CTE concentrators, except that in a case in which reporting by such program or program of study is impractical, the data may be disaggregated by the career clusters of the CTE concentrators, if appropriate; and ‘‘(IV) for CTE concentrators described in paragraph (2)(A)(iii) and paragraph (2)(B)(i), disaggregate data, to the extent such data is available, by each of the following: ‘‘(aa) Individuals enrolled in postsecondary education (disaggregated by postsecondary award level, including certificate, associate, or baccalaureate degree). ‘‘(bb) Individuals in advanced training. ‘‘(cc) Individuals in military service or a service program that receives assistance under title I of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12511 et seq.) or volunteers as described in section 5(a) of the Peace Corps Act (22 U.S.C. 2504(a)). ‘‘(dd) Individuals in employment (including those individuals who are employed in a high skill, highwage, or indemand sector or occupation).’’; (III) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)(C)(iii)’’; (IV) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘clause (ii)’’ and inserting ‘‘this paragraph’’; and (V) by striking clause (v) and inserting the following: ‘‘(v) AVAILABILITY .—The report described in clause (i) shall be made available by the eligible recipient through a variety of formats, including electronically through the Internet, to students, parents, educators, and the public, and the information contained in such report shall be in a format that is understandable and uniform, and to the extent practicable, provided in a language that students, parents, and educators can understand.’’; and (2) by striking subsection (c). 
Section 114 (20 U.S.C. 2324) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘The Secretary shall’’ the first place it appears and inserting ‘‘The Secretary shall, in consultation with the Director,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘from eligible agencies under section 113(b)(3)(C)’’ after ‘‘pursuant to this title’’; (2) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) REASONABLE COST.—The Secretary shall take such action as may be necessary to secure at reasonable cost the information required by this title. To ensure reasonable cost, the Secretary, in consultation with the National Center for Education Statistics and the Office of Career, Technical, and Adult Education shall determine the methodology to be used and the frequency with which such information is to be collected.’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Secretary may’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary shall’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘, acting through the Director,’’ after ‘‘describe how the Secretary’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with the Director,’’ after ‘‘Secretary’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, acting through the Director,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary’’; (II) by inserting ‘‘and the plan developed under subsection (c)’’ after ‘‘described in paragraph (2)’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘assessment’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘evaluation’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (II) in clause (vi)— (aa) by inserting ‘‘qualified’’ before ‘‘intermediaries’’; and (bb) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, which may include individuals with expertise in addressing inequities in access to, and in opportunities for, academic and technical skill attainment;’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vii) representatives of Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations; and ‘‘(viii) representatives of special populations.’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by inserting ‘‘the Director,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary,’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘assessment’’ and inserting ‘‘evaluation’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the heading, by striking ‘‘AND ASSESS MENT ’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘subsection (e), the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f), the Secretary, acting through the Director,’’; (II) by striking ‘‘an independent evaluation and assessment’’ and inserting ‘‘a series of research and evaluation initiatives for each year for which funds are appropriated to carry out this Act, which are aligned with the plan in subsection (c)(2),’’; (III) by striking ‘‘Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act of 2006’’ and inserting ‘‘Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Whenever possible, data used for the evaluation for a fiscal year shall be data from the most recent fiscal year for which such data are available, and from the 5year period preceding that fiscal year.’’; and (iii) by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) CONTENTS .—The evaluation required under subparagraph (A) shall include descriptions and evaluations of— ‘‘(i) the extent and success of the integration of challenging State academic standards adopted under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and career and technical education for students participating in career and technical education programs, including a review of the effect of such integration on the academic and technical proficiency achievement of such students, including— ‘‘(I) the number of such students that receive a regular high school diploma, as such term is defined under section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 or a State defined alternative diploma described in section 8101(25)(A)(ii)(I)(bb) of such Act; ‘‘(II) the number of such students that are high school students that receive a recognized postsecondary credential; and ‘‘(III) the number of such students that are high school students that earn credit toward a recognized postsecondary credential; ‘‘(ii) the extent to which career and technical education programs and programs of study prepare students, including special populations, for subsequent employment in highskill, highwage occupations (including those in which mathematics and science skills are critical, which may include computer science), or for participation in postsecondary education; ‘‘(iii) employer involvement in, benefit from, and satisfaction with, career and technical education programs and programs of study and career and technical education students’ preparation for employment; ‘‘(iv) efforts to expand access to career and technical education programs of study for all students; ‘‘(v) innovative approaches to workbased learning programs that increase participation and alignment with employment in highgrowth industries, including in rural and lowincome areas; ‘‘(vi) the effectiveness of different delivery systems and approaches for career and technical education, including comprehensive high schools, technical high schools, area technical centers, career academies, community and technical colleges, early college high schools, preapprenticeship programs, voluntary afterschool programs, and individual course offerings, including dual or concurrent enrollment program courses, as well as communication strategies for promoting career and technical education opportunities involving teachers, school counselors, and parents or other guardians; ‘‘(vii) the extent to which career and technical education programs supported by this Act are grounded on evidencebased research; ‘‘(viii) the impact of the amendments to this Act made under the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, including comparisons, where appropriate, of— ‘‘(I) the use of the comprehensive needs assessment under section 134(c); ‘‘(II) the implementation of programs of study; and ‘‘(III) coordination of planning and program delivery with other relevant laws, including the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) and the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; ‘‘(ix) changes in career and technical education program accountability as described in section 113 and any effects of such changes on program delivery and program quality; ‘‘(x) changes in student enrollment patterns; and ‘‘(xi) efforts to reduce disparities or performance gaps described in section 113(b)(3)(C)(ii)(II).’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (C)— (I) in clause (i)— (aa) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by inserting ‘‘, in consultation with the Director,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary’’; and (bb) by striking subclauses (I) and (II) and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, an interim report regarding the evaluation and summary of research activities carried out under this section that builds on studies and analyses existing as of such date of enactment; ‘‘(II) not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, a final report summarizing the studies and analyses that relate to the evaluation and summary of research activities carried out under this section; and ‘‘(III) a biennial update to such final report for succeeding years.’’; (II) in clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘the Director,’’ after ‘‘the President, the Secretary,’’ each place the term appears; and 
(III) by adding after clause (ii) the following: ‘‘(iii) DISSEMINATION .—In addition to submitting the reports required under clause (i), the Secretary shall disseminate the results of the evaluation widely and on a timely basis in order to increase the understanding among State and local officials and educators of the effectiveness of programs and activities supported under the Act and of the career and technical education programs and programs of study that are most likely to produce positive educational and employment outcomes.’’; (C) in subparagraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘State adjusted levels of performance described in section 113(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘State determined levels of performance described in section 113(b), as long as such information does not reveal any personally identifiable information’’; and (D) by striking paragraphs (4) and (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) RESEARCH .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—From amounts made available under subsection (f), the Secretary, after consultation with the Director, the Commissioner for Education Research, and the States, and with input from the independent advisory panel established under subsection (d)(1)(A), shall award a grant, contract, or cooperative agreement, on a competitive basis, to an institution of higher education or to a consortium of one or more institutions of higher education and one or more private nonprofit organizations or agencies, to carry out one or more of the activities described in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) GRANT ACTIVITIES .—An institution or consortium receiving a grant under this paragraph shall use grant funds to carry out one or more of the following activities: ‘‘(i) Evidencebased research and evaluation for the purpose of developing, improving, and identifying the most successful methods for— ‘‘(I) eliminating inequities in access to, and in opportunities for, learning, skill development, or effective teaching in career and technical education programs; and ‘‘(II) addressing the education, employment, and training needs of CTE participants, including special populations, in career and technical education programs or programs of study. ‘‘(ii) Research on, and evaluation of, the impact of changes made by the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, including StatebyState comparisons, where appropriate, of— ‘‘(I) the use of the needs assessment under section 134(c); ‘‘(II) the implementation of programs of study; ‘‘(III) how States have implemented provisions of the Act, including both fiscal and programmatic elements; ‘‘(IV) career and technical education funding and finance models; and ‘‘(V) coordination with other relevant laws, including the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.), the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, and the Higher Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(iii) Evidencebased research and analyses that provide longitudinal information with respect to career and technical education programs and programs of study and student achievement. ‘‘(iv) The implementation of, evaluation of, or evidencebased research of, innovative methods that support highquality implementation of career and technical education programs and programs of study and student achievement related to career and technical education, including— ‘‘(I) creating or expanding dual or concurrent enrollment program activities and early college high schools; ‘‘(II) awarding of academic credit or academic alignment for industry recognized credentials, competencybased education, or workbased learning; ‘‘(III) making available open, searchable, and comparable information on the quality of industry recognized credentials, including the related skills or competencies, attainment by CTE concentrators, related employment and earnings outcomes, labor market value, and use by employers; or ‘‘(IV) initiatives to facilitate the transition of subbaccalaureate career and technical education students into baccalaureate degree programs, including barriers affecting rural students and special populations. ‘‘(C) REPORT .—The institution or consortium receiving a grant under this paragraph shall annually prepare a report containing information about the key research findings of such entity under this paragraph and shall submit copies of the report to the Secretary and the Director. The Secretary shall submit copies of the report to the relevant committees of Congress, the Library of Congress, and each eligible agency. ‘‘(D) DISSEMINATION .—The institution or consortium receiving a grant under this paragraph shall conduct dissemination and training activities based on the research carried out under this paragraph on a timely basis, including through dissemination networks and, as appropriate and relevant, technical assistance providers within the Department.’’; (5) by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (f); (6) by inserting after subsection (d) the following: ‘‘(e) INNOVATION AND MODERNIZATION .— ‘‘(1) GRANT PROGRAM .—To identify, support, and rigorously evaluate evidencebased and innovative strategies and activities to improve and modernize career and technical education and align workforce skills with labor market needs as part of the State plan under section 122 and local application under section 134 and the requirements of this subsection, the Secretary may use not more than 20 percent of the amounts appropriated under subsection (f) to award grants to eligible entities, eligible institutions, or eligible recipients to carry out the activities described in paragraph (7). ‘‘(2) NONFEDERAL MATCH .— ‘‘(A) MATCHING FUNDS REQUIRED .—Except as provided under subparagraph (B), to receive a grant under this subsection, an eligible entity, eligible institution, or eligible recipient shall, through cash or inkind contributions, provide matching funds from nonFederal sources in an amount equal to not less than 50 percent of the funds provided under such grant. ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION .—The Secretary may waive the matching fund requirement under subparagraph (A) if the eligible entity, eligible institution, or eligible recipient demonstrates exceptional circumstances. ‘‘(3) APPLICATION .—To receive a grant under this subsection, an eligible entity, eligible institution, or eligible recipient shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may require, including, at a minimum— ‘‘(A) an identification and designation of the agency, institution, or school responsible for the administration and supervision of the program assisted under this paragraph; ‘‘(B) a description of the budget for the project, the source and amount of the matching funds required under paragraph (2)(A), and how the applicant will continue the project after the grant period ends, if applicable; ‘‘(C) a description of how the applicant will use the grant funds, including how such funds will directly benefit students, including special populations, served by the applicant; ‘‘(D) a description of how the program assisted under this subsection will be coordinated with the activities carried out under section 124 or 135; ‘‘(E) a description of how the career and technical education programs or programs of study to be implemented with grant funds reflect the needs of regional, State, or local employers, as demonstrated by the comprehensive needs assessment under section 134(c); ‘‘(F) a description of how the program assisted under this subsection will be evaluated and how that evaluation may inform the report described in subsection (d)(2)(C); and ‘‘(G) an assurance that the applicant will— ‘‘(i) provide information to the Secretary, as requested, for evaluations that the Secretary may carry out; and ‘‘(ii) make data available to third parties for validation, in accordance with applicable data privacy laws, including section 444 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1232g, commonly known as the ‘Family Educational Rights and Privacy Act of 1974’). ‘‘(4) PRIORITY .—In awarding grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall give priority to applications from eligible entities, eligible institutions, or eligible recipients that will predominantly serve students from lowincome families. ‘‘(5) GEOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In awarding grants under this subsection, the Secretary shall award no less than 25 percent of the total available funds for any fiscal year to eligible entities, eligible institutions, or eligible recipients proposing to fund career and technical education activities that serve— ‘‘(i) a local educational agency with an urbancentric district locale code of 32, 33, 41, 42, or 43, as determined by the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) an institution of higher education primarily serving the one or more areas served by such a local educational agency; ‘‘(iii) a consortium of such local educational agencies or such institutions of higher education; ‘‘(iv) a partnership between— ‘‘(I) an educational service agency or a nonprofit organization; and ‘‘(II) such a local educational agency or such an institution of higher education; or ‘‘(v) a partnership between— ‘‘(I) a grant recipient described in clause (i) or (ii); and ‘‘(II) a State educational agency. ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall reduce the amount of funds made available under such clause if the Secretary does not receive a sufficient number of applications of sufficient quality. ‘‘(6) DURATION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Grants awarded under this subsection shall be for a period of not more than 3 years. ‘‘(B) EXTENSION .—The Secretary may extend such grants for not more than 1 additional 2 year period if the grantee demonstrates to the Secretary that the grantee is achieving the grantee’s program objectives and, as applicable, has improved education outcomes for career and technical education students, including special populations. ‘‘(7) USES OF FUNDS .—An eligible entity, eligible institution, or eligible recipient that is awarded a grant under this subsection shall use the grant funds to create, develop, implement, replicate, or take to scale evidencebased, field initiated innovations to modernize and improve effectiveness and alignment of career and technical education and to improve student outcomes in career and technical education, and rigorously evaluate such innovations, through one or more of the following activities: ‘‘(A) Designing and implementing courses or programs of study aligned to labor market needs in new or emerging fields and working with industry to upgrade equipment, technology, and related curriculum used in career and technical education programs, which is needed for the development, expansion, and implementation of Stateapproved career and technical education programs of study, including— ‘‘(i) the development or acquisition of instructional materials associated with the equipment and technology purchased by an eligible entity, eligible institution, or eligible recipient through the grant; or 
‘‘(ii) efforts to expand, develop, or implement programs designed to increase opportunities for students to take rigorous courses in coding or computer science subject areas, and support for statewide efforts to increase access and implementation of coding or computer science courses in order to meet local labor market needs in occupations that require skills in those subject areas. ‘‘(B) Improving career and technical education outcomes of students served by eligible entities, eligible institutions, or eligible recipients through activities such as— ‘‘(i) supporting the development and enhancement of innovative delivery models for career and technical education related workbased learning, including schoolbased simulated work sites, mentoring, work site visits, job shadowing, projectbased learning, and skillsbased and paid internships; ‘‘(ii) increasing the effective use of technology within career and technical education programs and programs of study; ‘‘(iii) supporting new models for integrating academic content at the secondary and postsecondary level in career and technical education; or ‘‘(iv) integrating science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields, including computer science education, with career and technical education. ‘‘(C) Improving the transition of students— ‘‘(i) from secondary education to postsecondary education or employment through programs, activities, or services that may include the creation, development, or expansion of dual or concurrent enrollment programs, articulation agreements, credit transfer agreements, and competencybased education; or ‘‘(ii) from the completion of one postsecondary program to another postsecondary program that awards a recognized postsecondary credential. ‘‘(D) Supporting the development and enhancement of innovative delivery models for career and technical education. ‘‘(E) Working with industry to design and implement courses or programs of study aligned to labor market needs in new or emerging fields. ‘‘(F) Supporting innovative approaches to career and technical education by redesigning the high school experience for students, which may include evidencebased transitional support strategies for students who have not met postsecondary education eligibility requirements. ‘‘(G) Creating or expanding recruitment, retention, or professional development activities for career and technical education teachers, faculty, school leaders, administrators, specialized instructional support personnel, career guidance and academic counselors, and paraprofessionals, which may include— ‘‘(i) providing resources and training to improve instruction for, and provide appropriate accommodations to, special populations; ‘‘(ii) externships or site visits with business and industry; ‘‘(iii) the integration of coherent and rigorous academic content standards and career and technical education curricula, including through opportunities for appropriate academic and career and technical education teachers to jointly develop and implement curricula and pedagogical strategies; ‘‘(iv) mentoring by experienced teachers; ‘‘(v) providing resources or assistance with meeting State teacher licensure and credential requirements; or ‘‘(vi) training for career guidance and academic counselors at the secondary level to improve awareness of postsecondary education and postsecondary career options, and improve the ability of such counselors to communicate to students the career opportunities and employment trends. ‘‘(H) Improving CTE concentrator employment outcomes in nontraditional fields. ‘‘(I) Supporting the use of career and technical education programs and programs of study in a coordinated strategy to address identified employer needs and workforce shortages, such as shortages in the early childhood, elementary school, and secondary school education workforce. ‘‘(J) Providing integrated student support that addresses the comprehensive needs of students, such as incorporating accelerated and differentiated learning opportunities supported by evidencebased strategies for special populations. ‘‘(K) Establishing an online portal for career and technical education students, including special populations, preparing for postsecondary career and technical education, which may include opportunities for mentoring, gaining financial literacy skills, and identifying career opportunities and interests, and a platform to establish online savings accounts to be used exclusively for postsecondary career and technical education programs and programs of study. ‘‘(L) Developing and implementing a pay for success initiative. ‘‘(8) EVALUATION .—Each eligible entity, eligible institution, or eligible recipient receiving a grant under this subsection shall provide for an independent evaluation of the activities carried out using such grant and submit to the Secretary an annual report that includes— ‘‘(A) a description of how funds received under this paragraph were used; ‘‘(B) the performance of the eligible entity, eligible institution, or eligible recipient with respect to, at a minimum, the performance indicators described under section 113, as applicable, and disaggregated by— ‘‘(i) subgroups of students described in section 1111(c)(2)(B) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; ‘‘(ii) special populations; and ‘‘(iii) as appropriate, each career and technical education program and program of study; and ‘‘(C) a quantitative analysis of the effectiveness of the project carried out under this paragraph.’’; and (7) by amending subsection (f), as redesignated by paragraph (5), to read as follows: ‘‘(f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $7,651,051 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(2) $7,758,166 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(3) $7,866,780 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(4) $7,976,915 for fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(5) $8,088,592 for fiscal year 2023; and ‘‘(6) $8,201,832 for fiscal year 2024.’’. 
Section 115 (20 U.S.C. 2325) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘subject to subsection (d)’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to subsection (b)’’; (2) by striking subsections (b) and (c); and (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (b). 
Section 116 (20 U.S.C. 2326) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
NATIVE ’’ and inserting ‘‘N ATIVE’’; (B) by striking paragraph (3); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; (D) in paragraph (3) (as redesignated by subparagraph (C)), in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
HAWAIIAN ’’ and inserting ‘‘H AWAIIAN ’’; and (E) in paragraph (4) (as redesignated by subparagraph (C))— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
HAWAIIAN ’’ and inserting ‘‘H AWAIIAN ’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘(20 U.S.C. 7517)’’ after ‘‘Act’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘tribes’’ and inserting ‘‘Tribes’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘tribal’’ and inserting ‘‘Tribal’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘INDIAN TRIBES AND TRIBAL ORGANIZA TIONS .—’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘Indian tribe or tribal organization’’ and inserting ‘‘Indian Tribe or Tribal organization’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘450f’’ and inserting ‘‘5321’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘455–457’’ and inserting ‘‘5345– 5347’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
BUREAU OF INDIAN AFFAIRS ’’ and inserting ‘‘B UREAU OF INDIAN EDUCATION ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘Tribe’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘tribal’’ and inserting ‘‘Tribal’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’; (D) in paragraph (4)— (i) by striking ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Assistant Secretary of the Interior for Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Director of the Bureau of Indian Education’’; (E) in paragraph (5)(A), by striking ‘‘Indian tribes, tribal organizations, and individual tribal members’’ and inserting ‘‘Indian Tribes, Tribal organizations, and individual Tribal members’’; and (F) in paragraph (6)— (i) by striking ‘‘tribe’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Tribe’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘tribal’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Tribal’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) SPECIAL RULE .—Notwithstanding section 3(5)(A)(iii), funds made available under this section may be used to provide preparatory, refresher, and remedial education services that are designed to enable students to achieve success in career and technical education programs or programs of study.’’; (4) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘tribe’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Tribe’’; (5) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘tribal’’ and inserting ‘‘Tribal’’; (6) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘tribe’’ and inserting ‘‘Tribe’’; and (7) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘tribe’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Tribe’’. 
SEC. 116. TRIBALLY CONTROLLED POSTSECONDARY CAREER AND TECHNICAL INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 117 (20 U.S.C. 2327) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘(25 U.S.C. 640a et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(Public Law 92– 189; 85 Stat. 646)’’; (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘(25 U.S.C. 640a et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(Public Law 92– 189; 85 Stat. 646)’’; (3) in subsection (f)(3), by striking ‘‘tribe’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘Tribe’’; (4) in subsection (h)— (A) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
INDIAN TRIBE ’’ and inserting ‘‘I NDIAN TRIBE ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘terms ‘Indian’ and ‘Indian tribe’ have the meanings given the terms in’’ and inserting ‘‘terms ‘Indian’ and ‘Indian Tribe’ have the meanings given the terms ‘Indian’ and ‘Indian tribe’, respectively, in’’; and (5) by striking subsection (i) and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section— ‘‘(1) $9,762,539 for fiscal year 2019; 
‘‘(2) $9,899,215 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(3) $10,037,804 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(4) $10,178,333 for fiscal year 2022; ‘‘(5) $10,320,829 for fiscal year 2023; and ‘‘(6) $10,465,321 for fiscal year 2024.’’. 
Section 118 (20 U.S.C. 2328) is repealed. PART B—STATE PROVISIONS 
Section 121(a)(2) (20 U.S.C. 2341(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘parents’’ and all that follows through the end of the paragraph and inserting ‘‘teachers, faculty, specialized instructional support personnel, paraprofessionals, school leaders, authorized public chartering agencies and charter school leaders (consistent with State law), employers, representatives of business (including small businesses), labor organizations, eligible recipients, local program administrators, State and local officials, Indian Tribes or Tribal organizations present in the State, parents, students, and community organizations;’’. 
Section 122 (20 U.S.C. 2342) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘6year period,’’ and inserting ‘‘4year period, consistent with subsection (b) and paragraph (5),’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Improvement Act of 2006’’ and inserting ‘‘Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘6year period’’ and inserting ‘‘4year period’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘(including charter school’’ and all that follows through ‘‘and community organizations)’’ and inserting ‘‘(including teachers, faculty, specialized instructional support personnel, paraprofessionals, school leaders, authorized public chartering agencies and charter school leaders (consistent with State law), employers, labor organizations, parents, students, Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations that may be present in the State, and community organizations)’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) PUBLIC COMMENT .—Each eligible agency shall make the State plan publicly available for public comment for a period of not less than 30 days, by electronic means and in an easily accessible format, prior to submission to the Secretary for approval under this subsection. In the plan the eligible agency files under this subsection, the eligible agency shall provide an assurance that public comments were taken into account in the development of the State plan. ‘‘(5) OPTIONAL SUBMISSION OF SUBSEQUENT  
PLANS .—An eligible agency may, after the first 4year State plan is submitted under this section, submit subsequent 4year plans not later than 120 days prior to the end of the 4year period covered by the preceding State plan or, if an eligible agency chooses not to submit a State plan for a subsequent 4year period, the eligible agency shall submit, and the Secretary shall approve, annual revisions to the State determined levels of performance in the same manner as revisions submitted and approved under section 113(b)(3)(A)(ii).’’; and (2) by striking subsections (b) through (e) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) OPTIONS FOR SUBMISSION OF STATE PLAN.— ‘‘(1) COMBINED PLAN .—The eligible agency may submit a combined plan that meets the requirements of this section and the requirements of section 103 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3113). ‘‘(2) NOTICE TO SECRETARY .—The eligible agency shall inform the Secretary of whether the eligible agency intends to submit a combined plan described in paragraph (1) or a single plan. ‘‘(c) PLANDEVELOPMENT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The eligible agency shall— ‘‘(A) develop the State plan in consultation with— ‘‘(i) representatives of secondary and postsecondary career and technical education programs, including eligible recipients and representatives of 2year minorityserving institutions and historically Black colleges and universities and tribally controlled colleges or universities in States where such institutions are in existence, adult career and technical education providers, and charter school representatives in States where such schools are in existence, which shall include teachers, faculty, school leaders, specialized instructional support personnel, career and academic guidance counselors, and paraprofessionals; ‘‘(ii) interested community representatives, including parents, students, and community organizations; ‘‘(iii) representatives of the State workforce development board established under section 101 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3111) (referred to in this section as the ‘State board’); ‘‘(iv) members and representatives of special populations; ‘‘(v) representatives of business and industry (including representatives of small business), which shall include representatives of industry and sector partnerships in the State, as appropriate, and representatives of labor organizations in the State; ‘‘(vi) representatives of agencies serving out ofschool youth, homeless children and youth, and atrisk youth, including the State Coordinator for Education of Homeless Children and Youths established or designated under section 722(d)(3) of the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11432(d)(3)); ‘‘(vii) representatives of Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations located in, or providing services in, the State; and ‘‘(viii) individuals with disabilities; and ‘‘(B) consult the Governor of the State, and the heads of other State agencies with authority for career and technical education programs that are not the eligible agency, with respect to the development of the State plan. ‘‘(2) ACTIVITIES AND PROCEDURES .—The eligi ble agency shall develop effective activities and procedures, including access to information needed to use such procedures, to allow the individuals and entities described in paragraph (1) to participate in State and local decisions that relate to development of the State plan. ‘‘(3) CONSULTATION WITH THE GOVERNOR .—The consultation described in paragraph (1)(B) shall include meetings of officials from the eligible agency and the Governor’s office and shall occur— ‘‘(A) during the development of such plan; and ‘‘(B) prior to submission of the plan to the Secretary. ‘‘(d) PLANCONTENTS .—The State plan shall include— ‘‘(1) a summary of Statesupported workforce development activities (including education and training) in the State, including the degree to which the State’s career and technical education programs and programs of study are aligned with and address the education and skill needs of the employers in the State identified by the State board; ‘‘(2) the State’s strategic vision and set of goals for preparing an educated and skilled workforce (including special populations) and for meeting the skilled workforce needs of employers, including in existing and emerging in demand industry sectors and occupations as identified by the State, and how the State’s career and technical education programs will help to meet these goals; ‘‘(3) a strategy for any joint planning, alignment, coordination, and leveraging of funds— ‘‘(A) between the State’s career and technical education programs and programs of study with the State’s workforce development system, to achieve the strategic vision and goals described in paragraph (2), including the core programs defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102) and the elements related to system alignment under section 102(b)(2)(B) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 3112(b)(2)(B)); and ‘‘(B) for programs carried out under this title with other Federal programs, which may include programs funded under the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and the Higher Education Act of 1965; ‘‘(4) a description of the career and technical education programs or programs of study that will be supported, developed, or improved at the State level, including descriptions of— ‘‘(A) the programs of study to be developed at the State level and made available for adoption by eligible recipients; ‘‘(B) the process and criteria to be used for approving locally developed programs of study or career pathways, including how such programs address State workforce development and education needs and the criteria to assess the extent to which the local application under section 132 will— ‘‘(i) promote continuous improvement in academic achievement and technical skill attainment; ‘‘(ii) expand access to career and technical education for special populations; and ‘‘(iii) support the inclusion of employability skills in programs of study and career pathways; ‘‘(C) how the eligible agency will— ‘‘(i) make information on approved programs of study and career pathways (including career exploration, workbased learning opportunities, early college high schools, and dual or concurrent enrollment program opportunities) and guidance and advisement resources, available to students (and parents, as appropriate), representatives of secondary and postsecondary education, and special populations, and to the extent practicable, provide that information and those resources in a language students, parents, and educators can understand; ‘‘(ii) facilitate collaboration among eligible recipients in the development and coordination of career and technical education programs and programs of study and career pathways that include multiple entry and exit points; ‘‘(iii) use State, regional, or local labor market data to determine alignment of eligible recipients’ programs of study to the needs of the State, regional, or local economy, including in demand industry sectors and occupations identified by the State board, and to align career and technical education with such needs, as appropriate; ‘‘(iv) ensure equal access to approved career and technical education programs of study and activities assisted under this Act for special populations; ‘‘(v) coordinate with the State board to support the local development of career pathways and articulate processes by which career pathways will be developed by local workforce development boards, as appropriate; ‘‘(vi) support effective and meaningful collaboration between secondary schools, postsecondary institutions, and employers to provide students with experience in, and understanding of, all aspects of an industry, which may include workbased learning such as internships, mentorships, simulated work environments, and other handson or inquirybased learning activities; and ‘‘(vii) improve outcomes and reduce performance gaps for CTE concentrators, including those who are members of special populations; and ‘‘(D) how the eligible agency may include the opportunity for secondary school students to participate in dual or concurrent enrollment programs, early college high school, or competencybased education; ‘‘(5) a description of the criteria and process for how the eligible agency will approve eligible 
recipients for funds under this Act, including how— ‘‘(A) each eligible recipient will promote academic achievement; ‘‘(B) each eligible recipient will promote skill attainment, including skill attainment that leads to a recognized postsecondary credential; and ‘‘(C) each eligible recipient will ensure the comprehensive needs assessment under section 134(c) takes into consideration local economic and education needs, including, where appropriate, indemand industry sectors and occupations; ‘‘(6) a description of how the eligible agency will support the recruitment and preparation of teachers, including special education teachers, faculty, school principals, administrators, specialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals to provide career and technical education instruction, leadership, and support, including professional development that provides the knowledge and skills needed to work with and improve instruction for special populations; ‘‘(7) a description of how the eligible agency will use State leadership funds under section 124; ‘‘(8) a description of how funds received by the eligible agency through the allotment made under section 111 will be distributed— ‘‘(A) among career and technical education at the secondary level, or career and technical education at the postsecondary and adult level, or both, including how such distribution will most effectively provide students with the skills needed to succeed in the workplace; and ‘‘(B) among any consortia that may be formed among secondary schools and eligible institutions, and how funds will be distributed among the members of the consortia, including the rationale for such distribution and how it will most effectively provide students with the skills needed to succeed in the workplace; ‘‘(9) a description of the eligible agency’s program strategies for special populations, including a description of how individuals who are members of special populations— ‘‘(A) will be provided with equal access to activities assisted under this Act; ‘‘(B) will not be discriminated against on the basis of status as a member of a special population; ‘‘(C) will be provided with programs designed to enable individuals who are members of special populations to meet or exceed State determined levels of performance described in section 113, and prepare special populations for further learning and for highskill, highwage, or indemand industry sectors or occupations; ‘‘(D) will be provided with appropriate accommodations; and ‘‘(E) will be provided instruction and work based learning opportunities in integrated settings that support competitive, integrated employment; ‘‘(10) a description of the procedure the eligible agency will adopt for determining State determined levels of performance described in section 113, which, at a minimum, shall include— ‘‘(A) a description of the process for public comment under section 113(b)(3)(B) as part of the development of the State determined levels of performance under section 113(b); ‘‘(B) an explanation of the State determined levels of performance; and ‘‘(C) a description of how the State determined levels of performance set by the eligible agency align with the levels, goals, and objectives of other Federal and State laws; ‘‘(11) a description of how the eligible agency will address disparities or gaps in performance, as described in section 113(b)(3)(C)(ii)(II), in each of the plan years, and if no meaningful progress has been achieved prior to the third program year, a description of the additional actions the eligible agency will take to eliminate these disparities or gaps; ‘‘(12) describes how the eligible agency will involve parents, academic and career and technical education teachers, administrators, faculty, career guidance and academic counselors, local business (including small businesses), labor organizations, and representatives of Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations, as appropriate, in the planning, development, implementation, and evaluation of such career and technical education programs; and ‘‘(13) assurances that— ‘‘(A) the eligible agency will comply with the requirements of this Act and the provisions of the State plan, including the provision of a financial audit of funds received under this Act, which may be included as part of an audit of other Federal or State programs; ‘‘(B) none of the funds expended under this Act will be used to acquire equipment (including computer software) in any instance in which such acquisition results in a direct financial benefit to any organization representing the interests of the acquiring entity or the employees of the acquiring entity, or any affiliate of such an organization; ‘‘(C) the eligible agency will use the funds to promote preparation for highskill, highwage, or indemand industry sectors or occupations and nontraditional fields, as identified by the eligible agency; ‘‘(D) the eligible agency will use the funds provided under this Act to implement career and technical education programs and programs of study for individuals in State correctional institutions, including juvenile justice facilities; and ‘‘(E) the eligible agency will provide local educational agencies, area career and technical education schools, and eligible institutions in the State with technical assistance, including technical assistance on how to close gaps in student participation and performance in career and technical education programs; and ‘‘(14) a description of the opportunities for the public to comment in person and in writing on the State plan under this subsection. ‘‘(e) CONSULTATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The eligible agency shall develop the portion of each State plan relating to the amount and uses of any funds proposed to be reserved for adult career and technical education, postsecondary career and technical education, and secondary career and technical education after consultation with— ‘‘(A) the State agency responsible for supervision of community colleges, technical institutes, other 2year postsecondary institutions primarily engaged in providing postsecondary career and technical education, or, where applicable, institutions of higher education that are engaged in providing postsecondary career and technical education as part of their mission; ‘‘(B) the State agency responsible for secondary education; and ‘‘(C) the State agency responsible for adult education. ‘‘(2) OBJECTIONS OF STATE AGENCIES .—If a State agency other than the eligible agency finds that a portion of the final State plan is objectionable, that objection shall be filed together with the State plan. The eligible agency shall respond to any objections of such State agency in the State plan submitted to the Secretary. ‘‘(3) JOINT SIGNATURE AUTHORITY .—A Gov ernor shall have 30 days prior to the eligible agency submitting the State plan to the Secretary to sign such plan. If the Governor has not signed the plan within 30 days of delivery by the eligible agency to the Governor, the eligible agency shall submit the plan to the Secretary without such signature. ‘‘(f) PLANAPPROVAL .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the eligible agency submits its State plan, the Secretary shall approve such State plan, or a revision of the plan under subsection (a)(2) (including a revision of State determined levels of performance in accordance with section 113(b)(3)(A)(iii)), if the Secretary determines that the State has submitted in its State plan State determined levels of performance that meet the criteria established in section 113(b)(3), including the minimum requirements described in section 113(b)(3)(A)(i)(III), unless the Secretary— ‘‘(A) determines that the State plan does not meet the requirements of this Act, including the minimum requirements as described in section 113(b)(3)(A)(i)(III); and ‘‘(B) meets the requirements of paragraph (2) with respect to such plan. ‘‘(2) DISAPPROVAL .—The Secretary— ‘‘(A) shall have the authority to disapprove a State plan only if the Secretary— ‘‘(i) determines how the State plan fails to meet the requirements of this Act; and ‘‘(ii) provides to the eligible agency, in writing, notice of such determination and the supporting information and rationale to substantiate such determination; and ‘‘(B) shall not finally disapprove a State plan, except after making the determination and providing the information described in subparagraph (A), and giving the eligible agency notice and an opportunity for a hearing.’’. 
Section 123 (20 U.S.C. 2343) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘percent of an agreed upon’’ and inserting ‘‘percent of the’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘State adjusted level of performance’’ and inserting ‘‘State determined level of performance’’ each place the term appears; (iii) by striking ‘‘section 113(b)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘113(b)(2) for all CTE concentrators’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘(with special consideration to performance gaps identified under section 113(c)(2))’’ and inserting ‘‘(that includes an analysis of the performance disparities or gaps identified under section 113(b)(3)(C)(ii)(II), and actions that will be taken to address such gaps)’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘State’s adjusted levels of performance’’ and inserting ‘‘State determined levels of performance’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘purposes of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘purposes of this section, including after implementation of the improvement plan described in paragraph (1),’’; (C) in paragraph (3)(A)— (i) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; and (ii) by striking clauses (ii) and (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) with respect to any specific core indicator of performance that was identified in a program improvement plan under paragraph (1), fails to meet at least 90 percent of a State determined level of performance for such core indicator for 2 consecutive years after the eligible agency has been identified for improvement under such paragraph.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) ADJUSTMENTS PROHIBITED .—An eligible agency shall not be eligible to adjust performance levels while executing an improvement plan under this section.’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘adjusted’’ each place the term appears; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘for all CTE concentrators’’ after ‘‘section 113(b)(4)’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘(with special consideration to performance gaps identified under section 113(b)(4)(C)(ii)(II) in consultation with the eligible agency,’’ and inserting ‘‘(that includes an analysis of the performance disparities or gaps identified under section 113(b)(3)(C)(ii)(II), and actions that will be taken to address such gaps) in consultation with local stakeholders described in section 134(d)(1), the eligible agency, and’’; (C) in paragraph (4)— 
(i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; and (II) by striking clauses (ii) and (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) with respect to any specific core indicator of performance that was identified in a program improvement plan under paragraph (2), fails to meet at least 90 percent of the local level of performance for such core indicator for 2 consecutive years after the eligible recipient has been identified for improvement under such paragraph.’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; (II) in clause (ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) in response to a public request from an eligible recipient, if the eligible agency determines that the requirements described in clause (i) or (ii) have been met.’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) ADJUSTMENTS PROHIBITED .—An eligible recipient shall not be eligible to adjust performance levels while executing an improvement plan under this section.’’. 
Section 124 (20 U.S.C. 2344) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘shall conduct State leadership activities.’’ and inserting ‘‘shall— ‘‘(1) conduct State leadership activities to improve career and technical education, which shall include support for— ‘‘(A) preparation for nontraditional fields in current and emerging professions, programs for special populations, and other activities that expose students, including special populations, to highskill, highwage, and indemand occupations; ‘‘(B) individuals in State institutions, such as State correctional institutions, including juvenile justice facilities, and educational institutions that serve individuals with disabilities; ‘‘(C) recruiting, preparing, or retaining career and technical education teachers, faculty, specialized instructional support personnel, or paraprofessionals, such as preservice, professional development, or leadership development programs; and ‘‘(D) technical assistance for eligible recipients; and ‘‘(2) report on the effectiveness of such use of funds in achieving the goals described in section 122(d)(2) and the State determined levels of performance described in section 113(b)(3)(A), and reducing disparities or performance gaps as described in section 113(b)(3)(C)(ii)(II).’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘REQUIRED ’’ and inserting ‘‘P ERMISSIBLE ’’; (B) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall’’ and inserting ‘‘may’’; and (C) by striking paragraphs (1) through (9) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) developing statewide programs of study, which may include standards, curriculum, and course development, and career exploration, guidance, and advisement activities and resources; ‘‘(2) approving locally developed programs of study that meet the requirements established in section 122(d)(4)(B); ‘‘(3) establishing statewide articulation agreements aligned to approved programs of study; ‘‘(4) establishing statewide industry or sector partnerships among local educational agencies, institutions of higher education, adult education providers, Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations that may be present in the State, employers, including small businesses, and parents, as appropriate to— ‘‘(A) develop and implement programs of study aligned to State and local economic and education needs, including, as appropriate, in demand industry sectors and occupations; ‘‘(B) facilitate the establishment, expansion, and integration of opportunities for students at the secondary level to— ‘‘(i) successfully complete coursework that integrates rigorous and challenging technical and academic instruction aligned with the challenging State academic standards adopted by the State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965; and ‘‘(ii) earn a recognized postsecondary credential or credit toward a recognized postsecondary credential, which may be earned through a dual or concurrent enrollment program or early college high school, at no cost to the student or the student’s family; and ‘‘(C) facilitate workbased learning opportunities (including internships, externships, and simulated work environments) into programs of study; ‘‘(5) for teachers, faculty, specialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals providing career and technical education instruction, support services, and specialized instructional support services, highquality comprehensive professional development that is, to the extent practicable, grounded in evidence based research (to the extent a State determines that such evidence is reasonably available) that identifies the most effective educator professional development process and is coordinated and aligned with other professional development activities carried out by the State (including under title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and title II of the Higher Education Act of 1965), including programming that— ‘‘(A) promotes the integration of the challenging State academic standards adopted by the State under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 and relevant technical knowledge and skills, including programming jointly delivered to academic and career and technical education teachers; ‘‘(B) prepares career and technical education teachers, faculty, specialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals to provide appropriate accommodations for students who are members of special populations, including through the use of principles of universal design for learning, multitier systems of supports, and positive behavioral interventions and support; and ‘‘(C) increases the ability of teachers, faculty, specialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals providing career and technical education instruction to stay current with industry standards and earn an industryrecognized credential or license, as appropriate, including by assisting those with relevant industry experience in obtaining State teacher licensure or credential requirements; ‘‘(6) supporting eligible recipients in eliminating inequities in student access to— ‘‘(A) highquality programs of study that provide skill development; and ‘‘(B) effective teachers, faculty, specialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals; ‘‘(7) awarding incentive grants to eligible recipients— ‘‘(A) for exemplary performance in carrying out programs under this Act, which awards shall be based on— ‘‘(i) eligible recipients exceeding the local level of performance on a core indicator of performance established under section 113(b)(4)(A) in a manner that reflects sustained or significant improvement; ‘‘(ii) eligible recipients effectively developing connections between secondary education and postsecondary education and training; ‘‘(iii) the integration of academic and technical standards; ‘‘(iv) eligible recipients’ progress in closing achievement gaps among subpopulations who participate in programs of study; or ‘‘(v) other factors relating to the performance of eligible recipients under this Act as the eligible agency determines are appropriate; or ‘‘(B) if an eligible recipient elects to use funds as permitted under section 135(c); ‘‘(8) providing support for— ‘‘(A) the adoption and integration of recognized postsecondary credentials and workbased learning into programs of study, and for increasing data collection associated with recognized postsecondary credentials and employment outcomes; or ‘‘(B) consultation and coordination with other State agencies for the identification and examination of licenses or certifications that— ‘‘(i) pose an unwarranted barrier to entry into the workforce for career and technical education students; and ‘‘(ii) do not protect the health, safety, or welfare of consumers; ‘‘(9) the creation, implementation, and support of pay for success initiatives leading to a recognized postsecondary credential; ‘‘(10) support for career and technical education programs for adults and outofschool youth concurrent with their completion of their secondary school education in a school or other educational setting; ‘‘(11) the creation, evaluation, and support of competencybased curricula; ‘‘(12) support for the development, implementation, and expansion of programs of study or career pathways in areas declared to be in a state of emergency under section 501 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5191); ‘‘(13) partnering with qualified intermediaries to improve training, the development of public private partnerships, systems development, capacitybuilding, and scalability of the delivery of highquality career and technical education; ‘‘(14) improvement of career guidance and academic counseling programs that assist students in making informed academic and career and technical education decisions, including academic and financial aid counseling; ‘‘(15) support for the integration of employability skills into career and technical education programs and programs of study; ‘‘(16) support for programs and activities that increase access, student engagement, and success in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields (including computer science, coding, and architecture), support for the integration of arts and design skills, and support for handson learning, particularly for students who are members of groups underrepresented in such subject fields, such as female students, minority students, and students who are members of special populations; ‘‘(17) support for career and technical student organizations, especially with respect to efforts to increase the participation of students in nontraditional fields and students who are members of special populations; ‘‘(18) support for establishing and expanding workbased learning opportunities that are aligned to career and technical education programs and programs of study; ‘‘(19) integrating and aligning programs of study and career pathways; ‘‘(20) supporting the use of career and technical education programs and programs of study aligned with State, regional, or local highskill, highwage, or indemand industry sectors or occupations identified by the State workforce development board described in section 101 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3111) or local workforce development boards; ‘‘(21) making all forms of instructional content widely available, which may include use of open educational resources; ‘‘(22) developing valid and reliable assessments of competencies and technical skills and enhancing data systems to collect and analyze data on secondary and postsecondary academic and employment outcomes; ‘‘(23) support for accelerated learning programs, as described in section 4104(b)(3)(A)(i)(IV) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965, in the case of 
any such program that is part of a career and technical education program of study; ‘‘(24) support for career academies to implement a postsecondary education and workforce ready curriculum at the secondary education level that integrates rigorous academic, technical, and employability contents through career and technical education programs and programs of study that address needs described in the comprehensive needs assessment under section 134(c); and ‘‘(25) other State leadership activities that improve career and technical education.’’; (3) by striking subsection (c); (4) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (c); and (5) in subsection (c), as redesignated by paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, unless expressly authorized under subsection (a).’’. PART C—LOCAL PROVISIONS 
SEC. 131. DISTRIBUTION OF FUNDS TO SECONDARY EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 131 (20 U.S.C. 2351) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’; (2) in subsection (c)(2)(A)(ii), by inserting ‘‘or programs of study’’ after ‘‘technical education programs’’; (3) in subsection (g), by inserting ‘‘and programs of study’’ after ‘‘technical education programs’’; and (4) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘Bureau of Indian Affairs’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Indian Education’’. 
SEC. 132. SPECIAL RULES FOR CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION. 
Section 133 (20 U.S.C. 2353) is amended by inserting ‘‘or programs of study’’ after ‘‘career and technical education programs’’ each place the term appears. 
SEC. 133. LOCAL APPLICATION FOR CAREER AND TECHNICAL EDUCATION PROGRAMS. 
Section 134 (20 U.S.C. 2354) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
PLAN’’ and inserting ‘‘ LOCAL APPLICATION ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘LOCAL PLAN’’ and inserting ‘‘L OCAL APPLICA TION’’; (B) by striking ‘‘submit a local plan’’ and inserting ‘‘submit a local application’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘Such local plan’’ and inserting ‘‘Such local application’’; and (3) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) CONTENTS .—The eligible agency shall determine the requirements for local applications, except that each local application shall contain— ‘‘(1) a description of the results of the comprehensive needs assessment conducted under subsection (c); ‘‘(2) information on the career and technical education course offerings and activities that the eligible recipient will provide with funds under this part, which shall include not less than 1 program of study approved by a State under section 124(b)(2), including— ‘‘(A) how the results of the comprehensive needs assessment described in subsection (c) informed the selection of the specific career and technical education programs and activities selected to be funded; ‘‘(B) a description of any new programs of study the eligible recipient will develop and submit to the State for approval; and ‘‘(C) how students, including students who are members of special populations, will learn about their school’s career and technical education course offerings and whether each course is part of a career and technical education program of study; ‘‘(3) a description of how the eligible recipient, in collaboration with local workforce development boards and other local workforce agencies, onestop delivery systems described in section 121(e)(2) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3151(e)(2)), and other partners, will provide— ‘‘(A) career exploration and career development coursework, activities, or services; ‘‘(B) career information on employment opportunities that incorporate the most uptodate information on highskill, highwage, or indemand industry sectors or occupations, as determined by the comprehensive needs assessment described in subsection (c); and ‘‘(C) an organized system of career guidance and academic counseling to students before enrolling and while participating in a career and technical education program; ‘‘(4) a description of how the eligible recipient will improve the academic and technical skills of students participating in career and technical education programs by strengthening the academic and career and technical education components of such programs through the integration of coherent and rigorous content aligned with challenging academic standards and relevant career and technical education programs to ensure learning in the subjects that constitute a wellrounded education (as defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965); ‘‘(5) a description of how the eligible recipient will— ‘‘(A) provide activities to prepare special populations for highskill, highwage, or indemand industry sectors or occupations that will lead to selfsufficiency; ‘‘(B) prepare CTE participants for nontraditional fields; ‘‘(C) provide equal access for special populations to career and technical education courses, programs, and programs of study; and ‘‘(D) ensure that members of special populations will not be discriminated against on the basis of their status as members of special populations; ‘‘(6) a description of the workbased learning opportunities that the eligible recipient will provide to students participating in career and technical education programs and how the recipient will work with representatives from employers to develop or expand workbased learning opportunities for career and technical education students, as applicable; ‘‘(7) a description of how the eligible recipient will provide students participating in career and technical education programs with the opportunity to gain postsecondary credit while still attending high school, such as through dual or concurrent enrollment programs or early college high school, as practicable; ‘‘(8) a description of how the eligible recipient will coordinate with the eligible agency and institutions of higher education to support the recruitment, preparation, retention, and training, including professional development, of teachers, faculty, administrators, and specialized instructional support personnel and paraprofessionals who meet applicable State certification and licensure requirements (including any requirements met through alternative routes to certification), including individuals from groups underrepresented in the teaching profession; and ‘‘(9) a description of how the eligible recipient will address disparities or gaps in performance as described in section 113(b)(3)(C)(ii)(II) in each of the plan years, and if no meaningful progress has been achieved prior to the third program year, a description of the additional actions such recipient will take to eliminate those disparities or gaps. ‘‘(c) COMPREHENSIVE NEEDS ASSESSMENT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—To be eligible to receive financial assistance under this part, an eligible recipient shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a comprehensive local needs assessment related to career and technical education and include the results of the needs assessment in the local application submitted under subsection (a); and ‘‘(B) not less than once every 2 years, update such comprehensive local needs assessment. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—The comprehensive local needs assessment described in paragraph (1) shall include each of the following: ‘‘(A) An evaluation of the performance of the students served by the eligible recipient with respect to State determined and local levels of performance established pursuant to section 113, including an evaluation of performance for special populations and each subgroup described in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965. ‘‘(B) A description of how career and technical education programs offered by the eligible recipient are— ‘‘(i) sufficient in size, scope, and quality to meet the needs of all students served by the eligible recipient; and ‘‘(ii)(I) aligned to State, regional, Tribal, or local indemand industry sectors or occupations identified by the State workforce development board described in section 101 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3111) (referred to in this section as the ‘State board’) or local workforce development board, including career pathways, where appropriate; or ‘‘(II) designed to meet local education or economic needs not identified by State boards or local workforce development boards. ‘‘(C) An evaluation of progress toward the implementation of career and technical education programs and programs of study. ‘‘(D) A description of how the eligible recipient will improve recruitment, retention, and training of career and technical education teachers, faculty, specialized instructional support personnel, paraprofessionals, and career guidance and academic counselors, including individuals in groups underrepresented in such professions. ‘‘(E) A description of progress toward implementation of equal access to highquality career and technical education courses and programs of study for all students, including— ‘‘(i) strategies to overcome barriers that result in lower rates of access to, or performance gaps in, the courses and programs for special populations; ‘‘(ii) providing programs that are designed to enable special populations to meet the local levels of performance; and ‘‘(iii) providing activities to prepare special populations for highskill, highwage, or indemand industry sectors or occupations in competitive, integrated settings that will lead to selfsufficiency. ‘‘(d) CONSULTATION .—In conducting the comprehensive needs assessment under subsection (c), and developing the local application described in subsection (b), an eligible recipient shall involve a diverse body of stakeholders, including, at a minimum— ‘‘(1) representatives of career and technical education programs in a local educational agency or educational service agency, including teachers, career guidance and academic counselors, principals and other school leaders, administrators, and specialized instructional support personnel and paraprofessionals; ‘‘(2) representatives of career and technical education programs at postsecondary educational institutions, including faculty and administrators; ‘‘(3) representatives of the State board or local workforce development boards and a range of local or regional businesses or industries; ‘‘(4) parents and students; ‘‘(5) representatives of special populations; ‘‘(6) representatives of regional or local agencies serving outofschool youth, homeless children and youth, and atrisk youth (as defined in section 1432 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965); ‘‘(7) representatives of Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations in the State, where applicable; and 
‘‘(8) any other stakeholders that the eligible agency may require the eligible recipient to consult. ‘‘(e) CONTINUED CONSULTATION .—An eligible recipient receiving financial assistance under this part shall consult with stakeholders described in subsection (d) on an ongoing basis, as determined by the eligible agency. This may include consultation in order to— ‘‘(1) provide input on annual updates to the comprehensive needs assessment required under subsection (c)(1)(B); ‘‘(2) ensure programs of study are— ‘‘(A) responsive to community employment needs; ‘‘(B) aligned with employment priorities in the State, regional, tribal, or local economy identified by employers and the entities described in subsection (d), which may include indemand industry sectors or occupations identified by the local workforce development board; ‘‘(C) informed by labor market information, including information provided under section 15(e)(2)(C) of the WagnerPeyser Act (29 U.S.C. 491–2(e)(2)(C)); ‘‘(D) designed to meet current, intermediate, or longterm labor market projections; and ‘‘(E) allow employer input, including input from industry or sector partnerships in the local area, where applicable, into the development and implementation of programs of study to ensure such programs of study align with skills required by local employment opportunities, including activities such as the identification of relevant standards, curriculum, industryrecognized credentials, and current technology and equipment; ‘‘(3) identify and encourage opportunities for workbased learning; and ‘‘(4) ensure funding under this part is used in a coordinated manner with other local resources.’’. 
Section 135 (20 U.S.C. 2355) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) G ENERAL AUTHORITY .—Each eligible recipient that receives funds under this part shall use such funds to develop, coordinate, implement, or improve career and technical education programs to meet the needs identified in the comprehensive needs assessment described in section 134(c). ‘‘(b) REQUIREMENTS FOR USES OF FUNDS.— Funds made available to eligible recipients under this part shall be used to support career and technical education programs that are of sufficient size, scope, and quality to be effective and that— ‘‘(1) provide career exploration and career development activities through an organized, systematic framework designed to aid students, including in the middle grades, before enrolling and while participating in a career and technical education program, in making informed plans and decisions about future education and career opportunities and programs of study, which may include— ‘‘(A) introductory courses or activities focused on career exploration and career awareness, including nontraditional fields; ‘‘(B) readily available career and labor market information, including information on— ‘‘(i) occupational supply and demand; ‘‘(ii) educational requirements; ‘‘(iii) other information on careers aligned to State, local, or Tribal (as applicable) economic priorities; and ‘‘(iv) employment sectors; ‘‘(C) programs and activities related to the development of student graduation and career plans; ‘‘(D) career guidance and academic counselors that provide information on postsecondary education and career options; ‘‘(E) any other activity that advances knowledge of career opportunities and assists students in making informed decisions about future education and employment goals, including non traditional fields; or ‘‘(F) providing students with strong experience in, and comprehensive understanding of, all aspects of an industry; ‘‘(2) provide professional development for teachers, faculty, school leaders, administrators, specialized instructional support personnel, career guidance and academic counselors, or paraprofessionals, which may include— ‘‘(A) professional development on supporting individualized academic and career and technical education instructional approaches, including the integration of academic and career and technical education standards and curricula; ‘‘(B) professional development on ensuring labor market information is used to inform the programs, guidance, and advisement offered to students, including information provided under section 15(e)(2)(C) of the WagnerPeyser Act (29 U.S.C. 49l–2(e)(2)(C)); ‘‘(C) providing teachers, faculty, school leaders, administrators, specialized instructional support personnel, career guidance and academic counselors, or paraprofessionals, as appropriate, with opportunities to advance knowledge, skills, and understanding of all aspects of an industry, including the latest workplace equipment, technologies, standards, and credentials; ‘‘(D) supporting school leaders and administrators in managing career and technical education programs in the schools, institutions, or local educational agencies of such school leaders or administrators; ‘‘(E) supporting the implementation of strategies to improve student achievement and close gaps in student participation and performance in career and technical education programs; ‘‘(F) providing teachers, faculty, specialized instructional support personnel, career guidance and academic counselors, principals, school leaders, or paraprofessionals, as appropriate, with opportunities to advance knowledge, skills, and understanding in pedagogical practices, including, to the extent the eligible recipient determines that such evidence is reasonably available, evidencebased pedagogical practices; ‘‘(G) training teachers, faculty, school leaders, administrators, specialized instructional support personnel, career guidance and academic counselors, or paraprofessionals, as appropriate, to provide appropriate accommodations for individuals with disabilities, and students with disabilities who are provided accommodations under the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 701 et seq.) or the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; ‘‘(H) training teachers, faculty, specialized instructional support personnel, career guidance and academic counselors, and paraprofessionals in frameworks to effectively teach students, including a particular focus on students with disabilities and English learners, which may include universal design for learning, multitier systems of supports, and positive behavioral interventions and support; or ‘‘(I) training for the effective use of community spaces that provide access to tools, technology, and knowledge for learners and entrepreneurs, such as makerspaces or libraries; ‘‘(3) provide within career and technical education the skills necessary to pursue careers in highskill, highwage, or indemand industry sectors or occupations; ‘‘(4) support integration of academic skills into career and technical education programs and programs of study to support— ‘‘(A) CTE participants at the secondary school level in meeting the challenging State academic standards adopted under section 1111(b)(1) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 by the State in which the eligible recipient is located; and ‘‘(B) CTE participants at the postsecondary level in achieving academic skills; ‘‘(5) plan and carry out elements that support the implementation of career and technical education programs and programs of study and that result in increasing student achievement of the local levels of performance established under section 113, which may include— ‘‘(A) a curriculum aligned with the requirements for a program of study; ‘‘(B) sustainable relationships among education, business and industry, and other community stakeholders, including industry or sector partnerships in the local area, where applicable, that are designed to facilitate the process of continuously updating and aligning programs of study with skills that are in demand in the State, regional, or local economy, and in collaboration with business outreach staff in one stop centers, as defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102), and other appropriate organizations, including communitybased and youth serving organizations; ‘‘(C) where appropriate, expanding opportunities for CTE concentrators to participate in accelerated learning programs (as described in section 4104(b)(3)(A)(i)(IV) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7114(b)(3)(A)(i)(IV)), including dual or concurrent enrollment programs, early college high schools, and the development or implementation of articulation agreements as part of a career and technical education program of study; ‘‘(D) appropriate equipment, technology, and instructional materials (including support for library resources) aligned with business and industry needs, including machinery, testing equipment, tools, implements, hardware and software, and other new and emerging instructional materials; ‘‘(E) a continuum of workbased learning opportunities, including simulated work environments; ‘‘(F) industryrecognized certification examinations or other assessments leading toward a recognized postsecondary credential; ‘‘(G) efforts to recruit and retain career and technical education program teachers, faculty, school leaders, administrators, specialized instructional support personnel, career guidance and academic counselors, and paraprofessionals; ‘‘(H) where applicable, coordination with other education and workforce development programs and initiatives, including career pathways and sector partnerships developed under the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3101 et seq.) and other Federal laws and initiatives that provide students with transitionrelated services, including the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act; ‘‘(I) expanding opportunities for students to participate in distance career and technical education and blendedlearning programs; ‘‘(J) expanding opportunities for students to participate in competencybased education programs; ‘‘(K) improving career guidance and academic counseling programs that assist students in making informed academic and career and technical education decisions, including academic and financial aid counseling; ‘‘(L) supporting the integration of employability skills into career and technical education programs and programs of study, including through family and consumer science programs; ‘‘(M) supporting programs and activities that increase access, student engagement, and success in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics fields (including computer science and architecture) for students who are members of groups underrepresented in such subject fields; ‘‘(N) providing career and technical education, in a school or other educational setting, for adults or outofschool youth to complete secondary school education or upgrade technical skills; ‘‘(O) supporting career and technical student organizations, including student preparation for 
and participation in technical skills competitions aligned with career and technical education program standards and curricula; ‘‘(P) making all forms of instructional content widely available, which may include use of open educational resources; ‘‘(Q) supporting the integration of arts and design skills, when appropriate, into career and technical education programs and programs of study; ‘‘(R) partnering with a qualified intermediary to improve training, the development of public private partnerships, systems development, capacitybuilding, and scalability of the delivery of highquality career and technical education; ‘‘(S) support to reduce or eliminate outof pocket expenses for special populations participating in career and technical education, including those participating in dual or concurrent enrollment programs or early college high school programs, and supporting the costs associated with fees, transportation, child care, or mobility challenges for those special populations; or ‘‘(T) other activities to improve career and technical education programs; and ‘‘(6) develop and implement evaluations of the activities carried out with funds under this part, including evaluations necessary to complete the comprehensive needs assessment required under section 134(c) and the local report required under section 113(b)(4)(B). ‘‘(c) POOLING FUNDS.—An eligible recipient may pool a portion of funds received under this Act with a portion of funds received under this Act available to one or more eligible recipients to support implementation of programs of study through the activities described in subsection (b)(2). ‘‘(d) ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS.—Each eligible recipient receiving funds under this part shall not use more than 5 percent of such funds for costs associated with the administration of activities under this section.’’. TITLE II—GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Act (20 U.S.C. 2301 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 311— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘and tech prep program activities’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)— (I) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), (C), or (D), in order for a State to receive its full allotment of funds under this Act for any fiscal year, the Secretary must find that the State’s fiscal effort per student, or the aggregate expenditures of such State, with respect to career and technical education for the preceding fiscal year was not less than the fiscal effort per student, or the aggregate expenditures of such State, for the second preceding fiscal year.’’; (II) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘shall exclude capital expenditures, special 1time project costs, and the cost of pilot programs.’’ and inserting ‘‘shall, at the request of the State, exclude competitive or incentivebased programs established by the State, capital expenditures, special onetime project costs, and the cost of pilot programs.’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) ESTABLISHING THE STATE BASELINE .—For purposes of applying subparagraph (A) for years which require the calculation of the State’s fiscal effort per student, or aggregate expenditures of such State, with respect to career and technical education for the first full fiscal year following the date of enactment of the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, the State may determine the State’s fiscal effort per student, or aggregate expenditures of such State, with respect to career and technical education for such first full fiscal year by— ‘‘(i) continuing to use the State’s fiscal effort per student, or aggregate expenditures of such State, with respect to career and technical education, as was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act; or ‘‘(ii) establishing a new level of fiscal effort per student, or aggregate expenditures of such State, with respect to career and technical education, which is not less than 95 percent of the State’s fiscal effort per student, or the aggregate expenditures of such State, with respect to career and technical education for the preceding fiscal year.’’; (ii) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) FAILURE TO MEET .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall reduce the amount of a State’s allotment of funds under this Act for any fiscal year in the exact proportion by which the State fails to meet the requirement of paragraph (1) by falling below the State’s fiscal effort per student or the State’s aggregate expenditures (using the measure most favorable to the State), if the State failed to meet such requirement (as determined using the measure most favorable to the State) for 1 or more of the 5 immediately preceding fiscal years. ‘‘(B) SPECIAL RULE .—No such lesser amount shall be used for computing the effort required under paragraph (1) for subsequent years. ‘‘(3) WAIVER .—The Secretary may waive paragraph (2) due to exceptional or uncontrollable circumstances affecting the ability of the State to meet the requirement of paragraph (1) such as a natural disaster or an unforeseen and precipitous decline in financial resources. No level of funding permitted under such a waiver may be used as the basis for computing the fiscal effort or aggregate expenditures required under this section for years subsequent to the year covered by such waiver. The fiscal effort or aggregate expenditures for the subsequent years shall be computed on the basis of the level of funding that would, but for such waiver, have been required.’’; (2) in section 314(1), by striking ‘‘career path or major’’ and inserting ‘‘career pathway or program of study’’; (3) in section 315— (A) by inserting ‘‘or programs of study’’ after ‘‘career and technical education programs’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘seventh grade’’ and inserting ‘‘the middle grades (as such term is defined in section 8101 of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965)’’; (4) in section 317(b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, including programs of study,’’ after ‘‘activities’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘who reside in the geographical area served by’’ and inserting ‘‘in areas served by’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘the geographical area’’ and inserting ‘‘areas’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, including programs of study,’’ after ‘‘activities’’; (5) by striking title II and redesignating title III as title II; (6) by redesignating sections 311 through 318, as amended by this section, as sections 211 through 218, respectively; (7) by redesignating sections 321 through 324 as sections 221 through 224, respectively; and (8) by inserting after section 218 (as so redesignated) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 219. STUDY ON PROGRAMS OF STUDY ALIGNED TO HIGHSKILL, HIGH WAGE OCCUPATIONS. 
‘‘(a) S COPE OF STUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study to evaluate— ‘‘(1) the strategies, components, policies, and practices used by eligible agencies or eligible recipients receiving funding under this Act to successfully assist— ‘‘(A) all students in pursuing and completing programs of study aligned to highskill, high wage occupations; and ‘‘(B) any special population or specific subgroup of students identified in section 1111(h)(1)(C)(ii) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 in pursuing and completing programs of study aligned to high skill, highwage occupations in fields in which such special population or subgroup is underrepresented; and ‘‘(2) any challenges associated with replication of such strategies, components, policies, and practices. ‘‘(b) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out the study conducted under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall consult with a geographically diverse (including urban, suburban, and rural) representation of— ‘‘(1) students and parents; ‘‘(2) eligible agencies and eligible recipients; ‘‘(3) teachers, faculty, specialized instructional support personnel, and paraprofessionals, including those with expertise in preparing career and technical education students for non traditional fields; ‘‘(4) Indian Tribes and Tribal organizations; ‘‘(5) special populations; and ‘‘(6) representatives of business and industry. ‘‘(c) SUBMISSION .—Upon completion, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit the study conducted under subsection (a) to the Committee on Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 8(a) (20 U.S.C. 2306a(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘311(b), and 323’’ and inserting ‘‘211(b), and 223’’. TITLE III—AMENDMENTS TO OTHER LAWS 
Section 15(e)(2) of the WagnerPeyser Act (29 U.S.C. 49l–2(e)(2)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) consult with eligible agencies (defined in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302)), State educational agencies, and local educational agencies concerning the provision of workforce and labor market information in order to— ‘‘(i) meet the needs of secondary school and postsecondary school students who seek such information; and ‘‘(ii) annually inform the development and implementation of programs of study defined in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302), and career pathways;’’; (2) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (3) in subparagraph (H), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) provide, on an annual and timely basis to each eligible agency (defined in section 3 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2302)), the data and information described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of subsection (a)(1).’’. 
SEC. 302. AMENDMENTS TO THE ELEMENTARY AND SECONDARY EDUCATION ACT OF 1965. 
(1) Section 1111(h)(1)(C)(xiv) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 6311(h)(1)(C)(xiv)) is amended by striking ‘‘attaining career and technical proficiencies (as defined by section 113(b) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2323(b)) and reported by States only in a manner consistent with section 113(c) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 2323(c))’’ and inserting ‘‘meeting 
State determined levels of performance for core indicators, as defined by section 113(b)(3)(A) of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 (20 U.S.C. 2323(b)(3)(A)), and reported by States only in a manner consistent with section 113(b)(3)(C) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 2323(b)(3)(C))’’. (2) Section 6115(b)(6) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7425(b)(6)) is amended by striking ‘‘techprep education, mentoring,’’ and inserting ‘‘mentoring’’. (3) Section 6304(a)(3)(K) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7544(a)(3)(K)) is amended by striking ‘‘tech prep,’’. 
SEC. 303. AMENDMENT TO THE WORKFORCE INNOVATION AND OPPORTUNITY ACT. 
Section 134(c)(2)(A)(vii) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3174(c)(2)(A)(vii)) is amended by striking ‘‘school dropouts’’ and inserting ‘‘outofschool youth’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) and the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the Senate amendment to H.R. 2353. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), the chairwoman of the House Education and the Workforce Committee. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. THOMPSON for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, today has been a long time coming, so I will be brief. The legislation we are here to send to the President’s desk is a true difference maker. Every one of us knows someone God has blessed with skills, talents, and ideas that do not fit the mold of traditional postsecondary education. Because of that, they may not believe they have much to offer or much to gain by joining the workforce without the ‘‘right’’ degree or diploma. But there really isn’t a right degree or diploma. By updating and strengthening the career and technical education law, which H.R. 2353 does, we are making significant progress in changing those misguided perceptions and giving workforce development the recognition and credit it deserves. We have more than 6 million unfilled jobs in this country, due in large part to the skills gap. The skills gap is partly the result of an outdated approach to workforce development. H.R. 2353 supports innovative learning opportunities and strong community partnerships, addressing the problem of vacant jobs and workforce development needs where they exist: at the local level. I want to recognize the bipartisan effort that has gotten us here today. Congressman GLENN THOMPSON and Congressman RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI , along with a great staff, delivered a great bill for us to work on at the Education and the Workforce Committee. Since we marked it up, reported it, and the House passed the bill last year, I have been pleased and I have been proud to work with Ranking Member BOBBY SCOTT in urging Senate consideration of this legislation. I thank House leaders for bringing this bill back to the floor as soon as we could after the Senate passed it on Monday night. On behalf of every member and staff person of the Education and the Workforce Committee, I am grateful this bill is before the House today, and I am proud of all of their hard work. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this legislation. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman THOMPSON for his partnership on this legislation, and Chairwoman FOXXand Ranking Member SCOTT for their leadership. Lastly, I thank our colleagues in the Senate for working hard to pass H.R. 2353 earlier this week. It has now been 12 years since Congress acted to update this critical program. The Bureau of Labor Statistics recently reported a skills gap of 6.5 million unfilled jobs. Compared to this time last year, there are now an additional 1 million job openings where employers can’t find applicants with the adequate skills or training to fill them. For the health of our economy, the prosperity of our workers, and the strength of our businesses, we must reverse this trend, and we must reverse it now. Our bipartisan legislation, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, implements critical reforms to ensure American technical education and training programs prepare students for highwage, indemand jobs in their communities. This legislation aligns CTE programs to meet the needs of local labor markets, gives business and workforce experts a seat at the table when CTE curricula are crafted, and preserves robust accountability standards to protect American students. This legislation also increases funding to Perkins CTE programs to record levels, ensuring that each State across the country receives sufficient Federal resources to build a dynamic, growing workforce and a thriving economy. Congress hasn’t made substantive reforms to career and technical education since 2006, before the invention of the iPhone and long before the current technological revolution. American students, workers, and businesses are depending on us today to reform and reauthorize Perkins CTE. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 2353, as amended, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as cochair of the Career and Technical Education Caucus, I am happy to say that this legislation, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, will help move us in the right direction. This bill has been the result of a long, bipartisan effort that I have been proud to lead with my CTE Caucus co chair, Mr. LANGEVIN from Rhode Island, and now with my cosponsor from the Education and Workforce Committee, Representative RAJA KRISHNAMOORTHI . It has been more than a decade since our Federal role in our Nation’s CTE programs has been modernized, and so much of our society has changed since then. Right now, there are more than 6.5 million unfilled jobs in this country, and we are finally recognizing the impact of the skills gap. A study concluded by the Brookings Institute found that, in the next decade, 3 million workers will be needed in the infrastructure industry alone. This includes careers in transportation, housing, and telecommunications. As a father, I know there is nothing parents want more for their kids than a life that is better than their own, but only half of all Americans today expect their children to have a brighter future than they did. The Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act aims to help more Americans, particularly younger Americans, obtain the knowledge and skills they need to break the cycle of poverty and achieve a lifetime of success. A big part of that goal is ensuring Federal policies take meaningful steps to address the challenges and realities facing today’s students, workers, and employers. We want State and local leaders to be able to focus their time and resources on preparing students for successful careers. H.R. 2353 helps with this goal by simplifying the application process for receiving Federal funds and providing States and local leaders with the flexibility needed to design CTE programs that best meet the needs of their local communities. Perhaps most importantly, this bill makes improvements on alignment with indemand jobs by supporting innovative learning opportunities and encouraging stronger engagement with employers. The bill promotes work based learning, a technique that allows potential employers to give students handson experience. 
The best thing about this bill is that it is going to be a gamechanger for American students. The second best thing about this bill is that it has enjoyed not just bipartisan support, but unanimous support in both the House and the Senate so far. We are here today to take the last step before sending this vitally important legislation to the President for his signature. I would be remiss not to personally take a moment to thank the many staffers who have made this bill possible: Matthew Brennan, Paul Camacho, and Michelle Rakebrand from my office; former staffer Katie Brown; Education and the Workforce Committee staffers James Redstone, Brad Thomas, Alex Ricci, Mandy Schaumburg, and Amy Jones; and the Senate HELP Committee staff, who have worked behind the scenes to get us to where we are today. b1245 This legislation is supported by a unified coalition of education, business, and industry organizations. And a specific thank you to Boeing, IBM, and the Chamber of Commerce for their leadership. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to be joined by other members of the Education and the Workforce Committee to talk about what this bill means to our constituents. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT). Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise as ranking member of the Committee on Education and the Workforce in support of H.R. 2353, the Strengthening CTE for the 21st Century Act, which will reauthorize the Perkins Career and Technical Education Program, the CTE program. Mr. Speaker, the House passed the CTE reauthorization in the last Congress and again last year. The Senate made minor changes to the bill, and now we are on the verge of final passage today. In passing the bill, we will be updating the Federal investment in CTE to provide increased State flexibility, while ensuring greater accountability for program quality. H.R. 2353 will also require a more inclusive collaboration between educational institutions, industry, employers, and community partners. Today’s CTE will not be the vocational education of the past. Workers rarely hold the same job for 40 years. Workers often have several jobs throughout their careers, which is why modern CTE programs must help ensure that students receive a foundational education that will help students switch in their career or academic tracks at any time. I thank the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI ) and the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMP SON) for their bipartisan leadership, and, of course, the chair of the Committee on Education and the Workforce, Dr. FOXX. Because of their work, the House was able to produce a comprehensive reauthorization of Perkins CTE, which will improve program quality and services for students, and support educational programming that engages all students by linking core academic content with realworld, work based skills development. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to say thank you to the ranking member for his help and leadership with marshalling this through the process that we have. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE), a colleague and classmate of mine. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2353. The number one thing I hear from employers back home is that they have goodpaying jobs available, but they can’t find workers who have the necessary training or soft skills. I have also heard that employers are not engaged early enough in the process, and the reforms in today’s bill should help address these concerns. This bill helps encourage community partnerships and engages employers to help ensure employment opportunities for future generations. Most importantly, by Congress acting today, we show our commitment to help those for whom college may not be the right fit by offering them better, skillsbased learning opportunities that will ultimately result in jobs to support themselves and their families. I am also pleased to see the inclusion of provisions from the American Dream Accounts Act, which I introduced last week with Representative MOULTON . This will allow community partnerships to help engage kids to plan and save for technical education programs. A program in Elizabethton, Tennessee, is doing just this, with promising results. With these important reforms, we can help ensure that the labor force of tomorrow has the skills it needs today. I urge support. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. LANGEVIN ). Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, as co chair of the bipartisan Career and Technical Education Caucus, I am proud to rise in strong support of the Senate amendment to H.R. 2353, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. This important bill is long overdue. The Carl D. Perkins CTE Act hasn’t been reauthorized in more than a decade, and updating it is a vital step toward supporting students and businesses across the country. In particular, I would like to thank my CTE Caucus cochair, Representative GLENN ‘‘GT’’ T HOMPSON , for his leadership on this bill and partnership in Congress on this issue over the last many years. I also want to recognize my House and Senate colleagues on both sides of the aisle, including Chairwoman FOXX, Ranking Member SCOTT, and Congressman KRISHNAMOORTHI , who have demonstrated great bipartisanship in crafting this legislation. I also thank the many partners from across the country from education and the business community for their work on this important bill, and also the many staffers who worked so hard on this, particularly Kerry McKittrick from my staff, and former staffers Sam Morgante and Kirtley Fisher over the years as well. For the past 10 years, I have heard the same concern from employers in Rhode Island, that they are unable to find skilled workers to fill open jobs in manufacturing, IT, and other skilled trades, and it is hurting their businesses. I know that other Members have heard this from their businesses across the country as well. Mr. Speaker, we need to ensure our workforce is equipped with the tools that they need to meet these demands in order to close the skills gap, especially skills for our young people entering the workforce. By aligning CTE programs with industry needs, we will ensure students are learning the academic, technical, and employability skills to succeed in growing economic sectors. I am proud that the Strengthening CTE for the 21st Century Act does just this, while making other important reforms that I have long championed, including expanding access to apprenticeships to give students valuable, handson learning experiences and supporting career counselors to guide students down appropriate academic and career paths. With these components, I am proud to support the Senate amendment to H.R. 2353, and I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important bill. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, first of all, my thanks to Mr. LANGEVIN for his longtime friendship and leadership on career and technical education. I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS). Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. THOMPSON for his leadership on this legislation, as well as Chairman FOXX, Ranking Member SCOTT, and my colleagues on the Education and the Workforce Committee. This great bipartisan effort could not come at a more critical time. As our economy continues to boom, employers across the Nation are struggling to find the skilled workers needed to fill well paying jobs and grow their businesses. The legislation here strengthens the Perkins Act to ensure students gain the necessary skills to compete in the modern economy. I am particularly pleased that the final legislation includes my provisions to encourage and expand dual enrollment opportunities, putting more students on the fast track to a great career. 
Minnesota’s Second District is home to some great technical colleges, and dual enrollment allows high school students to access these programs and to begin working toward an indemand credential or degree. I am proud to support this bill to close the skills gap and help our students succeed. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. NOLAN ). Mr. NOLAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this critically important bipartisan reauthorization of the Career and Technical Education Act. I want to especially commend Chairwoman FOXX; Ranking Member S COTT; and, of course, the real hard workers on this deal, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI and Mr. THOMPSON ; and all the original cosponsors, staff, and people who support this legislation. Time and again, when I visit with owners and managers of manufacturing facilities in my northern Minnesota district, I am told two things. The first is that the employees they have hired who participated in the Career and Technical Education Act are among the very best that they have in their employment. The second point that they make is that they need more CTE trained employees. All up and down the line, from healthcare, to construction, information technology, aviation, transportation, you name it, the list goes on, and the jobs are waiting. This bill adds important new provisions to expand and update CTE, so that they can be filled. It gives States more flexibility to focus on the jobs and careers in high demand in their regions. Employers and communities get the tools that they need to develop stronger partnerships and to engage students and grow our local economies. And students get the tools that they need to compete and succeed in 21st century jobs and the economy. That is what this is all about, Mr. Speaker. It is about more goodpaying jobs. It is about great opportunities for students to learn and develop valuable skills, to develop more dynamic growth for an economy in need of the best, mostskilled workers that America can provide. I urge all of my colleagues to support this critical and important legislation. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ). Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, it is very refreshing here and a historic day in Congress when we are working together to do something big, and I am just proud to be a part of it. During my time in Congress, I have traveled the 12th District, visiting many schools, and I have spoken to numerous groups of young students. One question I always ask is why they are getting an education. Typically, students will respond with a wide variety of reasons, but the answer is to prepare for a job, to build a successful career, to live the American Dream. Oftentimes, a 4year degree isn’t the right fit. Work is a Godgiven right, and I believe that young people today have the greatest opportunity to live the American Dream than at any time in my lifetime. I am proud to say that I helped create legislation that prioritizes these indemand job skills and education. H.R. 2353, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, does a lot of great things. But as a smallbusiness owner, I made sure, during the drafting process, that this legislation would bridge the gap between the business and education community by finally bringing business leaders to the table to create CTE programs for indemand jobs in our hometowns. Thanks to tax reform and deregulation, our economy is booming: 6.7 million jobs are open and available, and the American Dream is right there for the taking. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. DAVIS). Mrs. DAVIS of California. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that our colleagues in the Senate have joined the House in passing career and technical education legislation. I want to thank Chairwoman FOXX and Ranking Member SCOTT, along with our authors of the bill, for your leadership in moving the House version of this bill through committee. Also, today, we gathered experts from across the country to participate in the committee’s first Workforce Innovation Forum. We just had an opportunity to hear from these innovators from cities around the country about the importance of investments and workforce development programs, and they shared how Federal investments can spur private investments in students, raise public awareness—very, very critical—of these programs, and connect workers to jobs in their communities. CTE provides a crucial link between the K–12 system and the workforce, and allows promising students to prepare for fields where highpaying jobs are available. Mr. Speaker, every day, families across America gather around the kitchen table to discuss college and career options, and we need to make sure that highneed job development programs are a bigger part of that conversation. Students and parents need good, current information to make these critical decisions. The flexibility in many of these programs offers our students less time in the classroom and more time in the workplace. And the handson education model keeps people engaged while teaching necessary soft skills before graduation. Every person deserves a quality education, and every community deserves a thriving local economy with highly skilled workers. I am proud to support career and technical education, and look forward to working with our community partners to implement this very important legislation. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. WALBERG ), a subcommittee chairman of the Education and the Workforce Committee for the Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions Subcommittee. b1300 Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 2353, the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. I also thank my colleagues and sponsors of this legislation, Representative THOMPSON from Pennsylvania and my good friend from Illinois, Representative KRISHNAMOORTHI . As I have met with students, teachers, and employers in my district, I have consistently heard the need to expand CTE opportunities and invest in a skilled workforce. In today’s economy, we need to celebrate the fact that not everyone follows the same path. While many students pursue 4year degrees, many others know their sweet spots lie somewhere else. Career and technical education provides students with handson experience that can lead to a good paying job and a rewarding career. I am also pleased this bipartisan legislation includes my provisions to address unnecessary and duplicative licensing requirements that act as a barrier for workers trying to get their foot in the door. I commend my colleagues on the Education and the Workforce Committee for making it a priority to modernize and strengthen CTE programs. Coming from a manufacturing hub like Michigan, this bill will make a big difference for the hardworking men and women of our State. Let’s pass it today and help every American pursue their personal paths to the American Dream. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Connecticut (Mr. COURTNEY ). Mr. COURTNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today as a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee in strong support of the Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act. This bill will reauthorize the Perkins Career and Technical Education Act for the first time since 2006. Mr. Speaker, I congratulate Chairwoman FOXX, Ranking Member S COTT, Congressman THOMPSON , and Congressman KRISHNAMOORTHI for their hard work getting this measure through both chambers for the first time in 12 years. This bill is about preparing secondary and postsecondary students with the academic, technical, and employability skills required to be successful in the workforce at a critical time for our economy. 
For example, according to the National Association of Manufacturers, there will be more than 3.5 million open manufacturing jobs through 2025, and unless we can better prepare that future workforce, 2 million of these jobs will go unfilled. This reauthorization will incentivize technical schools to boost performance by providing schools with more flexibility that will allow schools to use Federal grant money to align casework and training with the workforce needs in their region. In eastern Connecticut and Rhode Island, as we ramp up submarine production that will require 14,000 new workers over the next 8 years, an updated Perkins law will be an asset to the Electric Boat shipyard and submarine suppliers for years to come. My district is home to four technical high schools: Norwich, Windham, Grasso, and Ellis Technical High School. In May, I had the opportunity to visit Ellis Tech in Danielson and saw firsthand the impressive programs offered to their 600plus students from 20 towns in the region. In addition to the programming at the school, Ellis partners with local community colleges to offer juniors and seniors the opportunity to receive college credits and reduce the cost of higher education. This bill will take programs like Ellis to a higher and better place just in the nick of time for our economy. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to support final passage of this important measure to build a stronger American workforce. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ), another of our subcommittee chairmen in the House Education and the Workforce Committee, and the chairman of the Workforce Protections Subcommittee. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we have a skills crisis in our country. We actually have more job openings than we have unemployed Americans. This is keeping our economy from reaching full potential. So how do we solve this problem? Well, a big way is through expanding career and technical education programs. As the demands of the workforce continue to change and become more complex, these programs are critical to building the workforce of the 21st century. I have seen these programs firsthand back in Alabama in our high schools, when I was the chancellor of postsecondary education, and I saw it at work in our 2year colleges. They benefit the local economy by helping fill open jobs, but they make the lives of our students intrinsically better by connecting them with the skills they need to thrive. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill and show the strong bipartisan support that we showed when it passed the House the first time. Career and technical education is for everybody in America, and America’s House needs to stand up and support it. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague for yielding. As a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 2353, the bipartisan Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, a bill to support students and prepare them for the future. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on both sides of the aisle for their work on this important legislation. In Oregon, current technical education classes, like Beaverton’s Aloha High School’s Auto Tech program and Newberg High School’s CAD Lab, engage more students, boost graduation rates, and give students the opportunity to learn real world skills. Federal CTE funding provides critical equipment that schools need to make these handson classes meaningful experiences for students in Oregon and across the country. I am proud that this bill includes the amendment I worked on with Representative ELISE STEFANIK , my cochair of the STEAM Caucus, to encourage the integration of arts and design skills into STEM CTE programs. Our provision will help make sure that the next generation of students are creative and innovative by fully engaging and educating both halves of the brain through art and design. Mr. Speaker, I want to, again, thank my colleagues, and especially Ranking Member SCOTT and Chairwoman F OXX for their leadership on this issue. We have been waiting for a long time for this bipartisan bill, and I am proud to stand in strong support today. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ). Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to speak on this bill. As anybody who talks to the average person knows, in this country today, we have a huge labor shortage of people ready to do the type of jobs that industry needs. I have more manufacturing jobs in my district than any other congressman around the country, and the number one problem we have is we can’t find people to do those jobs. We all have medical facilities around this country, and again and again, nurses or other skilled people are not available for the huge number of job openings that are out there. Meanwhile, we have hundreds of thousands, maybe millions of people getting 4year degrees or part of 4year degrees and not finding jobs that pay anywhere near as good as some of the jobs you can get at a technical school. Earlier this morning I looked at a local technical school here in town that had a demonstration project on some of the robotics training that they are doing, and we had people who are starting at $25, $30, $35 an hour, and that is before overtime. And these people, because the degrees take only 2 years to get and frequently allow you to live at home, are graduating without debt, unlike many people who have been foolishly told to go to a 4year college and are not getting a lot out of it. So I am pleased today to vote for the Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act, which will also reduce, to a degree, paperwork required by the Federal Government. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. EMMER ). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Wisconsin. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I would also just like to thank those businesses out there that are training people out there without the benefit of government education at all, because those are also sometimes frequently very good jobs. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. FERGUSON ), a fellow colleague from the Education and the Workforce Committee. Mr. FERGUSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in favor of H.R. 2353. It has been a year since this House passed reauthorization, and I am thrilled the Senate finally took action to pass the bill earlier this week. This legislation is vital to supporting career and technical education, such as apprenticeship programs, all across my district. As I have spoken with folks back home, I have heard time and time again from businessowners the importance of training a new generation of skilled workers. Many of the current employees are nearing retirement age, and these businessowners are facing an evershrinking pool of skilled labor. I also see students seeking more opportunities other than a 4year degree. CTE programs are a solution for both of these groups, and I am proud that there are so many examples of this in the Third District of Georgia. In fact, today, Kathy Carlisle from the THINC Academy in LaGrange, Georgia, testified in front of the Education and the Workforce Committee. Dr. Carlisle shared how THINC has contributed to a community revitalization success story and what happens when the local leaders of the business community and innovative educators come together. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 
seconds to the gentleman from Georgia. Mr. FERGUSON. This bill will continue these opportunities, increasing funding, and giving States more flexibility to implement innovative programs. Most importantly, a diverse group of members from our community from all socioeconomic backgrounds stand on the edge of success, and this will help get them there. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to seeing this bill pass, and I urge everyone to support it. Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to say thank you, again, to Congressman G.T. THOMPSON , Chairwoman F OXX, Ranking Member SCOTT, all the members of the Education and the Workforce Committee, all the staff on the Education and the Workforce Committee, and a point of personal privilege, Sam Morgante and Brian Kaissi for their yeoman’s work on my staff. The CTE bill will begin a career and technical education revolution in this country. It will allow us to equip millions of young people and those in career transition with the skills to take the jobs of the future. There are 6.7 million unfilled jobs that are waiting to be filled by motivated, enterprising, hardworking people who seek a middle class lifestyle, which is the American Dream. Mr. Speaker, I urge strong support of this landmark legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire how much time remains on my side of the aisle? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 5 minutes remaining. Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, today what we are talking about is restoring rungs in the ladder of opportunity. This is about providing better access to more effective skillsbased education for all Americans. A lot of people listening sometimes think about career and technical education, and appropriately, they think about our kids who we are trying to equip and prepare them to be successful in life, to have better lives than what we have had as their parents, and we certainly are here to do that. This legislation does serve those kids. But this legislation serves Americans at any age, at every point in their life, to be able to tap back into a system, to get a little bit more training, a certification, a specialization, to be able to get a promotion, to get a better job. And it really is about upward mobility, Mr. Speaker. I would say on every school day somewhere around this country, there is a student, maybe a young lady, that is not really motivated to get out of bed to go off to school, because she is someone that doesn’t learn perhaps as well as others in a conventional education setting where people are lecturing and, you know, just being in the classroom setting. And she is reluctant. When she does go to school, my guess is she is probably in that classroom, and many times you find her with her head down on her desk. But if you put the tools, Mr. Speaker, of career and technical education in her hands, she becomes inspired. Now, that could be a welder, it could be wrenches, it could be a hammer, it could be a keyboard, it could be a paintbrush, it could be a stethoscope, it could be the tools of agriculture. There are just so many tools. You put one of those tools in her hands, she is inspired. You have lit her life on fire of what is possible. I would say this morning, when we all got up and we are having our breakfast, somewhere in America, many places in America, there were young families sitting around the table, maybe a husband and wife that have maybe young children, who, because of unemployment or underemployment, they are just wondering how they are going to pay the bills. This is a piece of legislation that serves that man and that woman to be able to get back into the workforce. Perhaps, Mr. Speaker, to get back into the workforce for the first time in a generation. b1315 For those folks who are living in intergenerational poverty, they have been in poverty so long that they don’t recall what happened in generations past that placed their family in that situation. But this is a rung on the ladder of opportunity to climb out of those circumstances. Mr. Speaker, there are many places in this country today where employers are waking up faced with a difficult decision. They have had a business that has been very, very successful. They have done well in life, and they have got a great product or a great service. They have got a great location. They have got a great marketing plan. They have got a great compliance plan to deal with overregulation. But what they don’t have is a qualified and trained workforce. They have two decisions to make that morning. All of it involves shuttering that business, closing it, putting plywood on the doors and the windows, and just walking away and enjoying what they have earned and accumulated; or moving that business overseas where, perhaps, there are more warm bodies to be able to fill those jobs. This bill serves those employers as well. And so, once again, I want to thank Representative KRISHNAMOORTHI as well as all of the Members of the House Committee on Education and the Workforce. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the Senate amendment to H.R. 2353, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, as a member of the Education and the Workforce Committee, and representative of Kansas’ manufacturing hub known as the Air Capital of the World . . . I have heard repeatedly about the skills gap facing employers and today’s labor force. For a generation . . . many have stressed the importance of a 4year degree over that of a technical skill. While a 4year degree remains vitally important . . . we must not forget the equal need for career and technical education . . . especially when our economy now has more job openings than qualified applicants. That’s why I’m proud to support H.R. 2353. This bipartisan bill helps more Americans enter the workforce with skills they need to succeed. The bill provides local leaders more resources and flexibility to adapt to changing education and economic needs; supports more collaboration between employers and educators to close the skills gap; streamlines performance measures for CTE programs; and reigns in Washington’s control over individual curriculums and performance. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. THOMPSON ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 2353. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONDEMNING THE VIOLENCE, PERSECUTION, INTIMIDATION, AND MURDERS COMMITTED BY THE GOVERNMENT OF NICARAGUA AGAINST ITS CITIZENS Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and agree to the resolution (H. Res. 981) condemning the violence, persecution, intimidation, and murders committed by the Government of Nicaragua against its citizens, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 981 Whereas Daniel Ortega has taken systematic steps to weaken democratic institutions in Nicaragua since 2006, including by manipulating the Nicaraguan Constitution through actions such as eliminating presidential term limits; Whereas Daniel Ortega selected his wife, Rosario Murillo, as his vicepresidential candidate in 2016; Whereas domestic and international observers have repeatedly documented and criticized irregularities in the 2011 and 2016 presidential elections as well as the 2012 and 2017 municipal elections in Nicaragua; Whereas, on April 18, 2018, students in Nicaragua began to protest the unilateral decision of the Government of Nicaragua to impose reforms on the Nicaraguan Social Security Institute; Whereas the protests were met with a violent and brutal response from the Nicaraguan National Police, subsequently resulting in a widespread call by the Nicaraguan 
people for freedom, democracy, electoral reforms, and respect for human rights; Whereas since April 18, 2018, the Nicaraguan government, the Nicaraguan National Police, or militias controlled by the Nicaraguan government have been responsible for escalating violence, committing murders, and many cases of torture and disappearances; Whereas to block the dissemination of reports of violence and repression committed against peaceful protesters, the Nicaraguan government shut down the signal of media stations throughout Nicaragua; Whereas according to press reports, the Nicaraguan government has denied basic medical care to and attempted to poison the food and water of those protesting oppression under the Ortega administration; Whereas, on the night of April 20, 2018, a progovernment mob set fire to the offices of independent radio station Radio Darı ´o in the city of Leo´n; Whereas, on April 20, 2018, Ambassador Michael Kozak, the Acting Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary of the Bureau of Democracy, Human Rights, and Labor of the Department of State, said, ‘‘Nicaragua is going in the wrong direction on many fronts and that is one of them, of media freedom. But also on all the basics, I mean, it’s a long litany of torture, extrajudicial killing, the elections were a sham . . . the Ortega government has basically shut down a lot of the opposition, a lot of the independent civil society organizations as well as the free media’’; Whereas, on April 21, 2018, Nicaraguan journalist A´ngel Gahona was shot and killed by progovernment security forces while broadcasting live on Facebook; Whereas, on April 21, 2018, the Department of State issued a travel advisory for Nicaragua and since then has continued to advise travelers to reconsider travel to Nicaragua due to ongoing violence; Whereas, on April 22, 2018, the Department of State issued a statement that ‘‘we condemn the violence and the excessive force used by police and others against civilians who are exercising their constitutional right to freedom of expression and assembly’’; Whereas, on April 23, 2018, the Department of State ordered the departure of family members accompanying United States Government personnel in Nicaragua and also authorized the departure of such personnel; Whereas, on Mother’s Day in Nicaragua, May 31, 2018, press reports stated that peaceful marches to support the mothers of the victims of the earlier protests encountered violence from ‘‘the repressive police and shock forces’’, leaving 15 dead and nearly 200 injured in the cities of Managua, Estelı ´and Masaya; Whereas, on May 31, 2018, the Department of State issued a statement saying that ‘‘those individuals responsible for human rights violations will be held accountable by the international community in international fora’’ in response to the violence during the Mother’s Day protests; Whereas, on June 4, 2018, Secretary Pompeo, participating in the Organization of American States General Assembly in the District of Columbia, stated, ‘‘In Nicaragua police and governmentcontrolled armed groups have killed dozens, merely for peacefully protesting’’; Whereas, on June 7, 2018, the Department of State announced visa restrictions against individuals involved in human rights abuses or undermining democracy in Nicaragua; Whereas, on June 20, 2018, the Department of State announced, ‘‘The United States condemns the ongoing governmentsponsored violence and intimidation campaign in Nicaragua, including the June 16 arson attack against the home and business of a family in Managua, killing six, and the further intimidation of the family during the wake’’; Whereas a report from the Asociacio ´n Nicaragu¨ense Pro Derechos Humanos (Nicaraguan Association for Human Rights) states that as of June 25, 2018, at least 285 people have been killed, over 1,500 people have been injured, and 156 people continue to be disappeared; Whereas the Catholic Church has played an important role serving as a mediator between protesters and the Government of Nicaragua, and Catholic bishops and priests have risked their lives trying to prevent more massacres; and Whereas the United States House of Representatives has sought to reestablish democracy and the rule of law in Nicaragua by passing H.R. 1918, the Nicaraguan Investment Conditionality Act, on October 3, 2017, by unanimous consent: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representatives— (1) condemns the violence, persecution, intimidation, and murders of peaceful protesters by the Government of Nicaragua; (2) supports the people of Nicaragua in their pursuit for democracy, including their call for free and fair elections overseen by credible domestic and international observers; (3) urges the international community to stand in solidarity with the people of Nicaragua; (4) calls on the United States to continue to condemn the atrocities in Nicaragua, demand the release of individuals wrongfully detained, and identify those individuals whose involvement in this violence qualifies for the imposition of sanctions under the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act (subtitle F of title XII of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016; 22 U.S.C. 2656 note); and (5) affirms that— (A) the rights to freedom of assembly, association, and expression, the freedom of the press, and freedom from extrajudicial detention and violence, are universal human rights that apply to all persons; and (B) countries that fail to respect these rights jeopardize the security and prosperity of all of their citizens. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SIRES) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material in the RECORD . The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would really like to begin by thanking our Foreign Affairs chairman emeritus, ILEANA ROS LEHTINEN , and I do also want to thank my other colleagues on the committee. I also thank ALBIO SIRES for his work on this measure, along with Colonel Cook. I think it is very timely. It is very important. I think, for those whose families have experienced what it is like under a totalitarian system, there is a special identification with what the victims are going through right now as a result of the authoritarian bent, right now, of President Daniel Ortega, the same Daniel Ortega we remember from 1979. But he lost an election, I think it was, in 1990. He has had five terms. But in consolidating his power, he has moved to an authoritarian approach in tightening that grip where he has now resorted to using brutal force against the students on their campuses if they protest; brutal force against the people who seek refuge in the churches, shooting up the churches, something that Congressman JUAN VARGAS was talking to me about the other day; brutal force in the villages against those who protest, creating a situation with hundreds and hundreds of deaths and thousands of injuries. I can just tell you personally, I have a constituent and friend in the district, and she is from one of those villages. She saw me and gave me a little letter the other day about the fate of some of her neighbors who died at the hands of one of these attacks in the villages. They were murdered there on the streets of her small village. I think the reason that this resolution represents such a broad, bipartisan consensus in this condemnation of Ortega’s regime is because of the nature of that violence. What this resolution does is support the people of Nicaragua in their pursuit of freedom. Nicaraguans, understandably, want selfdetermination. They want an end to corruption. They are asking for free and fair elections. The international community—in particular, the Organization of American States regional leaders—must continue to stand with these brave students and church leaders and villagers who are being targeted and being assassinated by thugs working on behalf of and at the behest of Daniel Ortega. When we think about this circumstance and other authoritarian leaders, one of the allies of Daniel Ortega is Nicolas Maduro. He uses these same tactics against the Venezuelan people, and the people deserve better than this. This resolution shows this body’s commitment to standing shoulder to shoulder with those without a voice, seeking freedom from those authoritarians who are becoming dictators. The administration was correct earlier this month in sanctioning three senior Nicaraguan officials for human rights abuses and corruption under the U.S. Global Magnitsky Act, a measure that we passed out of our committee, and that is something that this resolution affirms. But more can still be done. This resolution encourages the administration to continue to pressure Ortega to stop the violence and to move forward with free and fair elections. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. In response to Ortega’s brutal crackdown on peaceful protests and human rights violations, I urge my colleagues to support H. Res. 981, condemning the violence, persecution, and intimidation committed by the Government of Nicaragua against its citizens. As we know, the Nicaraguan people are suffering as the Ortega government continues to punish citizens for pursuing greater democratic rights. Since Ortega came into power, he has worked hard to consolidate power in the hands of his family and party loyalists at the expense of Nicaraguan citizens. The peaceful protests that began in April initially opposed the proposed government reform to social security. However, as Ortega ordered violent crackdowns by government security forces, the demonstrations gradually became a call for a more democratic Nicaragua. The Catholic Church has attempted numerous times to mediate dialogue between Ortega and opposition groups, but the Ortega regime has repeatedly failed to uphold its end of the agreement. We are seeing new reports every week on how Ortega’s paramilitary forces are opening fire against sanctuaries and shooting and injuring people seeking refuge in churches across the country. It is shameful. As negotiations over dialogue have devolved, hundreds of Nicaraguan citizens are estimated to have been killed, with thousands more injured. Recently, international observers from the InterAmerican Commission on Human Rights, the United Nations Commission on Human Rights, and the European Union have arrived in Nicaragua to begin investigating the violence. Now, many Nicaraguans are demanding political reform and the resignation of Ortega and his wife before the scheduled elections in 2021. Mr. Speaker, the United States cannot stand idly by and ignore the demands of the Nicaraguan people while the Ortegas and his confidants push the country towards authoritarianism. That is why my colleagues, Congresswoman ROSLEHTINEN , Ranking Member ENGEL , Chairman C OOK, and I have introduced this bipartisan resolution condemning the ongoing violence in Nicaragua. We are urging the administration to impose sanctions on individuals who qualify under the Global Magnitsky Human Rights Accountability Act. I have also worked with my friend ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN to pass the Nicaragua Investment Conditionality Act, to hold the regime accountable for its misuse of international loans. This bill would direct the U.S. to not support international loans to Nicaragua until the government increases transparency and has free and fair elections. Unified pushback from the international community shows the courageous Nicaraguans on the ground that the world stands shoulder to shoulder with them. It is the only way for Ortega to see the writing on the wall. He has to give up his grip and enact long overdue and meaningful political reform that people are yearning for. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman ROYCE and Ranking Member ENGEL for their continued bipartisanship on these important issues. I urge my colleagues to support the resolution, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. ROS LEHTINEN ), the chairman emeritus of the Foreign Affairs Committee and the author of this resolution. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman ROYCE for his amazing leadership and also Ranking Member ENGEL . They brought this important and timely resolution to the floor, and I am so grateful to have worked not only with Chairman ROYCE  and Ranking Member ENGEL , but also with Chairman COOK and Ranking Member SIRES of the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee. All of us introduced H. Res. 981, and this resolution, as Mr. SIRES and Mr. ROYCE have pointed out, condemns the persecution; it condemns the intimidation, the violence, and the murders that are being committed by the Government of Nicaragua against its citizens under the orders of Daniel Ortega. Mr. Speaker, 450, that is how many Nicaraguans have been killed by Ortega’s regime and its thugs just since April of this year. Heaven knows how many today or how many just these past days. The death toll is rising every day. And as the regime has now authorized a shoottokill policy in cities like Masaya and Jinotega, shoot to kill against dissidents, against protesters, and add that to the thousands who have been injured, arrested, and forced disappearances, we are talking about a massive and severe repression by a regime that will do anything to stay in power. That is what this is all about. Ortega and his wife want to stay in power at all costs. On Monday, Daniel Ortega had the nerve, the audacity, to go on our news channel, FOX News, American TV, to say that everything was under control in Nicaragua and that it was, in fact, the Nicaraguan people who were committing the acts of violence, that the Nicaraguan people are the ones responsible for the bloodshed. It is a desperate attempt by a desperate but dangerous fool. Mr. Speaker, it is a dire situation, and it is getting worse by the day. That is why we need to hold Ortega accountable for his evil and violent acts and put additional pressure on his regime. The administration has shown great leadership in condemning Ortega and in sanctioning some of his regime’s top officials under the Global Magnitsky Act. b1330 My resolution urges the administration to do more, to target more of Ortega’s goons for sanctions, and to urge this very body to do more, because time is of the essence. The measure before us is simple and straightforward. It rightfully identifies Ortega, not the Nicaraguan people, as the orchestrator of the violence. It urges the administration to take more action against the regime. It also demonstrates our unwavering support for the people of Nicaragua in their support for democracy and their pursuit of justice. It includes the call for early, free, fair, and transparent elections overseen by domestic and international observers. This resolution also calls upon responsible nations to stand in solidarity with the people of Nicaragua, because their silence has been deafening. Today, this body is standing up for some of the most cherished values and ideals that we hold true to our hearts, and we are unequivocally rejecting the Ortega regime’s abuses and its corruption. Today, we can send a strong, unified, and clear message that we are watching; we are acting; and we are supporting the aspirations of all freedomloving Nicaraguans. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from Florida an additional 1 minute. Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, in my congressional district, I am so blessed to have so many Nicaraguan Americans. In fact, one of them is right here behind me, Gaby Boffelli, who is very proud of her Nicaraguan heritage, and she keeps me abreast of what is happening in Nicaragua every day. My constituents tell me they are heartbroken about the situation. They are heartbroken because people don’t seem to be paying attention. But they know that the United States Congress is standing with them. Today, with this vote, we will stand ever so strongly with them. Ortega is receiving help, as the chairman pointed out, from Venezuela’s Maduro, from Castro in Cuba, and from DiazCanel in Cuba. These thugs know how to repress and kill dissidents. Let’s do the right thing. Let’s not stand with the oppressors. Let’s stand with the people of Nicaragua. Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume for the purpose of closing. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this measure. In response to Ortega’s brutal crackdown on peaceful protests and human rights violations, H. Res. 981 condemns the violence, persecution, and intimidation committed by the Government of Nicaragua against its citizens. The Nicaragua National Police, or militias, controlled by the Nicaraguan 
Government have murdered, detained, and tortured innocent people peacefully standing up for their rights. Stories of Nicaraguan protesters being electrocuted and waterboarded by gangs aligned with the Ortega regime continue to horrify the international community. While the Ortegas may condemn foreign interference in their affairs, let us be clear: The United States condemns the violence, the persecution, the intimidation, and the murders of peaceful protesters by the Ortega security forces and his henchmen. We support the people of Nicaragua in their pursuit for democracy, including their call for free and fair elections overseen by credible domestic and international observers, and we demand that Nicaragua release those individuals wrongfully detained by the government. Again, I want to thank the chairman and ranking member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, EDROYCE and E LIOT ENGEL . I want to take this opportunity to thank EDROYCE for his last 3 years of bipartisan work. I want to tell the gentleman that I really appreciate being on his committee and serving with him on this committee. I thank the gentleman for his service. I also want to thank both my good friend ELIOT ENGEL as well, who is my counterpart on the Western Hemisphere Subcommittee, and Chairman PAULCook for their strong bipartisan leadership. I also want to thank my good friend from Florida, ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN , whom I have worked with and admired for many, many years, for her decades of unwavering dedication to promoting democracy and human rights around the world. Mr. Speaker, I support this bill, and I urge all Members to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I shared with this body the letter from my constituent and neighbor outlining what had happened to her village where she had grown up and how she had lost friends at the hands of a gang allied with Daniel Ortega quite recently who attacked the village. So I want to thank ALBIO SIRES, Chairman Emeritus Ros Lehtinen, and others who worked on this resolution for bringing this bipartisan measure forward. I want to thank them for their continued leadership. Because of the continued attacks on demonstrators in Nicaragua, the shooting up of churches, and the threatening of priests there, hundreds of protesters have been murdered, and thousands more have been injured. This is unacceptable. Mr. Speaker, in closing, it is imperative that this body, and our friends and allies across the region, continue to call on Daniel Ortega to end the violence and to allow free and fair elections in Nicaragua. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H. Res. 981, and to condemn the Ortega regime’s escalating, brutal campaign against its own people. Ortega has now been in charge of Nicaragua for 22 of the last 39 years. After years of consolidating power by installing his wife as vice president, and gradually chipping away at the power of the judiciary and congress, Ortega has now dropped all pretense of being anything other than an authoritarian leader. More than 300 people have now died in Nicaragua for having the courage to speak out against his and his wife’s dictatorial rule. Ortega has now shown himself willing to target members of the clergy for fulfilling their sacred duty to recognize the value of human life, and for putting themselves in harm’s way to try to protect their people. This should be unacceptable to the U.S. and to the international community. I commend my colleague Rep. ROSLEHTINEN for taking a stand, and I encourage the executive branch to use all nonmilitary means available to hold Ortega accountable for these deaths and to stop the carnage in Nicaragua. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and agree to the resolution, H. Res. 981, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the resolution, as amended, was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ENERGY DIPLOMACY ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5535) to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 regarding energy diplomacy and security within the Department of State, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5535 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Energy Diplomacy Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ENERGY DIPLOMACY AND SECURITY WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF STATE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 1 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2651a) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) ENERGY RESOURCES .— ‘‘(A) AUTHORIZATION FOR ASSISTANT SEC RETARY .—Subject to the numerical limitation specified in paragraph (1), there is authorized to be established in the Department of State an Assistant Secretary of State for Energy Resources. ‘‘(B) PERSONNEL .—The Secretary of State shall ensure that there are sufficient personnel dedicated to energy matters within the Department of State who shall be responsible for— ‘‘(i) formulating and implementing international policies, in coordination with Secretary of Energy, as appropriate, aimed at protecting and advancing United States energy security interests by effectively managing United States bilateral and multilateral relations in the fields of petroleum, natural gas, biofuels, renewable energy, nuclear, and other energy resources; ‘‘(ii) ensuring that analyses of the national security implications of global energy and environmental developments are reflected in the decision making process within the Department of State; ‘‘(iii) incorporating energy security priorities into the activities of the Department of State; ‘‘(iv) coordinating energy activities within the Department of State and with relevant Federal agencies; ‘‘(v) working internationally to— ‘‘(I) support the development of energy resources and the distribution of such resources for the benefit of the United States and United States allies and trading partners for their energy security and economic development needs; ‘‘(II) promote availability of diversified energy supplies and a wellfunctioning global market for energy resources, technologies, and expertise for the benefit of the United States and United States allies and trading partners; ‘‘(III) resolve international disputes regarding the exploration, development, production, or distribution of energy resources; ‘‘(IV) support the economic and commercial interests of United States persons operating in the energy markets of foreign countries; and ‘‘(V) support and coordinate international efforts to alleviate energy poverty; ‘‘(vi) leading the United States commitment to the Extractive Industries Transparency Initiative; ‘‘(vii) coordinating within the Department of State and with relevant Federal departments and agencies on developing and implementing international energyrelated sanctions; and ‘‘(viii) coordinating energy security and other relevant functions within the Department of State currently undertaken by— ‘‘(I) the Bureau of Economic and Business Affairs of the Department of State; ‘‘(II) the Bureau of Oceans and International Environmental and Scientific Affairs of the Department of State; and ‘‘(III) other offices within the Department of State.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 931 of the Energy Independence and Security Act of 2007 (42 U.S.C. 17371) is amended— (1) by striking subsections (a) and (b); and (2) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. SIRES) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this measure. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? 
There was no objection. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as America’s energy production has increased, and as Chairman MIKEMCCAUL, the author of the measure, can tell you, our Nation’s influence in global energy policy has grown. The U.S. is now the world’s top producer of petroleum. It is also the top producer of natural gas for the fifth straight year. I will add to that: The United States has become more energy efficient. Our abundant supply of energy resources is not only good for our economy, it is also good for our national security. It offers American allies a critical alternative to countries like Russia, which use their energy resources to bully their neighbors, in the case of Vladimir Putin, and, in the case of the global oil cartel OPEC, enrich its member states at the expense of U.S. consumers. In this moment of heightened American energy leadership, it is critical that the State Department have the leadership and direction needed to fulfill its statutory responsibilities governing international energy diplomacy. This bill, the Energy Diplomacy Act, will elevate America’s energy security and diplomacy priorities. It authorizes an Assistant Secretary for Energy Resources at the State Department. This Assistant Secretary will replace the Coordinator for International Energy Affairs, demonstrating the importance of energy issues to our foreign policy and our national interests. The Assistant Secretary will be responsible for developing and implementing policies to advance U.S. energy interests abroad by managing our relations in petroleum, in natural gas, in biofuels, in renewable energy, and in nuclear and other energy resources. This bill also requires the State Department to use diplomacy to support the development of U.S. energy resources to bolster our energy security, grow our economy, and support our allies. Mr. Speaker, for years, the world’s leading petroleum producers have been rigging the world market by cutting production to drive up gasoline prices, and this hurts families in places like our home States. It is in our interests to promote the availability of diversified energy supplies in a functioning global market for energy resources, technologies, and expertise. That is exactly what this bill requires. Energy policy expertise must be more deeply integrated in our foreign policy. As a major energy producing nation, it is time we elevate this important issue within our diplomatic ranks, which is what this bill will do. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman MCCAULfor his work on this important measure with us today. Mr. Speaker, I urge support, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5535. I would like to thank Congressman MCCAUL, Chairman R OYCE , and Ranking Member ENGEL for their bipartisan work on this timely issue. As it has for decades, energy will continue to play a key role in shaping United States foreign policy. But the international landscape is changing, and so are the players. Global energy demand is set to rise 30 percent by the year 2030. This reflects an expanding global economy, rapid industrialization, population growth, urbanization, and improved energy access among developing countries. For the United States to maintain a leading role on the global stage, the State Department must be positioned to protect and promote favorable energy policies abroad. The Energy Diplomacy Act of 2018 helps this effort by creating an Assistant Secretary of State for Energy Resources and requiring the State Department to employ sufficient personnel dedicated to international energy matters. By passing this legislation, we can prepare the State Department to engage in robust energy diplomacy and encourage strong international partnerships that promote our own political, economic, environmental, and national security concerns. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. MCCAUL), who is the chairman of the Committee on Homeland Security and a senior member of the Committee on Foreign Affairs. The gentleman is the author of this measure. Mr. MCCAUL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of my legislation, the Energy Diplomacy Act. Across the globe, our friends and allies want a stable and reliable supply of American energy. America, in turn, must actively engage our friends and allies to provide alternatives to energy from rogue regimes. Look what is happening in Europe. For over a decade, Russia has used their natural gas pipelines flowing into Eastern and Central Europe as a point of leverage over these countries. Ukraine has been most affected, with Russia turning off their natural gas supply in the winter of 2008 and during the annexation of Crimea in 2014. By twisting a knob and turning off Ukrainian heat, they were able to exert an outsized amount of influence on Ukraine. Now, Russia’s proposed Nord Stream II pipeline with Germany further threatens to expand Russia’s energy influence throughout Eastern and Central Europe. Make no mistake: Russia is a destabilizing regime that constantly exploits the vulnerabilities posed by Europe’s reliance on their natural gas. The United States must be involved to curb this influence. Over the past decade, the United States has reduced our reliance on foreign sources of energy in order to achieve energy independence. As a result, we are now exporting energy abroad, including from my home State of Texas. In fact, in 2015, I helped champion the repeal of the outdated crude oil export ban. Now, U.S. producers are finding new customers in both Asia and Europe. That is why I authored the Energy Diplomacy Act. It elevates the Bureau of Energy Resources at the State Department. It replaces the International Energy Affairs Coordinator with an Assistant Secretary. This Assistant Secretary will carry out the State Department’s functions on behalf of the United States. It also ensures the State Department is staffed with sufficient personnel to support this mission. This will empower the State Department to promote and advance a bold U.S. energy diplomacy policy. As energyrich adversaries expand their malign influence and our allies continue to purchase from such states, the United States must project strong energy diplomacy now more than ever. It is not just Russia with whom we are contending. One of Iran’s main goals in negotiating their nuclear deal was to open up their energy markets to more foreign investment and to expand their oil exports globally. Since the U.S. departed from the JCPOA, our European allies and our strategic partner India are deciding between complying with United States sanctions or ignoring them and buying Iranian oil. b1345 We also need our diplomats on the front lines promoting reliable American energy. These two circumstances underscore the need for an Assistant Secretary for Energy Resources to project U.S. energy diplomacy throughout the world. I want to thank Chairman ROYCE for his leadership, as well as Ranking Member ENGEL , an original cosponsor of my bill. Mr. SIRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, the United States has long recognized that global energy security and cooperation are necessary to advance our economic, foreign policy, and national security interests. We must work with our established friends and allies to seize the opportunities and address the challenges we face. We must also work with the emerging economies that account for an everincreasing amount of energy consumption and production. H.R. 5535, the Energy Diplomacy Act, takes an important step toward ensuring that the State Department has the leadership and the capacity it needs to appropriately advance this critical aspect of U.S. foreign policy. 
Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROYCE of California. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. In closing, Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleagues, Chairman MCCAUL, Ranking Member E NGEL , and Mr. SIRES, for crafting bipartisan legislation to ensure that the State Department has the leadership and the direction to support America’s energy diplomacy priorities. Working with our allies and partners in the private sector, we can counter Putin’s weaponization of his energy resources and provide our allies with a stable alternative to unreliable energy suppliers whose priorities are selfenrichment and geopolitical selfinterest at the expense of a functioning market. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bipartisan bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5535, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, earlier this afternoon I voted for final passage of the House Amendment to S. 1182—National Flood Insurance Program Extension Act of 2018 (Roll No. 373). I intended to vote against final passage of this legislation. 
VA HOSPITALS ESTABLISHING LEADERSHIP PERFORMANCE ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WILLIAMS ). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the 
rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5864) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish qualifications for the human resources positions within the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 417, nays 0, not voting 11, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Black Cramer Ellison Frelinghuysen Hanabusa LaHood Moore Noem Smith (TX) Speier Walz 
b1420 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, on rollcall 374, I am not recorded. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 374. 
Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably absent and missed rollcall Votes 373 and 374 earlier today. I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall Vote 373, extending the authorization for the National Flood Insurance Program, and ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall 374. f 
REMOVAL OF NAME OF MEMBER AS COSPONSOR OF H.R. 2069 Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that my name be withdrawn as a cosponsor of H.R. 2069. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Rhode Island? There was no objection. 
CONDEMNING HATE CRIME AND ANY OTHER FORM OF RACISM, RELIGIOUS OR ETHNIC BIAS, DISCRIMINATION, INCITEMENT TO VIOLENCE, OR ANIMUS TARGETING A MINORITY IN THE UNITED STATES Mrs. HANDEL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on the Judiciary be discharged from further consideration of H. Res. 257, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Georgia? There was no objection. The text of the resolution is as follows: 
H. R ES. 257 Whereas, in the past several years, violent crimes, threats of violence, and other incidents of hatemotivated targeting of religious, racial, and ethnic minorities have increased across the United States; Whereas, in 2015, hate crimes targeting Muslims in the United States increased by 67 percent, reaching a level of violence targeting Muslim Americans that the United States had not experienced since the aftermath of the September 11, 2001, attacks, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation; Whereas, in 2015, antiSemitic incidents increased in the United States for the second straight year, according to the AntiDefamation League’s 2015 Audit of AntiSemitic Incidents, which describes trends such as the tripling of assaults targeting Jews since 2012 and the rise of online harassment and hate speech directed at Jewish journalists and individuals through social media; Whereas, in 2015, antiSemitic incidents at institutions of higher education nearly doubled compared to the number of those incidents in 2014, and during the 2016–2017 school year there has been an increase in White supremacist activity on college campuses across the United States, according to the AntiDefamation League; Whereas, in 2015, among singlebias hate crime incidents in the United States, 59.2 percent of victims were targeted due to racial, ethnic, or ancestry bias, and among those victims, 52.2 percent were victims of crimes motivated by their offenders’ anti Black or antiAfricanAmerican bias, according to the Federal Bureau of Investigation; Whereas, in 2017, there have been more than 100 reported bomb threats against Jewish community centers, Jewish day schools, and other Jewish organizations and institutions in more than 38 States; Whereas, in 2017, Islamic centers and mosques have been burned in the States of 
Texas, Washington, and Florida, and Jewish cemeteries have been desecrated in the States of Missouri and Pennsylvania; Whereas, in 2017, there has been harassment and hatebased violence against individuals who are perceived to be Muslim, including members of South Asian communities in the United States, and Hindu and Sikh Americans have been the target of hatebased violence targeting religious minorities; and Whereas, on February 28, 2017, President Donald Trump, before a joint session of Congress, acknowledged threats targeting Jewish community centers and the vandalism of Jewish cemeteries, and stated that ‘‘we are a country that stands united in condemning hate and evil in all of its very ugly forms’’: Now, therefore, be it Resolved, That the House of Representatives— (1) affirms that the United States stands united in condemning hate and evil in all forms; (2) rejects hatemotivated crime as an attack on the fabric of the society of the United States and the ideals of pluralism and respect; (3) condemns hate crime and any other form of racism, religious or ethnic bias, discrimination, incitement to violence, or animus targeting a minority in the United States; (4) calls on Federal law enforcement officials, working with State and local officials— (A) to expeditiously investigate all credible reports of hate crimes and incidents and threats against minorities in the United States; and (B) to hold the perpetrators of those crimes, incidents, or threats accountable and bring the perpetrators to justice; (5) encourages the Department of Justice and other Federal agencies— (A) to work to improve the reporting of hate crimes; and (B) to emphasize the importance of the agencies’ collection and reporting of data pursuant to Federal law; (6) encourages the development of an interagency task force led by the Attorney General and bringing together the Department of Justice, the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Education, the Department of State, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence to collaborate on the development of effective strategies and efforts to detect and deter hate crime in order to protect minority communities; and (7) calls on the executive branch— (A) to offer Federal assistance that may be available for victims of hate crimes; and (B) to enhance security measures and improve preparedness for religious institutions, places of worship, and other institutions that have been targeted because of the affiliation of the institutions with any particular religious, racial, or ethnic minority in the United States. 
The resolution was agreed to. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
MAKING AVAILABLE INFORMATION NOW TO STRENGTHEN TRUST AND RESILIENCE AND ENHANCE ENTERPRISE TECHNOLOGY CYBERSECURITY ACT OF 2017 Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 770) to require the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology to disseminate resources to help reduce small business cybersecurity risks, and for other, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 770 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Making Available Information Now to Strengthen Trust and Resilience and Enhance Enterprise Technology Cybersecurity Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘MAIN STREET Cybersecurity Act of 2017’’. 
Congress makes the following findings: (1) Small businesses play a vital role in the economy of the United States, accounting for 54 percent of all United States sales and 55 percent of jobs in the United States. (2) Attacks targeting small and medium businesses account for a high percentage of cyberattacks in the United States. (3) The Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7421 et seq.) calls on the National Institute of Standards and Technology to facilitate and support a voluntary public private partnership to reduce cybersecurity risks to critical infrastructure. Such a partnership continues to play a key role in improving the cyber resilience of the United States and making cyberspace safer. (4) There is a need to develop simplified resources that are consistent with the partnership described in paragraph (3) that improves its use by small businesses. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) DIRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology. (2) RESOURCES .—The term ‘‘resources’’ means guidelines, tools, best practices, standards, methodologies, and other ways of providing information. (3) SMALL BUSINESS CONCERN .—The term ‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (b) SMALL BUSINESS CYBERSECURITY .—Sec tion 2(e)(1)(A) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(e)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (vii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating clause (viii) as clause (ix); and (3) by inserting after clause (vii) the following: ‘‘(viii) consider small business concerns (as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)); and’’. (c) DISSEMINATION OF RESOURCES FOR  SMALL BUSINESSES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director, in carrying out section 2(e)(1)(A)(viii) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act, as added by subsection (b) of this Act, in consultation with the heads of such other Federal agencies as the Director considers appropriate, shall disseminate clear and concise resources for small business concerns to help reduce their cybersecurity risks. (2) REQUIREMENTS .—The Director shall ensure that the resources disseminated pursuant to paragraph (1)— (A) are generally applicable and usable by a wide range of small business concerns; (B) vary with the nature and size of the implementing small business concern, and the nature and sensitivity of the data collected or stored on the information systems or devices of the implementing small business concern; (C) include elements that promote awareness of simple, basic controls, a workplace cybersecurity culture, and third party stakeholder relationships, to assist small business concerns in mitigating common cybersecurity risks; (D) are technologyneutral and can be implemented using technologies that are commercial and offtheshelf; and (E) are based on international standards to the extent possible, and are consistent with the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.). (3) NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY AWARENESS  
AND EDUCATION PROGRAM .—The Director shall ensure that the resources disseminated under paragraph (1) are consistent with the efforts of the Director under section 401 of the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7451). (4) SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER  
CYBER STRATEGY .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Director, to the extent practicable, shall consider any methods included in the Small Business Development Center Cyber Strategy developed under section 1841(a)(3)(B) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). (5) VOLUNTARY RESOURCES .—The use of the resources disseminated under paragraph (1) shall be considered voluntary. (6) UPDATES .—The Director shall review and, if necessary, update the resources disseminated under paragraph (1) in accordance with the requirements under paragraph (2). (7) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Director and such heads of other Federal agencies as the Director considers appropriate shall each make prominently available to the public on the Director’s or head’s Internet website, as the case may be, information about the resources and all updates to them disseminated under paragraph (1). The Director and the heads shall each ensure that the information they respectively make prominently available is consistent, clear, and concise. (d) CONSISTENCY OF RESOURCES PUBLISHED  
BYFEDERAL AGENCIES .—If a Federal agency publishes resources to help small business concerns reduce their cybersecurity risks, the head of such Federal agency, to the degree practicable, shall make such resources consistent with the resources disseminated under subsection (c)(1). (e) OTHER FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY REQUIREMENTS .—Nothing in this section may be construed to supersede, alter, or otherwise affect any cybersecurity requirements applicable to Federal agencies. 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The Clerk read as follows: Amendment offered by Mr. WEBSTER  of Florida: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘NIST Small Business Cybersecurity Act’’. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) DIRECTOR .—The term ‘‘Director’’ means the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology. 
(2) R ESOURCES .—The term ‘‘resources’’ means guidelines, tools, best practices, standards, methodologies, and other ways of providing information. (3) SMALL BUSINESS CONCERN .—The term ‘‘small business concern’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (b) SMALL BUSINESS CYBERSECURITY .—Sec tion 2(e)(1)(A) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act (15 U.S.C. 272(e)(1)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (vii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating clause (viii) as clause (ix); and (3) by inserting after clause (vii) the following: ‘‘(viii) consider small business concerns (as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)); and’’. (c) DISSEMINATION OF RESOURCES FOR  SMALL BUSINESSES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director, in carrying out section 2(e)(1)(A)(viii) of the National Institute of Standards and Technology Act, as added by subsection (b) of this Act, in consultation with the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies, shall disseminate clear and concise resources to help small business concerns identify, assess, manage, and reduce their cybersecurity risks. (2) REQUIREMENTS .—The Director shall ensure that the resources disseminated pursuant to paragraph (1)— (A) are generally applicable and usable by a wide range of small business concerns; (B) vary with the nature and size of the implementing small business concern, and the nature and sensitivity of the data collected or stored on the information systems or devices of the implementing small business concern; (C) include elements, that promote awareness of simple, basic controls, a workplace cybersecurity culture, and thirdparty stakeholder relationships, to assist small business concerns in mitigating common cybersecurity risks; (D) include case studies of practical application; (E) are technologyneutral and can be implemented using technologies that are commercial and offtheshelf; and (F) are based on international standards to the extent possible, and are consistent with the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3701 et seq.). (3) NATIONAL CYBERSECURITY AWARENESS  
AND EDUCATION PROGRAM .—The Director shall ensure that the resources disseminated under paragraph (1) are consistent with the efforts of the Director under section 401 of the Cybersecurity Enhancement Act of 2014 (15 U.S.C. 7451). (4) SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER  
CYBER STRATEGY .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Director, to the extent practicable, shall consider any methods included in the Small Business Development Center Cyber Strategy developed under section 1841(a)(3)(B) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). (5) VOLUNTARY RESOURCES .—The use of the resources disseminated under paragraph (1) shall be considered voluntary. (6) UPDATES .—The Director shall review and, if necessary, update the resources disseminated under paragraph (1) in accordance with the requirements under paragraph (2). (7) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Director and the head of each Federal agency that so elects shall make prominently available on the respective agency’s public Internet website information about the resources and updates to the resources disseminated under paragraph (1). The Director and the heads shall each ensure that the information they respectively make prominently available is consistent, clear, and concise. (d) OTHER FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY REQUIREMENTS .—Nothing in this section may be construed to supersede, alter, or otherwise affect any cybersecurity requirements applicable to Federal agencies. (e) FUNDING .—This Act shall be carried out using funds otherwise authorized to be appropriated or made available to the National Institute of Standards and Technology. 
Mr. WEBSTER of Florida (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Florida? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘An Act to require the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology to disseminate guidance to help reduce small business cybersecurity risks, and for other purposes.’’ A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 5515, NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Mr. THORNBERRY submitted the following conference report and statement on the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes: 
The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 5515), to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, having met, after full and free conference, have agreed to recommend and do recommend to their respective Houses as follows: That the House recede from its disagreement to the amendment of the Senate and agree to the same with an amendment as follows: In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the Senate amendment, insert the following: 
(a) I NGENERAL .—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in this or any other Act to the ‘‘National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’ shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. 
SEC. 2. ORGANIZATION OF ACT INTO DIVISIONS; TABLE OF CONTENTS. 
(a) D IVISIONS .—This Act is organized into four divisions as follows: (1) Division A—Department of Defense Authorizations. (2) Division B—Military Construction Authorizations. (3) Division C—Department of Energy National Security Authorizations and Other Authorizations. (4) Division D—Funding Tables. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Organization of Act into divisions; table of contents. Sec. 3. Congressional defense committees. Sec. 4. Budgetary effects of this Act. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization Of Appropriations Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Army Programs Sec. 111. National Guard and reserve component equipment report. Sec. 112. Deployment by the Army of an interim cruise missile defense capability. Subtitle C—Navy Programs Sec. 121. Procurement authority for Ford class aircraft carrier program. Sec. 122. Full ship shock trial for Ford class aircraft carrier. Sec. 123. Sense of Congress on accelerated production of aircraft carriers. Sec. 124. Multiyear procurement authority for standard missile–6. Sec. 125. Multiyear procurement authority for E–2D aircraft. Sec. 126. Multiyear procurement authority for F/A–18E/F aircraft and EA–18G aircraft. Sec. 127. Modifications to F/A–18 aircraft to mitigate physiological episodes. Sec. 128. Frigate class ship program. Sec. 129. Contract requirement for Virginia class submarine program. Sec. 130. Prohibition on availability of funds for Navy port waterborne security barriers. Sec. 131. Extension of limitation on use of sole source shipbuilding contracts for certain vessels. Sec. 132. Limitation on availability of funds for M27 Infantry Automatic Rifle program. Sec. 133. Report on degaussing standards for DDG–51 destroyers. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs Sec. 141. Inventory requirement for air refueling tanker aircraft; limitation on retirement of KC–10A aircraft. Sec. 142. Multiyear procurement authority for C–130J aircraft program. Sec. 143. Contract for logistics support for VC– 25B aircraft. Sec. 144. Retirement date for VC–25A aircraft. Sec. 145. Repeal of funding restriction for EC– 130H Compass Call Recapitalization Program. 
Sec. 146. Limitation on use of funds for KC–46A aircraft pending submittal of certification. Sec. 147. Limitation on availability of funds for retirement of E–8 JSTARS Aircraft. Sec. 148. Report on modernization of B–52H aircraft systems. Subtitle E—Defensewide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters Sec. 151. Procurement authority for additional icebreaker vessels. Sec. 152. Buytobudget acquisition of F–35 aircraft. Sec. 153. Certification on inclusion of technology to minimize physiological episodes in certain aircraft. Sec. 154. Armored commercial passengercarrying vehicles. Sec. 155. Quarterly updates on the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program. TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 211. Modification of authority to carry out certain prototype projects. Sec. 212. Extension of directed energy prototype authority. Sec. 213. Prohibition on availability of funds for the Weather Common Component program. Sec. 214. Limitation on availability of funds for F–35 continuous capability development and delivery. Sec. 215. Limitation on availability of funds pending report on agile software development and software operations. Sec. 216. Limitation on availability of funds for certain high energy laser advanced technology. Sec. 217. Plan for the Strategic Capabilities Office of the Department of Defense. Sec. 218. National Defense Science and Technology Strategy. Sec. 219. Modification of CVN–73 to support fielding of MQ–25 unmanned aerial vehicle. Sec. 220. Establishment of innovators information repository in the Department of Defense. Sec. 221. Strategic plan for Department of Defense test and evaluation resources. Sec. 222. Collaboration between Defense laboratories, industry, and academia; open campus program. Sec. 223. Permanent extension and codification of authority to conduct technology protection features activities during research and development of defense systems. Sec. 224. Codification and reauthorization of Defense Research and Development Rapid Innovation Program. Sec. 225. Procedures for rapid reaction to emerging technology. Sec. 226. Activities on identification and development of enhanced personal protective equipment against blast injury. Sec. 227. Human factors modeling and simulation activities. Sec. 228. Expansion of mission areas supported by mechanisms for expedited access to technical talent and expertise at academic institutions. Sec. 229. Advanced manufacturing activities. Sec. 230. National security innovation activities. Sec. 231. Partnership intermediaries for promotion of defense research and education. Sec. 232. Limitation on use of funds for Surface Navy Laser Weapon System. Sec. 233. Expansion of coordination requirement for support for national security innovation and entrepreneurial education. Sec. 234. Defense quantum information science and technology research and development program. Sec. 235. Joint directed energy test activities. Sec. 236. Requirement for establishment of arrangements for expedited access to technical talent and expertise at academic institutions to support Department of Defense missions. Sec. 237. Authority for Joint Directed Energy Transition Office to conduct research relating to high powered microwave capabilities. Sec. 238. Joint artificial intelligence research, development, and transition activities. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 241. Report on survivability of air defense artillery. Sec. 242. T–45 aircraft physiological episode mitigation actions. Sec. 243. Report on efforts of the Air Force to mitigate physiological episodes affecting aircraft crewmembers. Sec. 244. Report on Defense Innovation Unit Experimental. Sec. 245. Modification of funding criteria under Historically Black Colleges and Universities and minority institutions program. Sec. 246. Report on OA–X light attack aircraft applicability to partner nation support. Sec. 247. Reports on comparative capabilities of adversaries in key technology areas. Sec. 248. Report on active protection systems for armored combat and tactical vehicles. Sec. 249. Next Generation Combat Vehicle. Sec. 250. Modification of reports on mechanisms to provide funds to defense laboratories for research and development of technologies for military missions. Sec. 251. Briefings on Mobile Protected Firepower and Future Vertical Lift programs. Sec. 252. Improvement of the Air Force supply chain. Sec. 253. Review of guidance on blast exposure during training. 
Sec. 254. Competitive acquisition strategy for Bradley Fighting Vehicle transmission replacement. Sec. 255. Independent assessment of electronic warfare plans and programs. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment Sec. 311. Explosive Ordnance Disposal Defense Program. Sec. 312. Further improvements to energy security and resilience. Sec. 313. Use of proceeds from sales of electrical energy derived from geothermal resources for projects at military installations where resources are located. Sec. 314. Operational energy policy. Sec. 315. Funding of study and assessment of health implications of per and polyfluoroalkyl substances contamination in drinking water by agency for toxic substances and disease registry. Sec. 316. Extension of authorized periods of permitted incidental takings of marine mammals in the course of specified activities by Department of Defense. Sec. 317. Department of Defense environmental restoration programs. Sec. 318. Joint study on the impact of wind farms on weather radars and military operations. Sec. 319. Core sampling at Joint Base San Antonio, Texas. Sec. 320. Production and use of natural gas at Fort Knox, Kentucky. Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment Sec. 321. Authorizing use of working capital funds for unspecified minor military construction projects related to revitalization and recapitalization of defense industrial base facilities. Sec. 322. Examination of Navy vessels. Sec. 323. Limitation on length of overseas forward deployment of naval vessels. Sec. 324. Temporary modification of workload carryover formula. Sec. 325. Limitation on use of funds for implementation of elements of master plan for redevelopment of Former Ship Repair Facility in Guam. Sec. 326. Business case analysis for proposed relocation of J85 Engine Regional Repair Center. Sec. 327. Report on pilot program for microreactors. Sec. 328. Limitation on modifications to Navy Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization structure and mechanism. Subtitle D—Reports Sec. 331. Reports on readiness. Sec. 332. Matters for inclusion in quarterly reports on personnel and unit readiness. Sec. 333. Annual Comptroller General reviews of readiness of Armed Forces to conduct full spectrum operations. Sec. 334. Surface warfare training improvement. Sec. 335. Report on optimizing surface Navy vessel inspections and crew certifications. Sec. 336. Report on depotlevel maintenance and repair. Sec. 337. Report on wildfire suppression capabilities of active and reserve components. Sec. 338. Report on relocation of steam turbine production from Nimitzclass and Fordclass aircraft carriers and Virginiaclass and Columbiaclass submarines. Sec. 339. Report on Specialized Undergraduate Pilot Training production, resourcing, and locations. Sec. 340. Report on Air Force airfield operational requirements. Sec. 341. Report on Navy surface ship repair contract costs. Subtitle E—Other Matters Sec. 351. Coast Guard representation on explosive safety board. Sec. 352. Transportation to continental United States of retired military working dogs outside the continental United States that are suitable for adoption in the United States. Sec. 353. Scope of authority for restoration of land due to mishap. Sec. 354. Repurposing and reuse of surplus Army firearms. Sec. 355. Study on phasing out open burn pits. Sec. 356. Notification requirements relating to changes to uniform of members of the uniformed services. Sec. 357. Reporting on future years budgeting by subactivity group. 
Sec. 358. Limitation on availability of funds for servicespecific Defense Readiness Reporting Systems. Sec. 359. Prioritization of environmental impacts for facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization demolition. Sec. 360. Sense of Congress relating to Soo Locks, Sault Sainte Marie, Michigan. Sec. 361. U.S. Special Operations Command Civilian Personnel. TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Active Forces Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. Sec. 402. Revisions in permanent active duty end strength minimum levels. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces Sec. 411. End strengths for Selected Reserve. Sec. 412. End strengths for reserves on active duty in support of the reserves. Sec. 413. End strengths for military technicians (dual status). Sec. 414. Maximum number of reserve personnel authorized to be on active duty for operational support. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 421. Military personnel. TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy Sec. 501. Repeal of requirement for ability to complete 20 years of service by age 62 as qualification for original appointment as a regular commissioned officer. Sec. 502. Enhancement of availability of constructive service credit for private sector training or experience upon original appointment as a commissioned officer. Sec. 503. Standardized temporary promotion authority across the military departments for officers in certain grades with critical skills. Sec. 504. Authority for promotion boards to recommend officers of particular merit be placed higher on a promotion list. Sec. 505. Authority for officers to opt out of promotion board consideration. Sec. 506. Applicability to additional officer grades of authority for continuation on active duty of officers in certain military specialties and career tracks. Sec. 507. Alternative promotion authority for officers in designated competitive categories of officers. Sec. 508. Attending Physician to the Congress. Sec. 509. Matters relating to satisfactory service in grade for purposes of retirement grade of officers in highest grade of satisfactory service. Sec. 510. Grades of Chiefs of Chaplains. Sec. 511. Repeal of original appointment qualification requirement for warrant officers in the regular Army. Sec. 512. Reduction in number of years of active naval service required for permanent appointment as a limited duty officer. Sec. 513. Authority to designate certain reserve officers as not to be considered for selection for promotion. Sec. 514. GAO review of surface warfare career paths. Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management Sec. 515. Authorized strength and distribution in grade. Sec. 516. Repeal of prohibition on service on Army Reserve Forces Policy Committee by members on active duty. Sec. 517. Expansion of personnel subject to authority of the Chief of the National Guard Bureau in the execution of functions and missions of the National Guard Bureau. Sec. 518. Authority to adjust effective date of promotion in the event of undue delay in extending Federal recognition of promotion. Sec. 519. National Guard Youth Challenge Program. Sec. 520. Extension of authority for pilot program on use of retired senior enlisted members of the Army National Guard as Army National Guard recruiters. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities and Correction of Military Records Sec. 521. Enlistments vital to the national interest. Sec. 522. Statement of benefits. Sec. 523. Modification to forms of support that may be accepted in support of the mission of the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency. Sec. 524. Assessment of Navy standard workweek and related adjustments. Sec. 525. Notification on manning of afloat naval forces. Sec. 526. Navy watchstander records. Sec. 527. Qualification experience requirements for certain Navy watchstations. Subtitle D—Military Justice Sec. 531. Inclusion of strangulation and suffocation in conduct constituting aggravated assault for purposes of the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sec. 532. Punitive article on domestic violence under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sec. 533. Authorities of Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces. Sec. 534. Report on feasibility of expanding services of the Special Victims’ Counsel to victims of domestic violence. Sec. 535. Uniform command action form on disposition of unrestricted sexual assault cases involving members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 536. Standardization of policies related to expedited transfer in cases of sexual assault or domestic violence. Subtitle E—Other Legal Matters Sec. 541. Clarification of expiration of term of appellate military judges of the United States Court of Military Commission Review. Sec. 542. Security clearance reinvestigation of certain personnel who commit certain offenses. Sec. 543. Development of oversight plan for implementation of Department of Defense harassment prevention and response policy. Sec. 544. Oversight of registered sex offender management program. Sec. 545. Development of resource guides regarding sexual assault for the military service academies. Sec. 546. Improved crime reporting. Sec. 547. Report on victims of sexual assault in reports of military criminal investigative organizations. Subtitle F—Member Education, Training, Resilience, and Transition Sec. 551. Permanent career intermission program. Sec. 552. Improvements to Transition Assistance Program. Sec. 553. Repeal of program on encouragement of postseparation public and community service. Sec. 554. Clarification of application and honorable service requirements under the TroopstoTeachers Program to members of the Retired Reserve. Sec. 555. Employment and compensation of civilian faculty members at the Joint Special Operations University. Sec. 556. Program to assist members of the Armed Forces in obtaining professional credentials. Sec. 557. Enhancement of authorities in connection with Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs. Sec. 558. Expansion of period of availability of Military OneSource program for retired and discharged members of the Armed Forces and their immediate families. Sec. 559. Prohibition on use of funds for attendance of enlisted personnel at senior level and intermediate level officer professional military education courses. Subtitle G—Defense Dependents’ Education Sec. 561. Assistance to schools with military dependent students. Sec. 562. Department of Defense Education Activity policies and procedures on sexual harassment of students of Activity schools. Sec. 563. Department of Defense Education Activity misconduct database. Sec. 564. Assessment and report on active shooter threat mitigation at schools located on military installations. Subtitle H—Military Family Readiness Matters Sec. 571. Department of Defense Military Family Readiness Council matters. Sec. 572. Enhancement and clarification of family support services for family members of members of special operations forces. Sec. 573. Temporary expansion of authority for noncompetitive appointments of military spouses by Federal agencies. Sec. 574. Improvement of My Career Advancement Account program for military spouses. Sec. 575. Assessment and report on the effects of permanent changes of station on employment among military spouses. Sec. 576. Provisional or interim clearances to provide childcare services at military childcare centers. Sec. 577. Multidisciplinary teams for military installations on child abuse and other domestic violence. Sec. 578. Pilot program for military families: prevention of child abuse and training on safe childcare practices. Sec. 579. Assessment and report on small business activities of military spouses on military installations in the United States. Subtitle I—Decorations and Awards Sec. 581. Atomic veterans service certificate. Sec. 582. Award of medals or other commendations to handlers of military working dogs. Sec. 583. Authorization for award of distinguishedservice cross to Justin T. Gallegos for acts of valor during Operation Enduring Freedom. Subtitle J—Miscellaneous Reports and Other Matters Sec. 591. Annual defense manpower requirements report matters. Sec. 592. Burial of unclaimed remains of inmates at the United States Disciplinary Barracks Cemetery, Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. 
Sec. 593. Standardization of frequency of academy visits of the Air Force Academy Board of Visitors with academy visits of boards of other military service academies. Sec. 594. National Commission on Military, National, and Public Service matters. Sec. 595. Public availability of topline numbers of deployed members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 596. Report on general and flag officer costs. Sec. 597. Study on active service obligations for medical training with other service obligations for education or training and health professional recruiting. Sec. 598. Criteria for interment at Arlington National Cemetery. Sec. 599. Limitation on use of funds pending submittal of report on Army Marketing and Advertising Program. Sec. 600. Proof of period of military service for purposes of interest rate limitation under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances Sec. 601. Repeal of authority for payment of personal money allowances to Navy officers serving in certain positions. Sec. 602. Eligibility of reserve component members for highdeployment allowance for lengthy or numerous deployments and frequent mobilizations. Sec. 603. Prohibition on per diem allowance reductions based on the duration of temporary duty assignment or civilian travel. Sec. 604. Extension of parking expenses allowance to civilian employees at recruiting facilities. Sec. 605. Eligibility of reserve component members for nonreduction in pay while serving in the uniformed services or National Guard. Sec. 606. Military Housing Privatization Initiative. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special Incentive Pays Sec. 611. Oneyear extension of certain expiring bonus and special pay authorities. Sec. 612. Report on imminent danger pay and hostile fire pay. Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 621. Extension of certain morale, welfare, and recreation privileges to certain veterans and their caregivers. Sec. 622. Technical corrections in calculation and publication of special survivor indemnity allowance cost of living adjustments. Sec. 623. Authority to award damaged personal protective equipment to members separating from the Armed Forces and veterans as mementos of military service. Sec. 624. Spaceavailable travel on Department of Defense aircraft for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities rated as total. Sec. 625. Mandatory increase in insurance coverage under Servicemembers’ Group Life Insurance for members deployed to combat theaters of operation. Sec. 626. Access to military installations for certain surviving spouses and other next of kin of members of the Armed Forces who die while on active duty or certain reserve duty. Sec. 627. Study and report on development of a single defense resale system. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits Sec. 701. Cessation of requirement for mental health assessment of members after redeployment from a contingency operation upon discharge or release from the Armed Forces. Sec. 702. Pilot program on treatment of members of the Armed Forces for posttraumatic stress disorder related to military sexual trauma. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration Sec. 711. Improvement of administration of the Defense Health Agency and military medical treatment facilities. Sec. 712. Organizational framework of the military healthcare system to support the medical requirements of the combatant commands. Sec. 713. Administration of TRICARE dental plans through the Federal Employees Dental and Vision Insurance Program. Sec. 714. Streamlining of TRICARE Prime beneficiary referral process. Sec. 715. Sharing of information with State prescription drug monitoring programs. Sec. 716. Pilot program on opioid management in the military health system. Sec. 717. Wounded warrior policy review. Sec. 718. Medical simulation technology and live tissue training within the Department of Defense. Sec. 719. Improvements to trauma center partnerships. Sec. 720. Improvement to notification to Congress of hospitalization of combat wounded members of the Armed Forces. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 731. Extension of authority for Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund. Sec. 732. Joint forces medical capabilities development and standardization. Sec. 733. Inclusion of gambling disorder in health assessments of members of the Armed Forces and related research efforts. Sec. 734. Report on requirement for certain former members of the Armed Forces to enroll in Medicare Part B to be eligible for TRICARE for Life. Sec. 735. Pilot program on earning by special operations forces medics of credit toward a physician assistant degree. Sec. 736. Strategic medical research plan. Sec. 737. Comptroller General of the United States review of Defense Health Agency oversight of transition between managed care support contractors for the TRICARE program. Sec. 738. Comptroller General study on availability of longterm care options for veterans from Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 739. Increase in number of appointed members of the Henry M. Jackson Foundation for the Advancement of Military Medicine. TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUISITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS Sec. 800. Effective dates; coordination of amendments. Subtitle A—Streamlining of Defense Acquisition Statutes and Regulations PARTI—C ONSOLIDATION OF DEFENSE ACQUISI TION STATUTES IN NEWPARTV OFSUBTITLE A 
OFTITLE10, U NITED STATES CODE Sec. 801. Framework for new part V of subtitle A. PART II—R EDESIGNATION OF SECTIONS AND  CHAPTERS OF SUBTITLES B, C, ANDD TOPROVIDE ROOM FOR NEWPARTV OFSUBTITLE A Sec. 806. Redesignation of sections and chapters of subtitle D of title 10, United States Code—Air Force. Sec. 807. Redesignation of sections and chapters of subtitle C of title 10, United States Code—Navy and Marine Corps. Sec. 808. Redesignation of sections and chapters of subtitle B of title 10, United States Code—Army. Sec. 809. Cross references to redesignated sections and chapters. PARTIII—R EPEALS OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF  DEFENSE ACQUISITION LAW Sec. 811. Amendment to and repeal of statutory requirements for certain positions or offices in the Department of Defense. Sec. 812. Repeal of certain defense acquisition laws. Sec. 813. Repeal of certain Department of Defense reporting requirements. Subtitle B—Amendments to General Contracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations Sec. 816. Modification of limitations on single source task or delivery order contracts. Sec. 817. Preliminary cost analysis requirement for exercise of multiyear contract authority. Sec. 818. Revision of requirement to submit information on services contracts to Congress. Sec. 819. Data collection and inventory for services contracts. Sec. 820. Report on clarification of services contracting definitions. Sec. 821. Increase in micropurchase threshold applicable to Department of Defense. Sec. 822. Department of Defense contracting dispute matters. Sec. 823. Inclusion of best available information regarding past performance of subcontractors and joint venture partners. Sec. 824. Subcontracting price and approved purchasing systems. Sec. 825. Modification of criteria for waivers of requirement for certified cost and price data. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major Defense Acquisition Programs Sec. 831. Revisions in authority relating to program cost targets and fielding targets for major defense acquisition programs. Sec. 832. Implementation of recommendations of the Independent Study on Consideration of Sustainment in Weapons Systems Life Cycle. Sec. 833. Comptroller General assessment of acquisition programs and related initiatives. Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to Commercial Items Sec. 836. Revision of definition of commercial item for purposes of Federal acquisition statutes. Sec. 837. Limitation on applicability to Department of Defense commercial contracts of certain provisions of law. Sec. 838. Modifications to procurement through commercial ecommerce portals. 
Sec. 839. Review of Federal acquisition regulations on commercial products, commercial services, and commercially available offtheshelf items. Subtitle E—Industrial Base Matters Sec. 841. Report on limited sourcing of specific components for Naval vessels. Sec. 842. Removal of national interest determination requirements for certain entities. Sec. 843. Pilot program to test machinevision technologies to determine the authenticity and security of microelectronic parts in weapon systems. Sec. 844. Limitation on certain procurements application process. Sec. 845. Report on defense electronics industrial base. Sec. 846. Support for defense manufacturing communities to support the defense industrial base. Sec. 847. Limitation on procurement of certain items for T–AO–205 program. Subtitle F—Small Business Matters Sec. 851. Department of Defense small business strategy. Sec. 852. Prompt payments of small business contractors. Sec. 853. Increased participation in the Small Business Administration microloan program. Sec. 854. Amendments to Small Business Innovation Research Program and Small Business Technology Transfer Program. Sec. 855. Construction contract administration. Sec. 856. Comptroller General study of impact of broadband speed and price on small businesses. Sec. 857. Consolidated budget display for the Department of Defense Small Business Innovation Research Program and Small Business Technology Transfer Program. Sec. 858. Funding for procurement technical assistance program. Sec. 859. Authorization for payment of certain costs relating to procurement technical assistance centers. Sec. 860. Commercialization Assistance Pilot Program. Sec. 861. Puerto Rico businesses. Sec. 862. Opportunities for employeeowned business concerns through Small Business Administration loan programs. Subtitle G—Provisions Related to Software and Technical Data Matters Sec. 865. Validation of proprietary and technical data. Sec. 866. Continuation of technical data rights during challenges. Sec. 867. Requirement for negotiation of technical data price before sustainment of major weapon systems. Sec. 868. Implementation of recommendations of the final report of the Defense Science Board Task Force on the Design and Acquisition of Software for Defense Systems. Sec. 869. Implementation of pilot program to use agile or iterative development methods required under section 873 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Sec. 870. Report on requiring access to digital technical data in future acquisitions of combat, combat service, and combat support systems. Subtitle H—Other Matters Sec. 871. Prohibition on acquisition of sensitive materials from nonallied foreign nations. Sec. 872. Extension of prohibition on providing funds to the enemy. Sec. 873. Data, policy, and reporting on the use of other transactions. Sec. 874. Standardization of formatting and public accessibility of Department of Defense reports to Congress. Sec. 875. Promotion of the use of Government wide and other interagency contracts. Sec. 876. Increasing competition at the task order level. Sec. 877. Individual acquisition for commercial leasing services. Sec. 878. Procurement administrative lead time definition and plan. Sec. 879. Briefing on funding of product support strategies. Sec. 880. Use of lowest price technically acceptable source selection process. Sec. 881. Permanent Supply Chain Risk Management Authority. Sec. 882. Review of market research. Sec. 883. Establishment of integrated review team on defense acquisition industrygovernment exchange. Sec. 884. Exchange program for acquisition workforce employees. Sec. 885. Process to limit foreign access to technology. Sec. 886. Procurement of telecommunications supplies for experimental purposes. Sec. 887. Access by developmental and operational testing activities to data regarding modeling and simulation activity. Sec. 888. Instruction on pilot program regarding employment of persons with disabilities. Sec. 889. Prohibition on certain telecommunications and video surveillance services or equipment. Sec. 890. Pilot program to accelerate contracting and pricing processes. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Subtitle A—Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters Sec. 901. Report on allocation of former responsibilities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. Sec. 902. Modification of responsibilities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. Sec. 903. Clarification of responsibilities and 
duties of the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense. Sec. 904. Technical corrections to Department of Defense Test Resource Management Center authority. Sec. 905. Specification of certain duties of the Defense Technical Information Center. Subtitle B—Organization and Management of Other Department of Defense Offices and Elements Sec. 911. Comprehensive review of operational and administrative chainsofcommand and functions of the Department of the Navy. Sec. 912. Modification of certain responsibilities of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to joint force concept development. Sec. 913. Clarification of certain risk assessment requirements of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in connection with the National Military Strategy. Sec. 914. Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict review of United States Special Operations Command. Sec. 915. Expansion of principal duties of Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition. Sec. 916. Qualifications for appointment as Deputy Chief Management Officer of a military department. Sec. 917. Deadline for completion of full implementation of requirements in connection with organization of the Department of Defense for management of special operations forces and special operations. Sec. 918. Crossfunctional teams in the Department of Defense. Sec. 919. Limitation on transfer of the Chemical, Biological, and Radiological Defense Division of the Navy. Subtitle C—Comprehensive Pentagon Bureaucracy Reform and Reduction Sec. 921. Authorities and responsibilities of the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. Sec. 922. Analysis of Department of Defense business management and operations datasets to promote savings and efficiencies. Sec. 923. Periodic review of the Defense Agencies and Department of Defense Field Activities by the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. Sec. 924. Actions to increase the efficiency and transparency of the Defense Logistics Agency. Sec. 925. Review of functions of Defense Contract Audit Agency and Defense Contract Management Agency. Sec. 926. Review and improvement of the operations of the Defense Finance and Accounting Service. Sec. 927. Assessment of chief information officer functions in connection with transition to enterprisewide management of information technology and computing. Sec. 928. Comptroller General of the United States report on crossenterprise activities of the Inspectors General of the Department of Defense. Sec. 929. General provisions. Subtitle D—Other Department of Defense Organization and Management Matters Sec. 931. Limitation on availability of funds for major headquarters activities of the Department of Defense. Sec. 932. John S. McCain Strategic Defense Fellows Program. Sec. 933. Performance of civilian functions by military personnel. Sec. 934. Report on implementation of requirements on estimation and comparison of costs of civilian and military manpower and contract support for the Department of Defense. Sec. 935. Review of foreign currency exchange rates and analysis of Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense appropriation. Sec. 936. Responsibility for policy on civilian casualty matters. Sec. 937. Additional matters in connection with background and security investigations for Department of Defense personnel. Sec. 938. Research and development to advance capabilities of the Department of Defense in data integration and advanced analytics in connection with personnel security. Subtitle E—Other Matters Sec. 941. Trusted information provider program for national security positions and positions of trust. 
Sec. 942. Report on expedited processing of security clearances for missioncritical positions. Sec. 943. Report on clearance in person concept. TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Financial Matters Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. Sec. 1002. Expertise in audit remediation. Sec. 1003. Authority to transfer funds to Director of National Intelligence for CAPNET. Sec. 1004. Audit of financial systems of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1005. Report on auditable financial statements. Sec. 1006. Transparency of accounting firms used to support Department of Defense audit. Subtitle B—Naval Vessels and Shipyards Sec. 1011. Inclusion of operation and sustainment costs in annual naval vessel construction plans. Sec. 1012. Purchase of vessels using funds in National Defense Sealift Fund. Sec. 1013. Purchase of vessels built in foreign shipyards with funds in National Defense Sealift Fund. Sec. 1014. Date of listing of vessels as battle force ships in the Naval Vessel Register and other fleet inventory measures. Sec. 1015. Technical corrections and clarifications to chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, and other provisions of law regarding naval vessels. Sec. 1016. Dismantlement and disposal of nuclearpowered aircraft carriers. Sec. 1017. Limitation on use of funds for retirement of hospital ships. Sec. 1018. Inclusion of aircraft carrier refueling overhaul budget request in annual budget justification materials. Sec. 1019. Business case analysis of Ready Reserve Force recapitalization options. Sec. 1020. Transfer of excess naval vessel to Bahrain. Subtitle C—Counterterrorism Sec. 1031. Definition of sensitive military operation. Sec. 1032. Extension of prohibition on use of funds to close or relinquish control of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1033. Prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. Sec. 1034. Prohibition on use of funds to construct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1035. Prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to certain countries. Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations Sec. 1041. Strategic guidance documents within the Department of Defense. Sec. 1042. Notification on the provision of defense sensitive support. Sec. 1043. Coordinating United States response to malign foreign influence operations and campaigns. Sec. 1044. Clarification of reimbursable allowed costs of FAA memoranda of agreement. Sec. 1045. Workforce issues for military realignments in the Pacific. Sec. 1046. Mitigation of operational risks posed to certain military aircraft by automatic dependent surveillance broadcast equipment. Sec. 1047. Limitation on availability of funds for unmanned surface vehicles. Sec. 1048. Pilot program for Department of Defense controlled unclassified information in the hands of industry. Sec. 1049. Critical technologies list. Sec. 1050. Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry. Sec. 1051. National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence. Sec. 1052. Authority to transfer funds for Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup. Sec. 1053. Guidance on the electronic warfare mission area and joint electromagnetic spectrum operations. Subtitle E—Studies and Reports Sec. 1061. Annual reports by the Armed Forces on OutYear Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirements and Out Year inventory numbers. Sec. 1062. Improvement of annual report on civilian casualties in connection with United States military operations. Sec. 1063. Report on capabilities and capacities of Armored Brigade Combat Teams. Sec. 1064. Activities and reporting relating to Department of Defense’s Cloud Initiative. Sec. 1065. Limitation on use of funds for United States Special Operations Command Global Messaging and CounterMessaging platform. Sec. 1066. Comprehensive review of professionalism and ethics programs for special operations forces. Sec. 1067. Munitions assessments and future years defense program requirements. Sec. 1068. Report on establishment of Army Futures Command. Sec. 1069. Report on cyberenabled information operations. Sec. 1070. Report on unmanned aircraft in Arlington National Cemetery. Sec. 1071. Report on an updated Arctic strategy. Sec. 1072. Report on use and availability of military installations for disaster response. Sec. 1073. Report on Department of Defense participation in Export Administration Regulations license application review process. Sec. 1074. Military aviation readiness review in support of the National Defense 
Strategy. Sec. 1075. Report on highestpriority roles and missions of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 1081. Technical, conforming, and clerical amendments. Sec. 1082. Principal Advisor on Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction. Sec. 1083. Modification of authority to transfer aircraft to other departments for wildfire suppression purposes. Sec. 1084. Improvement of database on emergency response capabilities. Sec. 1085. Disclosure requirements for United Statesbased foreign media outlets. Sec. 1086. United States policy with respect to freedom of navigation and overflight. Sec. 1087. National Commission on Military Aviation Safety. Sec. 1088. Sense of Congress regarding the international borders of the United States. Sec. 1089. Policy on response to juvenileonjuvenile problematic sexual behavior committed on military installations. Sec. 1090. Recognition of America’s veterans. Sec. 1091. Prohibition of funds for Chinese language instruction provided by a Confucius Institute. Sec. 1092. Department of Defense engagement with certain nonprofit entities in support of missions of deployed United States personnel around the world. TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS Sec. 1101. Direct hire authority for the Department of Defense for certain competitive service positions. Sec. 1102. Modification of direct hire authority for the Department of Defense for postsecondary students and recent graduates. Sec. 1103. Extension of overtime rate authority for Department of the Navy employees performing work aboard or dockside in support of the nuclearpowered aircraft carrier forward deployed in Japan. Sec. 1104. Oneyear extension and expansion of authority to waive annual limitation on premium pay and aggregate limitation on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas. Sec. 1105. Extension of authority to conduct telework travel expenses test programs. Sec. 1106. Personnel demonstration projects. Sec. 1107. Expanded flexibility in selecting candidates from referral lists. Sec. 1108. Expedited hiring authority for college graduates and post secondary students. Sec. 1109. Inapplicability of certification of executive qualifications by qualification review boards of Office of Personnel Management for initial appointments to Senior Executive Service positions in Department of Defense. Sec. 1110. Engagement with Historically Black Colleges and Universities and minorityserving institutions for the purposes of technical workforce enhancement. Sec. 1111. Inclusion of Strategic Capabilities Office and Defense Innovation Unit Experimental of the Department of Defense in personnel management authority to attract experts in science and engineering. Sec. 1112. Enhancement of flexible management authorities for science and technology reinvention laboratories of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1113. Inclusion of Office of Secretary of Defense among components of the Department of Defense covered by direct hire authority for financial management experts. Sec. 1114. Alcohol testing of civil service mariners of the Military Sealift Command assigned to vessels. Sec. 1115. Oneyear extension of temporary authority to grant allowances, benefits, and gratuities to civilian personnel on official duty in a combat zone. TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Subtitle A—Assistance and Training Sec. 1201. Modification of authority to build the capacity of foreign security forces. 
Sec. 1202. Clarification of authority for use of advisors and trainers for training of personnel of foreign ministries with security missions under defense institution capacity building authorities. Sec. 1203. Increase in cost limitation and additional notification required for small scale construction related to security cooperation. Sec. 1204. Technical corrections relating to defense security cooperation statutory reorganization. Sec. 1205. Review and report on processes and procedures used to carry out section 362 of title 10, United States Code. Sec. 1206. Report on the use of security cooperation authorities. Sec. 1207. Participation in and support of the InterAmerican Defense College. Sec. 1208. Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School. Sec. 1209. Expansion of Regional Defense Combating Terrorism Fellowship Program to include irregular warfare. Sec. 1210. Modification to Department of Defense State Partnership Program. Sec. 1211. Assessment, monitoring, and evaluation of security cooperation. Sec. 1212. Legal and policy review of advise, assist, and accompany missions. Sec. 1213. Extension and modification of authority to support border security operations of certain foreign countries. Sec. 1214. Framework for obtaining concurrence for participation in activities of regional centers for security studies. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan Sec. 1221. Extension of authority to transfer defense articles and provide defense services to the military and security forces of Afghanistan. Sec. 1222. Extension and modification of reporting requirements for special immigrant visas for Afghan allies program. Sec. 1223. Afghanistan Security Forces Fund. Sec. 1224. Extension and modification of Commanders’ Emergency Response Program. Sec. 1225. Extension and modification of authority for reimbursement of certain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations. Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran Sec. 1231. Extension and modification of authority to provide assistance to the vetted Syrian opposition. Sec. 1232. Syrian war crimes accountability. Sec. 1233. Extension of authority to provide assistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. Sec. 1234. Limitation on assistance to the Government of Iraq. Sec. 1235. Extension and modification of authority to support operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. Sec. 1236. Modification of annual report on military power of Iran. Sec. 1237. Strategy to counter destabilizing activities of Iran. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to the Russian Federation Sec. 1241. Prohibition on availability of funds relating to sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. Sec. 1242. Limitation on availability of funds relating to implementation of the Open Skies Treaty. Sec. 1243. Determination required regarding material breach of INF Treaty by the Russian Federation. Sec. 1244. Comprehensive response to the Russian Federation’s material breach of the INF Treaty. Sec. 1245. Report on implementation of the New START Treaty. Sec. 1246. Modification and extension of Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative. Sec. 1247. Extension of limitation on military cooperation between the United States and the Russian Federation. Sec. 1248. Sense of Congress on enhancing deterrence against Russian aggression in Europe. Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the IndoPacific Region Sec. 1251. Name of United States IndoPacific Command. Sec. 1252. Redesignation, expansion, and extension of Southeast Asia Maritime Security Initiative. Sec. 1253. Redesignation and modification of sense of Congress and initiative for the IndoAsiaPacific region. Sec. 1254. Assessment of and report on geopolitical conditions in the Indo Pacific region. Sec. 1255. Sense of Congress on extended nuclear deterrence in the IndoPacific region. Sec. 1256. Reinstatement of reporting requirements with respect to United StatesHong Kong relations. Sec. 1257. Strengthening Taiwan’s force readiness. Sec. 1258. Sense of Congress on Taiwan. Sec. 1259. Prohibition on participation of the People’s Republic of China in Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC) naval exercises. Sec. 1260. Modification of annual report on military and security developments involving the People’s Republic of China. Sec. 1261. United States strategy on China. Sec. 1262. Report on military and coercive activities of the People’s Republic of China in South China Sea. Sec. 1263. Requirement for critical languages and expertise in Chinese, Korean, Russian, Farsi, and Arabic. Sec. 1264. Limitation on use of funds to reduce the total number of members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty who are deployed to the Republic of Korea. Sec. 1265. Reports on nuclear capabilities of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. Sec. 1266. Modification of report required under enhancing defense and security cooperation with India. Subtitle F—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 1271. Modification of authorities relating to acquisition and crossservicing 
agreements. Sec. 1272. United StatesIsrael countering unmanned aerial systems cooperation. Sec. 1273. Enhancement of U.S.Israel defense cooperation. Sec. 1274. Review to determine whether the Armed Forces or coalition partners of the United States violated Federal law or Department of Defense policy while conducting operations in Yemen. Sec. 1275. Report on United States Government security cooperation and assistance programs with Mexico. Sec. 1276. Report on Department of Defense missions, operations, and activities in Niger. Sec. 1277. Report on the security relationship between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus. Sec. 1278. Sense of Congress on detention of United States citizens by the Government of the Republic of Turkey. Sec. 1279. Technical amendments related to NATO Support and Procurement Organization and related NATO agreements. Sec. 1280. Report on permanent stationing of United States forces in the Republic of Poland. Sec. 1281. Report on strengthening NATO cyber defense. Sec. 1282. Report on status of the United States relationship with the Republic of Turkey. Sec. 1283. Sense of the Congress concerning militarytomilitary dialogues. Sec. 1284. Modifications to Global Engagement Center. Sec. 1285. Sense of Congress on countering hybrid threats and malign influence. Sec. 1286. Initiative to support protection of national security academic researchers from undue influence and other security threats. Sec. 1287. Report on Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. Sec. 1288. Modification of freedom of navigation reporting requirements. Sec. 1289. Coordination of efforts to negotiate free trade agreements with certain subSaharan African countries. Sec. 1290. Certifications regarding actions by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates in Yemen. Sec. 1291. Treatment of Rwandan Patriotic Front and Rwandan Patriotic Army under Immigration and Nationality Act. Sec. 1292. Limitation on availability of funds to implement the Arms Trade Treaty. Sec. 1293. Prohibition on provision of weapons and other forms of support to certain organizations. Sec. 1294. Modified waiver authority for certain sanctionable transactions under section 231 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Sec. 1295. Rule of construction relating to the use of force. TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION Sec. 1301. Funding allocations. Sec. 1302. Specification of cooperative threat reduction funds. TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Military Programs Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. Sec. 1402. Chemical agents and munitions destruction, defense. Sec. 1403. Drug interdiction and counterdrug activities, defensewide. Sec. 1404. Defense inspector general. Sec. 1405. Defense health program. Subtitle B—Armed Forces Retirement Home Sec. 1411. Authorization of appropriations for Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1412. Expansion of eligibility for residence at the Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1413. Oversight of health care provided to residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1414. Modification of authority on acceptance of gifts for the Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1415. Relief for residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home impacted by increase in fees. Sec. 1416. Limitation on applicability of fee increase for residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 1421. Authority for transfer of funds to joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs medical facility demonstration fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois. Sec. 1422. Economical and efficient operation of working capital fund activities. Sec. 1423. Consolidation of reporting requirements under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act. Sec. 1424. Quarterly briefing on progress of chemical demilitarization program. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 1501. Purpose. Sec. 1502. Procurement. Sec. 1503. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 1504. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 1505. Military personnel. Sec. 1506. Working capital funds. Sec. 1507. Drug interdiction and counterdrug activities, defensewide. Sec. 1508. Defense inspector general. Sec. 1509. Defense health program. Subtitle B—Financial Matters Sec. 1511. Treatment as additional authorizations. Sec. 1512. Special transfer authority. Sec. 1513. Overseas contingency operations. Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 1521. Joint ImprovisedThreat Defeat Organization. Sec. 1522. Enduring costs funded through overseas contingency operations. Sec. 1523. Comptroller General report on use of funds provided by overseas contingency operations. TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Subtitle A—Space Activities Sec. 1601. Improvements to acquisition system, personnel, and organization of space forces. Sec. 1602. Modifications to Space Rapid Capabilities Office. Sec. 1603. Rapid, responsive, and reliable space launch. Sec. 1604. Provision of space situational awareness services and information. Sec. 1605. Budget assessments for national security space programs. Sec. 1606. Improvements to commercial space launch operations. Sec. 1607. Space warfighting policy, review of space capabilities, and plan on space warfighting readiness. Sec. 1608. Use of small and mediumsize buses for strategic and tactical satellite payloads. Sec. 1609. Enhancement of positioning, navigation, and timing capacity. Sec. 1610. Designation of component of Department of Defense responsible for coordination of modernization efforts relating to militarycode capable GPS receiver cards. Sec. 1611. Designation of component of Department of Defense responsible for coordination of hosted payload information. Sec. 1612. Limitation on availability of funds for Joint Space Operations Center mission system. Sec. 1613. Evaluation and enhanced security of supply chain for protected satellite communications programs and overhead persistent infrared systems. Sec. 1614. Report on protected satellite communications. Sec. 1615. Report on enhancements to the Global Positioning System Operational Control Segment. Sec. 1616. Report on persistent weather imagery for United States Central Command. Sec. 1617. Study on spacebased radio frequency mapping. Sec. 1618. Independent study on space launch locations. Sec. 1619. Briefing on commercial satellite servicing capabilities. Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and IntelligenceRelated Activities Sec. 1621. Role of Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. Sec. 1622. Security vetting for foreign nationals. Sec. 1623. Department of Defense Counterintelligence polygraph program. Sec. 1624. Defense intelligence business management systems. Sec. 1625. Modification to annual briefing on the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance requirements of the combatant commands. Sec. 1626. Framework on governance, mission management, resourcing, and effective oversight of combat support agencies that are also elements of the intelligence community. Subtitle C—CyberspaceRelated Matters Sec. 1631. Reorganization and consolidation of certain cyber provisions. Sec. 1632. Affirming the authority of the Secretary of Defense to conduct military activities and operations in cyberspace. Sec. 1633. Department of Defense Cyber Scholarship Program scholarships and grants. Sec. 1634. Amendments to pilot program regarding cyber vulnerabilities of Department of Defense critical infrastructure. Sec. 1635. Modification of acquisition authority of the Commander of the United States Cyber Command. Sec. 1636. Policy of the United States on cyberspace, cybersecurity, cyber warfare, and cyber deterrence. Sec. 1637. Budget display for cyber vulnerability evaluations and mitigation activities for major weapon systems of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1638. Determination of responsibility for the Department of Defense Information Networks. Sec. 1639. Procedures and reporting requirement on cybersecurity breaches and loss 
of personally identifiable information and controlled unclassified information. Sec. 1640. Program to establish cyber institutes at institutions of higher learning. Sec. 1641. Matters pertaining to the SharkSeer cybersecurity program. Sec. 1642. Active defense against the Russian Federation, People’s Republic of China, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, and Islamic Republic of Iran attacks in cyberspace. Sec. 1643. Designation of official for matters relating to integrating cybersecurity and industrial control systems within the Department of Defense. Sec. 1644. Assistance for small manufacturers in the defense industrial supply chain and universities on matters relating to cybersecurity. Sec. 1645. Email and Internet website security and authentication. Sec. 1646. Security product integration framework. Sec. 1647. Information security continuous monitoring and cybersecurity scorecard. Sec. 1648. Tier 1 exercise of support to civil authorities for a cyber incident. Sec. 1649. Pilot program on modeling and simulation in support of military homeland defense operations in connection with cyber attacks on critical infrastructure. Sec. 1650. Pilot program authority to enhance cybersecurity and resiliency of critical infrastructure. Sec. 1651. Pilot program on regional cybersecurity training center for the Army National Guard. Sec. 1652. Cyberspace Solarium Commission. Sec. 1653. Study and report on reserve component cyber civil support teams. Sec. 1654. Identification of countries of concern regarding cybersecurity. Sec. 1655. Mitigation of risks to national security posed by providers of information technology products and services who have obligations to foreign governments. Sec. 1656. Report on Cybersecurity Apprentice Program. Sec. 1657. Report on enhancement of software security for critical systems. Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces Sec. 1661. Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the Nuclear Weapons Council. Sec. 1662. Longrange standoff weapon requirements. Sec. 1663. Acceleration of groundbased strategic deterrent program and long range standoff weapon program. Sec. 1664. Procurement authority for certain parts of intercontinental ballistic missile fuzes. Sec. 1665. Prohibition on reduction of the intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United States. Sec. 1666. Extension of prohibition on availability of funds for mobile variant of groundbased strategic deterrent missile. Sec. 1667. Exchange program for nuclear weapons program employees. Sec. 1668. Plan to train officers in nuclear command, control, and communications. Sec. 1669. Independent study on options to increase Presidential decisiontime regarding nuclear weapons employment. Sec. 1670. Extension of annual report on plan for the nuclear weapons stockpile, nuclear weapons complex, nuclear weapons delivery systems, and nuclear weapons command and control system. Sec. 1671. Plan for alignment of acquisition of warhead life extension programs and delivery vehicles for such warheads. Sec. 1672. Annual report on development of longrange standoff weapon. Sec. 1673. Sense of Congress on nuclear posture of the United States. Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs Sec. 1675. Development of persistent space based sensor architecture. Sec. 1676. Boost phase ballistic missile defense. Sec. 1677. Extension of requirement for reports on unfunded priorities of Missile Defense Agency. Sec. 1678. Extension of prohibition relating to missile defense information and systems. Sec. 1679. Modification of requirement relating to transition of ballistic missile defense programs to military departments. 
Sec. 1680. Modification of requirement to develop a spacebased ballistic missile intercept layer. Sec. 1681. Improvements to acquisition processes of Missile Defense Agency. Sec. 1682. Layered defense of the United States homeland. Sec. 1683. Testing of redesigned kill vehicle prior to production and ground based midcourse defense acceleration options. Sec. 1684. Requirements for ballistic missile defense capable ships. Sec. 1685. Multiyear procurement authority for standard missile–3 IB guided missiles. Sec. 1686. Limitation on availability of funds for Army lower tier air and missile defense sensor. Sec. 1687. Missile defense radar in Hawaii. Sec. 1688. Iron Dome shortrange rocket defense system and Israeli cooperative missile defense program codevelopment and coproduction. Sec. 1689. Acceleration of hypersonic missile defense program. Sec. 1690. Report on ballistic missile defense. Sec. 1691. Sense of Congress on allied partnerships for missile defense. Sec. 1692. Sense of Congress on testing by Missile Defense Agency. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 1695. Extension of Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attacks and Similar Events. Sec. 1696. Procurement of ammonium perchlorate and other chemicals for use in solid rocket motors. Sec. 1697. Budget exhibit on support provided to entities outside Department of Defense. Sec. 1698. Conventional prompt global strike hypersonic capabilities. Sec. 1699. Report regarding industrial base for large solid rocket motors. TITLE XVII—REVIEW OF FOREIGN INVESTMENT AND EXPORT CONTROLS Subtitle A—Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States Sec. 1701. Short title: Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018. Sec. 1702. Findings; sense of Congress. Sec. 1703. Definitions. Sec. 1704. Acceptance of written notices. Sec. 1705. Inclusion of partnership and side agreements in notice. Sec. 1706. Declarations for certain covered transactions. Sec. 1707. Stipulations regarding transactions. Sec. 1708. Authority for unilateral initiation of reviews. Sec. 1709. Timing for reviews and investigations. Sec. 1710. Identification of nonnotified and nondeclared transactions. Sec. 1711. Submission of certifications to Congress. Sec. 1712. Analysis by Director of National Intelligence. Sec. 1713. Information sharing. Sec. 1714. Action by the President. Sec. 1715. Judicial review. Sec. 1716. Considerations for regulations. Sec. 1717. Membership and staff of Committee. Sec. 1718. Actions by the Committee to address national security risks. Sec. 1719. Modification of annual report and other reporting requirements. Sec. 1720. Certification of notices and information. Sec. 1721. Implementation plans. Sec. 1722. Assessment of need for additional resources for Committee. Sec. 1723. Funding. Sec. 1724. Centralization of certain Committee functions. Sec. 1725. Conforming amendments. Sec. 1726. Briefing on information from transactions reviewed by Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States relating to foreign efforts to influence democratic institutions and processes. Sec. 1727. Effective date. Sec. 1728. Severability. Subtitle B—Export Control Reform Sec. 1741. Short title. Sec. 1742. Definitions. PARTI—A UTHORITY AND ADMINISTRATION OF  CONTROLS  Sec. 1751. Short title. Sec. 1752. Statement of policy. Sec. 1753. Authority of the President. Sec. 1754. Additional authorities. Sec. 1755. Administration of export controls. Sec. 1756. Licensing. Sec. 1757. Compliance assistance. Sec. 1758. Requirements to identify and control the export of emerging and foundational technologies. Sec. 1759. Review relating to countries subject to comprehensive United States arms embargo. Sec. 1760. Penalties. Sec. 1761. Enforcement. Sec. 1762. Administrative procedure. Sec. 1763. Review of interagency dispute resolution process. Sec. 1764. Consultation with other agencies on commodity classification. Sec. 1765. Annual report to Congress. Sec. 1766. Repeal. Sec. 1767. Effect on other Acts. Sec. 1768. Transition provisions. PARTII—A NTIBOYCOTT ACT OF 2018 Sec. 1771. Short title. Sec. 1772. Statement of policy. Sec. 1773. Foreign boycotts. Sec. 1774. Enforcement. PARTIII—A DMINISTRATIVE AUTHORITIES  Sec. 1781. Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous Sec. 1791. Extension of authority. Sec. 1792. Limitation on cancellation of designation of Secretary of the Air Force as Department of Defense Executive Agent for a certain Defense Production Act program. Sec. 1793. Review of and report on certain defense technologies critical to the United States maintaining superior military capabilities. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 2001. Short title. Sec. 2002. Expiration of authorizations and amounts required to be specified by law. Sec. 2003. Effective date. TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2101. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2102. Family housing. Sec. 2103. Authorization of appropriations, Army. Sec. 2104. Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal year 2015 projects. Sec. 2105. Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal year 2016 project. TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2202. Family housing. Sec. 2203. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2204. Authorization of appropriations, Navy. TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2302. Family housing. Sec. 2303. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2304. Authorization of appropriations, Air Force. Sec. 2305. Modification of authority to carry out certain phased project authorized in fiscal years 2015, 2016, and 2017. Sec. 2306. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2017 project. Sec. 2307. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 project. Sec. 2308. Additional authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 projects. Sec. 2309. Additional authority to carry out project at Travis Air Force Base, California, in fiscal year 2019. TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2401. Authorized defense agencies construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2402. Authorized energy conservation projects. Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, defense agencies. Sec. 2404. Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal year 2015 projects. Sec. 2405. Authorization of certain fiscal year 2018 project. TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, NATO. Subtitle B—Host Country Inkind Contributions Sec. 2511. Republic of Korea funded construction projects. TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 2601 . Authorized Army National Guard construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, National Guard and Reserve. Subtitle B—Other Matters Sec. 2611. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2016 project. Sec. 2612. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 project. Sec. 2613. Additional authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 project. TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations for base realignment and closure activities funded through Department of Defense Base Closure Account. Sec. 2702. Additional authority to realign or 
Sec. 2703. Prohibition on conducting additional base realignment and closure (BRAC) round. TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing Sec. 2801. Modification of contract authority for acquisition, construction, or furnishing of test facilities and equipment. Sec. 2802. Commercial construction standards for facilities on leased property. Sec. 2803. Congressional oversight of projects carried out pursuant to laws other than Military Construction Authorization Acts. Sec. 2804. Small business setaside for contracts for architectural and engineering services and construction design. Sec. 2805. Updates and modifications to Department of Defense Form 1391, Unified Facilities Criteria, and military installation master plans. Sec. 2806. Work in Process Curve charts and outlay tables for military construction projects. Sec. 2807. Extension of temporary, limited authority to use operation and maintenance funds for construction projects in certain areas outside the United States. Sec. 2808. Authority to obtain architectural and engineering services and construction design for defense laboratory modernization program. Sec. 2809. Repeal of limitation on certain Guam project. Sec. 2810. Enhancing force protection and safety on military installations. Sec. 2811. Limitation on use of funds for acquisition of furnished energy for new medical center in Germany. Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities Administration Sec. 2821. Force structure plans and infrastructure capabilities necessary to support the force structure. Sec. 2822. Exemption of Department of Defense offsite use and offsite removal only nonmobile properties from certain excess property disposal requirements. Sec. 2823. Retrofitting existing windows in military family housing units to be equipped with fall prevention devices. Sec. 2824. Updating prohibition on use of certain assessment of public schools on Department of Defense installations to supersede funding of certain projects. Sec. 2825. Study of feasibility of using 20year intergovernmental support agreements for installationsupport services. Sec. 2826. Representation of installation interests in negotiations and proceedings with carriers and other public utilities. Sec. 2827. Clarification to include National Guard installations in Readiness and Environmental Protection Integration program. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances Sec. 2841. Land exchange, Air Force Plant 44, Tucson, Arizona. Sec. 2842. Authority for transfer of administrative jurisdiction over certain lands, Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms, California, and Marine Corps Air Station Yuma, Arizona. Sec. 2843. Environmental restoration and future conveyance of portion of former Mare Island Firing Range, Vallejo, California. Sec. 2844. Release of restrictions, University of California, San Diego. Sec. 2845. Land exchange, Naval support activity, Washington Navy Yard, District of Columbia. Sec. 2846. Land conveyance, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. Sec. 2847. Public inventory of Guam land parcels for transfer to Government of Guam. Sec. 2848. Modification of conditions on land conveyance, Joliet Army Ammunition Plant, Illinois. Sec. 2849. Land conveyance, Naval Academy dairy farm, Gambrills, Maryland. Sec. 2850. Technical correction of description of Limestone Hills Training Area Land Withdrawal and Reservation, Montana. Sec. 2851. Land conveyance, WasatchCache National Forest, Rich County, Utah. Sec. 2852. Commemoration of Freedman’s Village. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 2861. Defense community infrastructure pilot program. Sec. 2862. Strategic plan to improve capabilities of Department of Defense training ranges and installations. Sec. 2863. Restrictions on use of funds for development of public infrastructure in Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands. Sec. 2864. Study and report on inclusion of Coleman Bridge, York River, Virginia, in Strategic Highway Network. Sec. 2865. Defense access roads relating to closures due to sea level fluctuation and flooding. Sec. 2866. Authority to transfer funds for construction of Indian River Bridge. Sec. 2867. Plan to allow increased public access to the National Naval Aviation Museum and Barrancas National Cemetery, Naval Air Station Pensacola. TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2901. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2902. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2903. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2904. Authorized defense agencies construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2905. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 2906. Restrictions on use of funds for planning and design costs of European Deterrence Initiative projects. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Subtitle A—National Security Programs and 
Authorizations Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Administration. Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. Sec. 3104. Nuclear energy. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 3111. Development of lowyield nuclear weapons. Sec. 3112. Department of Energy counterintelligence polygraph program. Sec. 3113. Inclusion of capital assets acquisition projects in activities by Director for Cost Estimating and Program Evaluation. Sec. 3114. Modification of authority for acceptance of contributions for acceleration of removal or security of fissile materials, radiological materials, and related equipment at vulnerable sites worldwide. Sec. 3115. Notification regarding air release of radioactive or hazardous material at Hanford Nuclear Reservation. Sec. 3116. Amendments to the Atomic Energy Act of 1954. Sec. 3117. Extension of enhanced procurement authority to manage supply chain risk. Sec. 3118. Hanford waste tank cleanup program. Sec. 3119. Use of funds for construction and project support activities relating to MOX facility. Sec. 3120. Plutonium pit production. Sec. 3121. Pilot program on conduct by Department of Energy of background reviews for access by certain individuals to national security laboratories. Sec. 3122. Prohibition on availability of funds for programs in Russian Federation. Sec. 3123. Prohibition on availability of funds for research and development of advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on lowenriched uranium. Sec. 3124. Limitation on availability of funds relating to submission of annual reports on unfunded priorities. Subtitle C—Plans and Reports Sec. 3131. Modifications to costbenefit analyses for competition of management and operating contracts. Sec. 3132. Nuclear forensics analyses. Sec. 3133. Review of defense environmental cleanup activities. Sec. 3134. Whistleblower protections. Sec. 3135. Implementation of Nuclear Posture Review by National Nuclear Security Administration. Sec. 3136. Survey of workforce of national security laboratories and nuclear weapons production facilities. Sec. 3137. Elimination of certain reports. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 3141. Acceleration of replacement of cesium blood irradiation sources. Sec. 3142. Sense of Congress regarding compensation of individuals relating to uranium mining and nuclear testing. TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD Sec. 3201. Authorization. TITLE XXXIV—NAVAL PETROLEUM RESERVES Sec. 3401. Authorization of appropriations. TITLE XXXV—MARITIME MATTERS Subtitle A—Maritime Administration Sec. 3501. Authorization of the Maritime Administration. Sec. 3502. Compliance by Ready Reserve Fleet vessels with SOLAS lifeboats and fire suppression requirements. Sec. 3503. Maritime Administration National Security MultiMission Vessel Program. Sec. 3504. Permanent authority of Secretary of Transportation to issue vessel war risk insurance. Sec. 3505. Use of State maritime academy training vessels. Sec. 3506. Concurrent jurisdiction. Sec. 3507. United States Merchant Marine Academy policy on sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking. 
Sec. 3508. Report on implementation of recommendations for the United States Merchant Marine Academy Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program. Sec. 3509. Report on the application of the Uniform Code of Military Justice to the United States Merchant Marine Academy. Sec. 3510. Electronic records on mariner availability to meet national security needs. Sec. 3511. Small shipyard grants. Sec. 3512. Sea year on contracted vessels. Sec. 3513. GAO report on national maritime strategy. Sec. 3514. Multiyear contracts. Sec. 3515. Miscellaneous. Sec. 3516. Department of Transportation Inspector General report on Title XI program. Subtitle B—Coast Guard Sec. 3521. Alignment with Department of Defense and sea services authorities. Sec. 3522. Preliminary development and demonstration. Sec. 3523. Contract termination. Sec. 3524. Reimbursement for travel expenses. Sec. 3525. Capital investment plan. Sec. 3526. Major acquisition program risk assessment. Sec. 3527. Marine safety implementation status. Sec. 3528. Retirement of Vice Commandant. Sec. 3529. Large recreational vessel regulations. Subtitle C—Coast Guard and Shipping Technical Corrections CHAPTER 1—C OAST GUARD  Sec. 3531. Commandant defined. Sec. 3532. Training course on workings of Congress. Sec. 3533. Miscellaneous. Sec. 3534. Department of Defense consultation. Sec. 3535. Repeal. Sec. 3536. Mission need statement. Sec. 3537. Continuation on active duty. Sec. 3538. System acquisition authorization. Sec. 3539. Inventory of real property. CHAPTER 2—M ARITIME TRANSPORTATION  Sec. 3541. Definitions. Sec. 3542. Authority to exempt vessels. Sec. 3543. Passenger vessels. Sec. 3544. Tank vessels. Sec. 3545. Grounds for denial or revocation. Sec. 3546. Miscellaneous corrections to title 46, U.S.C. Sec. 3547. Miscellaneous corrections to Oil Pollution Act of 1990. Sec. 3548. Miscellaneous corrections. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES Sec. 4001. Authorization of amounts in funding tables. TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT Sec. 4101. Procurement. Sec. 4102. Procurement for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Sec. 4201. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 4202. Research, development, test, and evaluation for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Sec. 4301. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 4302. Operation and maintenance for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL Sec. 4401. Military personnel. Sec. 4402. Military personnel for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 4501. Other authorizations. Sec. 4502. Other authorizations for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 4601. Military construction. Sec. 4602. Military construction for overseas contingency operations. TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Sec. 4701. Department of Energy national security programs. SEC. 3. CONGRESSIONAL DEFENSE COMMITTEES. 
In this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(16) of title 10, United States Code. 
The budgetary effects of this Act, for the purposes of complying with the Statutory PayAs YouGo Act of 2010, shall be determined by reference to the latest statement titled ‘‘Budgetary Effects of PAYGO Legislation’’ for this Act, jointly submitted for printing in the Congressional Record by the Chairmen of the House and Senate Budget Committees, provided that such statement has been submitted prior to the vote on passage in the House acting first on the conference report or amendment between the Houses. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—PROCUREMENT Subtitle A—Authorization Of Appropriations Sec. 101. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Army Programs Sec. 111. National Guard and reserve component equipment report. Sec. 112. Deployment by the Army of an interim cruise missile defense capability. Subtitle C—Navy Programs Sec. 121. Procurement authority for Ford class aircraft carrier program. Sec. 122. Full ship shock trial for Ford class aircraft carrier. Sec. 123. Sense of Congress on accelerated production of aircraft carriers. Sec. 124. Multiyear procurement authority for standard missile–6. Sec. 125. Multiyear procurement authority for E–2D aircraft. Sec. 126. Multiyear procurement authority for F/A–18E/F aircraft and EA–18G aircraft. Sec. 127. Modifications to F/A–18 aircraft to mitigate physiological episodes. Sec. 128. Frigate class ship program. Sec. 129. Contract requirement for Virginia class submarine program. Sec. 130. Prohibition on availability of funds for Navy port waterborne security barriers. Sec. 131. Extension of limitation on use of sole source shipbuilding contracts for certain vessels. Sec. 132. Limitation on availability of funds for M27 Infantry Automatic Rifle program. Sec. 133. Report on degaussing standards for DDG–51 destroyers. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs Sec. 141. Inventory requirement for air refueling tanker aircraft; limitation on retirement of KC–10A aircraft. Sec. 142. Multiyear procurement authority for C–130J aircraft program. Sec. 143. Contract for logistics support for VC– 25B aircraft. Sec. 144. Retirement date for VC–25A aircraft. Sec. 145. Repeal of funding restriction for EC– 130H Compass Call Recapitalization Program. Sec. 146. Limitation on use of funds for KC–46A aircraft pending submittal of certification. Sec. 147. Limitation on availability of funds for retirement of E–8 JSTARS Aircraft. Sec. 148. Report on modernization of B–52H aircraft systems. Subtitle E—Defensewide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters Sec. 151. Procurement authority for additional icebreaker vessels. Sec. 152. Buytobudget acquisition of F–35 aircraft. Sec. 153. Certification on inclusion of technology to minimize physiological episodes in certain aircraft. Sec. 154. Armored commercial passengercarrying vehicles. Sec. 155. Quarterly updates on the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program. Subtitle A—Authorization Of Appropriations 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defensewide activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4101. Subtitle B—Army Programs 
SEC. 111. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE COMPONENT EQUIPMENT REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 10541(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(10) A joint assessment by the Chief of Staff of the Army and the Chief of the National Guard Bureau on the efforts of the Army to achieve parity among the active component, the Army Reserve, and the Army National Guard with respect to equipment and capabilities. Each assessment shall include a comparison of the inventory of high priority items of equipment available to each component of the Army described in preceding sentence, including— ‘‘(A) AH–64 Attack Helicopters; ‘‘(B) UH–60 Black Hawk Utility Helicopters; ‘‘(C) Abrams Main Battle Tanks; ‘‘(D) Bradley Infantry Fighting Vehicles; ‘‘(E) Stryker Combat Vehicles; and ‘‘(F) any other items of equipment identified as high priority by the Chief of Staff of the Army or the Chief of the National Guard Bureau.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to reports required to be submitted under section 10541 of title 10, United States Code, after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 112. DEPLOYMENT BY THE ARMY OF AN INTERIM CRUISE MISSILE DEFENSE CAPABILITY. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall certify to the congressional defense committees whether there is a need for the Army to deploy an interim missile defense capability. (b) DEPLOYMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—If the Secretary of Defense certifies that there is a need for the Army to deploy an interim missile defense capability under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Army shall deploy the capability as follows: (A) Two batteries of the capability shall be deployed by not later than September 30, 2020. (B) Two additional batteries of the capability shall be deployed by not later than September 30, 2023. (2) ACHIEVEMENT OF DEPLOYMENT DEAD LINES .—In order to meet the deadlines for deployment specified in paragraph (1) the Secretary of the Army may— (A) deploy systems that require the least amount of development; (B) procure nondevelopmental air and missile defense systems currently in production to ensure rapid delivery of capability; (C) use existing systems, components, and capabilities already in the Joint Force inventory, including rockets and missiles as available; (D) use operational information technology for communication, detection, and fire control 
that is certified to work with existing joint information technology systems to ensure interoperability; (E) engage and collaborate with officials, organizations, and activities of the Department of Defense with responsibilities relating to science and technology, engineering, testing, and acquisition, including the Defense Innovation United Experimental, the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, the Defense Digital Service, the Strategic Capabilities Office, and the Rapid Capabilities offices, to accelerate the development, testing, and deployment of existing systems; (F) use institutional and operational basing to facilitate rapid training and fielding; (G) consider a range of direct energy weapon systems to compete for the 2023 deployment specified in paragraph (1)(B); and (H) carry out such other activities as the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (3) AUTHORITIES .—In carrying out paragraphs (1) and (2), Secretary of the Army may use any authority of the Secretary relating to acquisition, technology transfer, and personnel management that the Secretary considers appropriate, including rapid acquisition and rapid prototyping authorities, to resource and procure an interim missile defense capability. (4) WAIVER .—The Secretary of the Army may waive the deadlines for deployment specified in paragraph (1) if the Secretary determines that sufficient funds have not been appropriated to enable the Secretary to meet such deadlines. (c) INGENERAL .—If the Secretary of the Army will deploy an interim missile defense capability pursuant to subsection (b), then, by not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary, in consultation with the Chief of Staff of the Army, shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing that includes— (1) recommendations identifying any interim missile defense capabilities to be deployed and a proposed rapid acquisition schedule for such capabilities; (2) a plan to rapidly resource any identified shortfalls for any such capability selected for deployment; and (3) a schedule and timeline for the fielding and deployment of any such capability. (d) INTERIM MISSILE DEFENSE CAPABILITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘interim missile defense capability’’ means a fixedsite, cruise missile defense capability that may be deployed before the Indirect Fire Protection Capability of the Army becomes fully operational. Subtitle C—Navy Programs 
SEC. 121. PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR FORD CLASS AIRCRAFT CARRIER PROGRAM. 
(a) C ONTRACT AUTHORITY .— (1) PROCUREMENT AUTHORIZED .—The Sec retary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of one Ford class aircraft carrier to be designated CVN–81. (2) PROCUREMENT IN CONJUNCTION WITH CVN – 
80.—The aircraft carrier authorized to be procured under paragraph (1) may be procured as an addition to the contract covering the Ford class aircraft carrier designated CVN–80 that is authorized to be constructed under section 121 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2104). (b) CERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—A contract may not be entered into under subsection (a) unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees, in writing, not later than 30 days before entry into the contract, each of the following, which shall be prepared by the milestone decision authority for the Ford class aircraft carrier program: (1) The use of such a contract will result in significant savings compared to the total anticipated costs of carrying out the program through annual contracts. In certifying cost savings under the preceding sentence, the Secretary shall include a written explanation of— (A) the estimated obligations and expenditures by fiscal year for CVN–80 and CVN–81, by hull, without the authority provided in subsection (a); (B) the estimated obligations and expenditures by fiscal year for CVN–80 and CVN–81, by hull, with the authority provided in subsection (a); (C) the estimated cost savings or increase by fiscal year for CVN–80 and CVN–81, by hull, with the authority provided in subsection (a); (D) the discrete actions that will accomplish such cost savings or avoidance; and (E) the contractual actions that will ensure the estimated cost savings are realized. (2) There is a reasonable expectation that throughout the contemplated contract period the Secretary of Defense will request funding for the contract at the level required to avoid contract cancellation. (3) There is a stable design for the property to be acquired and that the technical risks associated with such property are not excessive. (4) The estimates of both the cost of the contract and the anticipated cost avoidance through the use of a contract authorized under subsection (a) are realistic. (5) The use of such a contract will promote the national security of the United States. (6) During the fiscal year in which such contract is to be awarded, sufficient funds will be available to perform the contract in such fiscal year, and the futureyears defense program (as defined under section 221 of title 10, United States Code) for such fiscal year will include the funding required to execute the program without cancellation. (7) The contract will be a fixed price type contract. (c) USE OF INCREMENTAL FUNDING .—With re spect to a contract entered into under subsection (a), the Secretary of the Navy may use incremental funding to make payments under the contract. No such payments may be obligated after the date that is 11 months after the date on which the fitting out of the aircraft carrier associated with the contract is completed. (d) LIABILITY .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that the total liability to the Government for termination of the contract entered into shall be limited to the total amount of funding obligated at the time of termination. (e) CONDITION FOR OUTYEAR CONTRACT PAYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such fiscal year. (f) MILESTONE DECISION AUTHORITY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘milestone decision authority’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2366a(d) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 122. FULL SHIP SHOCK TRIAL FOR FORD CLASS AIRCRAFT CARRIER. 
The Secretary of the Navy shall ensure that full ship shock trials results are incorporated into the construction of the Ford class aircraft carrier designated CVN–81. 
SEC. 123. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ACCELERATED PRODUCTION OF AIRCRAFT CARRIERS. 
It is the sense of Congress that the United States should accelerate the production of aircraft carriers to rapidly achieve the Navy’s goal of having 12 operational aircraft carriers. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of up to 625 standard missile–6 missiles at a rate of not more than 125 missiles per year during the covered period. (b) AUTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT  
AND ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITY .—The Sec retary may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement associated with the missiles (including economic order quantity) for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under subsection (a). (c) CONDITION FOR OUTYEAR CONTRACT PAYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (d) COVERED PERIOD DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered period’’ means the 5 year period beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year and ending with the fiscal year 2023 program year. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of up to 24 E–2D aircraft. (b) CONDITION FOR OUTYEAR CONTRACT PAYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 126. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR F/A–18E/F AIRCRAFT AND EA–18G AIRCRAFT. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of the following: (1) F/A–18E/F aircraft. (2) EA–18G aircraft. (b) CONDITION FOR OUTYEAR CONTRACT PAYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (c) AUTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT  
AND ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITY .—The Sec retary of the Navy may enter into one or more contracts, beginning in fiscal year 2019, for advance procurement associated with the aircraft for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under subsection (a), which may include one or more contracts for the procurement of economic order quantities of material and equipment for such aircraft. 
SEC. 127. MODIFICATIONS TO F/A–18 AIRCRAFT TO MITIGATE PHYSIOLOGICAL EPISODES. 
(a) M ODIFICATIONS REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Navy shall modify the F/A–18 aircraft to reduce the occurrence of, and mitigate the risk posed by, physiological episodes affecting crewmembers of the aircraft. The modifications shall include, at minimum— (1) replacement of the F/A–18 cockpit altimeter; (2) upgrade of the F/A–18 onboard oxygen generation system; (3) redesign of the F/A–18 aircraft life support systems required to meet onboard oxygen generation system input specifications; and (4) installation of equipment associated with improved F/A–18 physiological monitoring and alert systems. (b) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than February 1, 2019, and annually thereafter through 
February 1, 2021, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written update on the status of all modifications to the F/A–18 aircraft carried out by the Secretary pursuant to subsection (a). (c) WAIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the requirement to make a modification under subsection (a) if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that the specific modification is inadvisable and provides a detailed justification for excluding the modification from the Navy’s planned upgrades for the F/A–18 aircraft. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As part of the solicitation for proposals for the procurement of any frigate class ship in any of fiscal years 2019, 2020, or 2021, the Secretary of the Navy shall require that offerors submit proposals under which the offeror agrees to convey technical data to the Federal Government in the event the offeror is awarded the frigate construction contract associated with the proposal. (b) TECHNICAL DATADEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘technical data’’ means a compilation of detailed engineering plans and specifications for the construction of a frigate class ship. 
SEC. 129. CONTRACT REQUIREMENT FOR VIRGINIA CLASS SUBMARINE PROGRAM. 
Section 124 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) through (f) as subsections (e) through (g), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c), the following: ‘‘(d) CONTRACT REQUIREMENT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy shall ensure that a contract entered into under subsection (a) includes an option to procure a Virginia class submarine in each of fiscal years 2022 and 2023. ‘‘(2) OPTION DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘option’ has the meaning given that term in part 2.101 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation.’’. 
SEC. 130. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR NAVY PORT WATERBORNE SECURITY BARRIERS. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 may be obligated or expended to procure legacy waterborne security barriers for Navy ports. (b) WAIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the prohibition in subsection (a) not less than 30 days after submitting to the congressional defense committees— (1) a Navy requirements document that specifies key performance parameters and key system attributes for new waterborne security barriers for Navy ports; (2) a certification that the level of capability specified under paragraph (1) will meet or exceed that of legacy waterborne security barriers for Navy ports; (3) the acquisition strategy for the recapitalization of legacy waterborne security barriers for Navy ports, which shall meet or exceed the requirements specified under paragraph (1); and (4) a certification that any contract for new waterborne security barriers for a Navy port will be awarded in accordance with the requirements for full and open competition set forth in section 2304 of title 10, United States Code. (c) EXCEPTION .—The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any of the following activities: (1) The sustainment, refurbishment, and replacement of portions of existing waterborne security barriers at Navy ports due to normal wear and tear. (2) The procurement of new waterborne security barriers for Navy ports due to exigent circumstances. SEC. 131. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON USE OF SOLESOURCE SHIPBUILDING CONTRACTS FOR CERTAIN VESSELS. 
Section 124 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), as amended by section 127 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘or fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘, fiscal year 2018, or fiscal year 2019’’. 
SEC. 132. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR M27 INFANTRY AUTOMATIC RIFLE PROGRAM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the M27 Infantry Automatic Rifle program of the Marine Corps, not more than 80 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Commandant of the Marine Corps submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives the assessment described in subsection (b). (b) ASSESSMENT .—The assessment described in this subsection is a written summary of the views of the Marine Corps with respect to the Small Arms Ammunition Configuration Study of the Army, including— (1) an explanation of how the study informs the future small arms modernization requirements of the Marine Corps; and (2) nearterm and longterm modernization strategies for the small arms weapon systems of the Marine Corps, including associated funding and schedule profiles. 
SEC. 133. REPORT ON DEGAUSSING STANDARDS FOR DDG–51 DESTROYERS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on degaussing standards for the DDG–51 destroyer. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) a detailed description of the current degaussing standards for the DDG–51 destroyer; (2) a plan for incorporating such standards into the destroyer construction program; and (3) an assessment of the requirement to backfit such standards to inservice destroyers. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs 
SEC. 141. INVENTORY REQUIREMENT FOR AIR REFUELING TANKER AIRCRAFT; LIMITATION ON RETIREMENT OF KC–10A AIRCRAFT. 
(a) I NVENTORY REQUIREMENT .—Section 8062 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j)(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), effective October 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall maintain a total aircraft inventory of air refueling tanker aircraft of not less than 479 aircraft. ‘‘(2) The Secretary of the Air Force may reduce the number of air refueling tanker aircraft in the total aircraft inventory of the Air Force below 479 only if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that such reduction is justified by the results of the mobility capability and requirements study conducted under section 144(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91); and ‘‘(B) a period of 30 days has elapsed following the date on which the certification is made to the congressional defense committees under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘air refueling tanker aircraft’ means an aircraft that has as its primary mission the refueling of other aircraft. ‘‘(B) The term ‘total aircraft inventory’ means aircraft authorized to a flying unit for operations or training.’’. (b) LIMITATION ON RETIREMENT OF KC–10A.— (1) IN GENERAL .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for any fiscal year for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, or to prepare to retire, any KC–10A aircraft until the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force certifies to the congressional defense committees that Secretary has met the minimum inventory requirement under section 8062(j) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a) of this section. (2) EXCEPTION FOR CERTAIN AIRCRAFT .—The requirement of paragraph (1) does not apply to individual KC–10A aircraft that the Secretary of the Air Force determines, on a casebycase basis, to be nonoperational because of mishaps, other damage, or being uneconomical to repair. 
SEC. 142. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR C–130J AIRCRAFT PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Air Force may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of— (1) C–130J aircraft for the Air Force; and (2) C–130J aircraft for the Navy and the Marine Corps pursuant to the agreement described in subsection (b). (b) AGREEMENT DESCRIBED .—The agreement described in this subsection is the agreement between the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force under which the Secretary of the Air Force acts as the executive agent for the Department of the Navy for purposes of procuring C–130J aircraft for such Department. (c) AUTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT  
AND ECONOMIC ORDER QUANTITY .—The Sec retary of the Air Force may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement associated with the C–130J aircraft, including economic order quantity, for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under subsection (a). (d) CONDITION FOR OUTYEARCONTRACT PAYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (e) TREATMENT OF FISCAL YEAR 2018 A IRCRAFT .—The multiyear contract authority under subsection (a) includes C–130J aircraft for which funds were appropriated for fiscal year 2018. 
SEC. 143. CONTRACT FOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT FOR VC–25B AIRCRAFT. 
The Secretary of the Air Force shall— (1) ensure that the total period of any contract awarded for logistics support for the VC– 25B aircraft does not exceed five years, as required under part 17.204(e) of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, unless otherwise approved in accordance with established procedures; and (2) comply with section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, regarding full and open competition through the use of competitive procedures for the award of any logistics support contract following the initial fiveyear contract period. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of the application of section 2244a of title 10, United States Code, the retirement date of the covered aircraft is deemed to be not later than December 31, 2025. (b) COVERED AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered aircraft’’ means the two VC–25A aircraft of the Air Force that are in service as of the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 145. REPEAL OF FUNDING RESTRICTION FOR EC–130H COMPASS CALL RECAPITALIZATION PROGRAM. 
Section 131 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2037) is repealed. 
SEC. 146. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR KC– 46A AIRCRAFT PENDING SUBMITTAL OF CERTIFICATION. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees certification that, as of the date of the certification— (1) the supplemental type certification and the military type certification for the KC–46A aircraft have been approved; and (2) the Air Force has accepted the delivery of the first KC–46A aircraft. (b) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.— (1) LIMITATION .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for fiscal year 2019 for Aircraft Procurement, Air Force, may be obligated or expended to procure the covered aircraft until the Secretary of the Air Force submits the certification required under subsection (a). (2) COVERED AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘covered aircraft’’ means three of the KC–46A aircraft authorized to be procured by this Act. 
SEC. 147. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF E–8 JSTARS AIRCRAFT. 
FORRETIREMENT .—Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 or any subsequent fiscal year for the Air Force may be obligated or expended to retire, or prepare to retire, any E– 8 Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System aircraft until the date on which the Secretary of the Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that Increment 2 of the Advanced BattleManagement System of the Air Force has declared initial operational capability as defined in the Capability Development Document for the System. (b) EXCEPTION .—The limitation in subsection (a) shall not apply to individual E–8C Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System aircraft that the Secretary of the Air Force determines, on a casebycase basis, to be no longer mission capable because of mishaps, other damage, or being uneconomical to repair. (c) CERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, on a nondelegable basis, shall certify to the congressional defense committees that— (1) the Secretary of the Air Force is taking all reasonable steps to ensure the legacy E–8C Joint Surveillance Target Radar System aircraft that the Air Force continues to operate meet all safety requirements; (2) the Secretary of the Air Force has developed and implemented a funding strategy to increase the operational and maintenance availability of the legacy E–8C Joint Surveillance Target Radar System aircraft that the Air Force continues to operate; (3) the Advanced BattleManagement System Increment 1, 2, and 3 acquisition and fielding strategy is executable and that sufficient funds will be available to achieve all elements of the System as described in the Capability Development Document for the System; and (4) in coordination with each separate geographic combatant commander, that the Secretary of the Air Force is implementing defined and measurable actions to meet the operational planning and steadystate force presentation requirements for GroundMoving Target Indicator intelligence and BattleManagement, Command and Control towards a moderate level of risk until Increment 2 of the Advanced BattleManagement System declares initial operational capability. (d) GAO REPORT AND BRIEFING .— (1) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on Increment I, Increment 2, and Increment 3 of the 21st Century Advanced Battle Management System of Systems capability of the Air Force. The report shall include a review of— (A) the technologies that compose the capability and the level of maturation of such technologies; (B) the resources budgeted for the capability; (C) the fielding plan for the capability; (D) any risk assessments associated with the capability; and (E) the overall acquisition strategy for the capability. (2) INTERIM BRIEFING .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Comptroller General of the United States shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing on the topics to be covered by the report under paragraph (1), including any preliminary data and any issues or concerns of the Comptroller General relating to the report. (e) AIRFORCE REPORT .—Not later than February 5, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the legacy fleet of E–8C Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System aircraft that includes— (1) the modernization and sustainment strategy, and associated costs, for the airframe and mission systems that will be used to maintain the legacy fleet of such aircraft until the planned retirement of the aircraft; and (2) a plan that will provide combatant commanders with an increased level of E–8C force support. (f) E–8C FORCE PRESENTATION REQUIRE MENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Beginning not later than October 1, 2020, and until the retirement of the E– 8C aircraft fleet, the Secretary of the Air Force shall provide not fewer than 6 dedicated E–8C aircraft each fiscal year for allocation to the geographical combatant commanders through the Intelligence, Surveillance, and Reconnaissance Global Force Management Allocation Process. (2) EXCEPTION .—If the Secretary of the Air Force is unable to meet the requirements of paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense, on a nondelegable basis, may waive the requirements for a fiscal year and shall provide to the congressional defense committees a notice of waiver issuance and justification. (g) AIRFORCE BRIEFING REQUIREMENT .—Be ginning not later than October 1, 2018, and on a quarterly basis thereafter, the Secretary of the Air Force shall provide to the congressional defense committees a program update briefing on the Advanced BattleManagement System of the Air Force, and all associated technologies. 
SEC. 148. REPORT ON MODERNIZATION OF B–52H AIRCRAFT SYSTEMS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the long term modernization of the B–52H aircraft. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an estimated timeline for the modernization of the B–52H aircraft; and (2) modernization requirements with respect to the integrated systems of the aircraft, including— (A) electronic warfare and defensive systems; (B) communications, including secure jam resistant capability; (C) radar replacement; (D) engine replacement; (E) future weapons and targeting capability; and (F) mission planning systems. Subtitle E—Defensewide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters 
(a) P ROCUREMENT AUTHORITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In addition to the icebreaker vessel authorized to be procured under section 122(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating may enter into one or more contracts for the procurement of up to five additional polarclass icebreaker vessels. (2) CONDITION FOR OUT YEAR CONTRACT PAY MENTS .—A contract entered into under paragraph (1) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations or funds for that purpose for such later fiscal year. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Coast Guard should maintain an inventory of not fewer than six polarclass icebreaker vessels beginning not later than fiscal year 2029 and, to achieve such inventory, should— (1) award a contract for the first new polar class icebreaker not later than fiscal year 2019; (2) deliver the first new polarclass icebreaker not later than fiscal year 2023; (3) start construction on the second through sixth new polarclass icebreakers at a rate of one vessel per year in fiscal years 2022 through 2026; and (4) accept delivery of the second through sixth new polarclass icebreakers at a rate of one vessel per year in fiscal years 2025 through 2029. 
Subject to section 2308 of title 10, United States Code, using funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for the procurement of F– 35 aircraft, the Secretary of Defense may procure a quantity of F–35 aircraft in excess of the quantity authorized by this Act if such additional procurement does not require additional funds to be authorized to be appropriated because of production efficiencies or other cost reductions. 
SEC. 153. CERTIFICATION ON INCLUSION OF TECHNOLOGY TO MINIMIZE PHYSIOLOGICAL EPISODES IN CERTAIN AIRCRAFT. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—Not later than 15 days before entering into a contract for the procurement of a covered aircraft, the Secretary concerned shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written statement certifying that the aircraft to be procured under the contract will include the most recent technological advancements necessary to minimize the impact of physiological episodes on aircraft crewmembers. (b) WAIVER .—The Secretary concerned may waive the requirement of subsection (a) if the Secretary— (1) determines the waiver is required in the interest of national security; and (2) not later than 15 days before entering into a contract for the procurement of a covered aircraft, notifies the congressional defense committees of the rationale for the waiver. (c) TERMINATION .—The requirement to submit a certification under subsection (a) shall terminate on September 30, 2021. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘covered aircraft’’ means a fighter aircraft, an attack aircraft, or a fixed wing trainer aircraft. (2) The term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ means— (A) the Secretary of the Navy, with respect to covered aircraft of Navy; and (B) the Secretary of the Air Force, with respect to covered aircraft of the Air Force. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF GAO R ECOMMENDA TIONS .—In accordance with the recommendations of the Government Accountability Office in the report titled ‘‘Armored Commercial Vehicles: DOD Has Procurement Guidance, but Army Could Take Actions to Enhance Inspections and Oversight’’ (GAO17513), not later 
than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Army shall— (1) ensure that inprogress inspections are conducted at the armoring vendor’s facility for each procurement of an armored commercial passengercarrying vehicles until the date on which the Secretary of Defense approves and implements an updated armoring and inspection standard for such vehicles; and (2) designate a central point of contact for collecting and reporting information on armored commercial passengercarrying vehicles (such as information on contracts execution and vehicle inspections). (b) BRIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the progress of the Secretary in implementing Department of Defense Instruction O–2000.16 Volume 1, dated November 2016, with respect to armored commercial passengercarrying vehicles, including— (1) whether criteria for the procurement of such vehicles have been established and distributed to the relevant components of the Department; and (2) whether a process is in place for ensuring that the relevant components of the Department incorporate those criteria into contracts for such vehicles. 
SEC. 155. QUARTERLY UPDATES ON THE F–35 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Beginning not later than October 1, 2018, and on a quarterly basis thereafter through October 1, 2022, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the progress of the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program. (b) ELEMENTS .—Each briefing under subsection (a) shall include, with respect to the F– 35 Joint Strike Fighter program, the following elements: (1) An overview of the program schedule. (2) A description of each contract awarded under the program, including a description of the type of contract and the status of the contract. (3) An assessment of the status of the program with respect to— (A) modernization; (B) modification; (C) testing; (D) delivery; (E) sustainment; (F) program management; and (G) efforts to ensure that excessive sustainment costs do not threaten the ability of the Department of Defense to purchase the required number of aircraft. TITLE II—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 201. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 211. Modification of authority to carry out certain prototype projects. Sec. 212. Extension of directed energy prototype authority. Sec. 213. Prohibition on availability of funds for the Weather Common Component program. Sec. 214. Limitation on availability of funds for F–35 continuous capability development and delivery. Sec. 215. Limitation on availability of funds pending report on agile software development and software operations. Sec. 216. Limitation on availability of funds for certain high energy laser advanced technology. Sec. 217. Plan for the Strategic Capabilities Office of the Department of Defense. Sec. 218. National Defense Science and Technology Strategy. Sec. 219. Modification of CVN–73 to support fielding of MQ–25 unmanned aerial vehicle. Sec. 220. Establishment of innovators information repository in the Department of Defense. Sec. 221. Strategic plan for Department of Defense test and evaluation resources. Sec. 222. Collaboration between Defense laboratories, industry, and academia; open campus program. Sec. 223. Permanent extension and codification of authority to conduct technology protection features activities during research and development of defense systems. Sec. 224. Codification and reauthorization of Defense Research and Development Rapid Innovation Program. Sec. 225. Procedures for rapid reaction to emerging technology. Sec. 226. Activities on identification and development of enhanced personal protective equipment against blast injury. Sec. 227. Human factors modeling and simulation activities. Sec. 228. Expansion of mission areas supported by mechanisms for expedited access to technical talent and expertise at academic institutions. Sec. 229. Advanced manufacturing activities. Sec. 230. National security innovation activities. Sec. 231. Partnership intermediaries for promotion of defense research and education. Sec. 232. Limitation on use of funds for Surface Navy Laser Weapon System. Sec. 233. Expansion of coordination requirement for support for national security innovation and entrepreneurial education. Sec. 234. Defense quantum information science and technology research and development program. Sec. 235. Joint directed energy test activities. Sec. 236. Requirement for establishment of arrangements for expedited access to technical talent and expertise at academic institutions to support Department of Defense missions. Sec. 237. Authority for Joint Directed Energy Transition Office to conduct research relating to high powered microwave capabilities. Sec. 238. Joint artificial intelligence research, development, and transition activities. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 241. Report on survivability of air defense artillery. Sec. 242. T–45 aircraft physiological episode mitigation actions. Sec. 243. Report on efforts of the Air Force to mitigate physiological episodes affecting aircraft crewmembers. Sec. 244. Report on Defense Innovation Unit Experimental. Sec. 245. Modification of funding criteria under Historically Black Colleges and Universities and minority institutions program. Sec. 246. Report on OA–X light attack aircraft applicability to partner nation support. Sec. 247. Reports on comparative capabilities of adversaries in key technology areas. Sec. 248. Report on active protection systems for armored combat and tactical vehicles. Sec. 249. Next Generation Combat Vehicle. Sec. 250. Modification of reports on mechanisms to provide funds to defense laboratories for research and development of technologies for military missions. Sec. 251. Briefings on Mobile Protected Firepower and Future Vertical Lift programs. Sec. 252. Improvement of the Air Force supply chain. Sec. 253. Review of guidance on blast exposure during training. Sec. 254. Competitive acquisition strategy for Bradley Fighting Vehicle transmission replacement. Sec. 255. Independent assessment of electronic warfare plans and programs. Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations SEC. 201. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4201. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations 
SEC. 211. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN PROTOTYPE PROJECTS. 
Section 2371b of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), in the matter before clause (i), by striking ‘‘(for a prototype project)’’ and inserting ‘‘for a prototype project, and any followon production contract or transaction that is awarded pursuant to subsection (f),’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) in the matter before clause (i), by striking ‘‘(for a prototype project)’’ and inserting ‘‘for a prototype project, and any followon production contract or transaction that is awarded pursuant to subsection (f),’’; and (ii) in clause (i), in the matter before subclause (I), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering or the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretaries of Defense’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting ‘‘the prototype’’ after ‘‘carry out’’; and (3) in subsection (f)— (A) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (5); and (B) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) A followon production contract or transaction may be awarded, pursuant to this subsection, when the Department determines that an individual prototype or prototype subproject as part of a consortium is successfully completed by the participants. ‘‘(4) Award of a followon production contract or transaction pursuant to the terms under this subsection is not contingent upon the successful completion of all activities within a consortium as a condition for an award for followon production of a successfully completed prototype or prototype subproject within that consortium.’’. 
Section 219(c)(4) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Except as provided in subparagraph (B)’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subparagraph (C)’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C); (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: 
‘‘(B) Except as provided in subparagraph (C) and subject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose, of the funds authorized to be appropriated by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for research, development, test, and evaluation, defensewide, up to $100,000,000 may be available to the Under Secretary to allocate to the military departments, the defense agencies, and the combatant commands to carry out the program established under paragraph (1).’’; and (4) in subparagraph (C), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘made available under subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘made available under subparagraph (A) or subparagraph (B)’’. 
SEC. 213. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR THE WEATHER COMMON COMPONENT PROGRAM. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for weather service (PE 0305111F, Project 672738) for product development, test and evaluation, and management services associated with the Weather Common Component program may be obligated or expended. (b) REPORT REQUIRED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Air force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on technologies and capabilities that— (A) provide realtime or near realtime meteorological situational awareness data through the use of sensors installed on manned and unmanned aircraft; and (B) were developed primarily using funds of the Department of Defense. (2) ELEMENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of all technologies and capabilities described in paragraph (1) that exist as of the date on which the report is submitted; (B) a description of any testing activities that have been completed for such technologies and capabilities, and the results of those testing activities; (C) the total amount of funds used by the Department of Defense for the development of such technologies and capabilities; (D) a list of capability gaps or shortfalls in any major commands of the Air Force relating to the gathering, processing, exploitation, and dissemination of realtime or near realtime meteorological situational awareness data for unmanned systems; (E) an explanation of how such gaps or shortfalls may be remedied to supplement the weather forecasting capabilities of the Air Force and to enhance the efficiency or effectiveness of combat air power; and (F) a plan for fielding existing technologies and capabilities to mitigate such gaps or shortfalls. 
SEC. 214. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR F–35 CONTINUOUS CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT AND DELIVERY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in subsection (b), of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the F–35 continuous capability development and delivery program, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until a period of 15 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a detailed cost estimate and baseline schedule for the program, which shall include any information required for a major defense acquisition program under section 2435 of title 10, United States Code. (b) EXCEPTION .—The limitation in subsection (a) does not apply to any funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the development of the F–35 dual capable aircraft capability. SEC. 215. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS PENDING REPORT ON AGILE SOFTWARE DEVELOPMENT AND SOFTWARE OPERATIONS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the of funds described in subsection (d), not more than 80 percent may be obligated or expended until a period of 30 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force submits the report required under subsection (b). (b) REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force, in consultation with the Director of Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy and the Director of the Defense Digital Service, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes a description of each of the following: (1) How cost estimates in support of modernization and upgrade activities for Air and Space Operations Centers are being conducted and using what methods. (2) The contracting strategy and types of contracts being used to execute Agile Software Development and Software Operations (referred to in this section as ‘‘Agile DevOps’’) activities. (3) How intellectual property ownership issues associated with software applications developed with Agile DevOps processes will be addressed to ensure future sustainment, maintenance, and upgrades to software applications after the applications are fielded. (4) A description of the tools and software applications that have been developed for the Air and Space Operations Centers and the costs and cost categories associated with each. (5) Challenges the Air Force has faced in executing acquisition activities modernizing the Air and Space Operations Centers and how the Air Force plans to address the challenges identified. (6) The Secretary’s strategy for ensuring that software applications developed for Air Operations Centers are transportable and translatable among all the Centers to avoid any duplication of efforts. (c) REVIEW .—Before submitting the report under subsection (b), the Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure that the report is reviewed and approved by the Director of Defense Pricing/Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy. (d) FUNDS DESCRIBED .—The funds described in this subsection are the following: (1) Funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for Air and Space Operations Centers (PE 0207410F, Project 674596). (2) Funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for other procurement, Air Force, for Air and Space Operations Centers. 
SEC. 216. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR CERTAIN HIGH ENERGY LASER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for High Energy Laser Advanced Technology (PE 0603924D8Z), not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a roadmap and detailed assessment of the high energy laser programs of the Department of Defense, which shall include plans for coordination across the Department and transition to programs of record. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The limitation in subsection (a) shall not be construed to apply to any other high energy laser program of the Department of Defense other than the program element specified in such subsection. 
SEC. 217. PLAN FOR THE STRATEGIC CAPABILITIES OFFICE OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan— (1) to eliminate the Strategic Capabilities Office of the Department of Defense by not later than October 1, 2020; (2) to transfer the functions of the Strategic Capabilities Office to another organization or element of the Department by not later than October 1, 2020; or (3) to retain the Strategic Capabilities Office. (b) ELEMENTS .—The plan required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A timeline for the potential elimination, transfer, or retention of some or all of the activities, functions, programs, plans, and resources of the Strategic Capabilities Office. (2) A strategy for mitigating risk to the programs of the Strategic Capabilities Office. (3) A strategy for implementing the lessons learned and best practices of the Strategic Capabilities Office across the organizations and elements of the Department of Defense to promote enterprisewide innovation. (4) An assessment of the transition outcomes, research portfolio, and mission accomplishment in the key functions of the Strategic Capabilities Office described in subsection (c). (5) An assessment of the relationship of the Strategic Capabilities Office with— (A) the acquisition and rapid capabilities programs of the military departments; (B) Department laboratories; (C) the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency; and (D) other research and development activities. (6) Assessment of management and bureaucratic challenges to the effective and efficient execution of the Strategic Capabilities Office missions, especially with respect to contracting and personnel management. (c) KEYFUNCTIONS DESCRIBED .—The key functions described in this subsection are the following: (1) Repurposing existing Government and commercial systems for new technological advantage. (2) Developing novel concepts of operation that are lower cost, more effective, and more responsive to changing threats than traditional concepts of operation. (3) Developing joint systems and concepts of operations to meet emerging threats and military requirements based on partnerships with the military departments and combatant commanders. (4) Developing prototypes and new concepts of operations that can inform the development of requirements and the establishment of acquisition programs. (d) FORM OF PLAN.—The plan required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(a) A NNUAL STRATEGY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than February 4, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a strategy— (A) to articulate the science and technology priorities, goals, and investments of the Department of Defense; and (B) to make recommendations on the future of the defense research and engineering enterprise and its continued success in an era of strategic competition. (2) ELEMENTS .—The strategy required by paragraph (1) shall— (A) be aligned with the National Defense Strategy and Governmentwide strategic science and technology priorities, including the defense budget priorities of the Office of Science and Technology Policy of the President; (B) link the priorities, goals, and outcomes in paragraph (1)(A) with needed critical enablers to specific programs, or broader portfolios, including— (i) personnel and workforce capabilities; 
(ii) facilities for research and test infrastructure; (iii) relationships with academia, the acquisition community, the operational community, and the commercial sector; and (iv) funding, investments, personnel, facilities, and relationships with departments, agencies, or other Federal entities outside the Department of Defense without which defense capabilities would be severely degraded; (C) evaluate the coordination of acquisition priorities, programs, and timelines of the Department with the activities of the defense research and engineering enterprise; and (D) include recommendations for changes in authorities, regulations, policies, or any other relevant areas, that would support the achievement of the goals set forth in the strategy. (3) ANNUAL UPDATES .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall revise and update the strategy required by paragraph (1). (4) ANNUAL REPORTS .—(A) Not later than February 4, 2019, and not less frequently than once each year thereafter through December 31, 2021, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the strategy required by paragraph (1), as may be revised and updated in accordance with paragraph (3). (B) The reports submitted pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (5) BRIEFING .—Not later than 14 days after the date on which the strategy under paragraph (1) is completed, the Secretary shall provide to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a briefing on the implementation of the strategy. (6) DESIGNATION .—The strategy developed under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘‘National Defense Science and Technology Strategy’’. (b) ASSESSMENT AND RECOMMENDATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than February 4, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report with an assessment and recommendations on the future of major elements of the defense research and engineering enterprise, evaluating warfighting contributions, portfolio management and coordination, workforce management including special hiring authorities, facilities and test infrastructure, relationships with private sector and interagency partners, and governance, including a comparison with the enterprises of other countries and the private sector. (2) MAJOR ELEMENTS OF THE DEFENSE RE SEARCH AND ENGINEERING ENTERPRISE .—The major elements of the defense research and engineering enterprise referred to in paragraph (1) include the following: (A) The science and technology elements of the military departments. (B) The Department of Defense laboratories. (C) The test ranges and facilities of the Department. (D) The Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA). (E) The Defense Innovation Unit Experimental (DIU(x)). (F) The Strategic Capabilities Office of the Department. (G) The Small Business Innovation Research program of the Department. (H) The Small Business Technology Transfer program of the Department. (I) Such other elements, offices, programs, and activities of the Department as the Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of the this section. (3) CONSULTATION AND COMMENTS .—In making recommendations under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with and seek comments from groups and entities relevant to the recommendations, such as the military departments, the combatant commands, the federally funded research and development centers (FFRDCs), commercial partners of the Department (including small business concerns), or any advisory committee established by the Department that the Secretary determines is appropriate based on the duties of the advisory committee and the expertise of its members. (4) FORM OF SUBMISSION .—The report submitted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 219. MODIFICATION OF CVN–73 TO SUPPORT FIELDING OF MQ–25 UNMANNED AERIAL VEHICLE. 
The Secretary of the Navy shall— (1) modify the compartments and infrastructure of the aircraft carrier designated CVN–73 to support the fielding of the MQ–25 unmanned aerial vehicle before the date on which the refueling and complex overhaul of the aircraft carrier is completed; and (2) ensure such modification is sufficient to complete the full installation of MQ–25 in no more than a single maintenance period after such overhaul. 
SEC. 220. ESTABLISHMENT OF INNOVATORS INFORMATION REPOSITORY IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Defense Technical Information Center, establish an innovators information repository within the Department of Defense in accordance with this section. (b) MAINTENANCE OF INFORMATION REPOSI TORY .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall maintain the information repository and ensure that it is periodically updated. (c) ELEMENTS OF INFORMATION REPOSITORY .— The information repository established under subsection (a) shall— (1) be coordinated across the Department of Defense enterprise to focus on small business innovators that are small, independent United States businesses, including those participating in the Small Business Innovation Research program or the Small Business Technology Transfer program; (2) include appropriate information about each participant, including a description of— (A) the need or requirement applicable to the participant; (B) the participant’s technology with appropriate technical detail and appropriate protections of proprietary information or data; (C) any prior business of the participant with the Department; and (D) whether the participant’s technology was incorporated into a program of record; and (3) incorporate the appropriate classification due to compilation of information. (d) USE OF INFORMATION REPOSITORY .—After the information repository is established under subsection (a), the Secretary shall encourage use of the information repository by Department organizations involved in technology development and protection, including program offices, before initiating a Request for Information or a Request for Proposal to determine whether an organic technology exists or is being developed currently by a an entity supported by the Department (which may include a company, academic consortium, or other entity). 
SEC. 221. STRATEGIC PLAN FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TEST AND EVALUATION RESOURCES. 
Section 196(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) Not less often than once every two fiscal years, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in coordination with the Director of the Department of Defense Test Resources Management Center, the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, the Secretaries of the military departments, and the heads of Defense Agencies with test and evaluation responsibilities, shall complete a strategic plan reflecting the future needs of the Department of Defense with respect to test and evaluation facilities and resources. Each strategic plan shall cover the period of thirty fiscal years beginning with the fiscal year in which the plan is submitted under paragraph (3). The strategic plan shall be based on a comprehensive review of both funded and unfunded test and evaluation requirements of the Department, future threats to national security, and the adequacy of the test and evaluation facilities and resources of the Department to meet those future requirements and threats.’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking ‘‘needed to meet such requirements’’ and inserting ‘‘needed to meet current and future requirements based on current and emerging threats’’. SEC. 222. COLLABORATION BETWEEN DEFENSE LABORATORIES, INDUSTRY, AND ACADEMIA; OPEN CAMPUS PROGRAM. 
(a) C OLLABORATION .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out activities to prioritize innovative collaboration between Department of Defense science and technology reinvention laboratories, industry, and academia. (b) OPENCAMPUS PROGRAM .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary, acting through the Commander of the Air Force Research Laboratory, the Commander of the Army Research, Development and Engineering Command, and the Chief of Naval Research, or such other officials of the Department as the Secretary considers appropriate, may develop and implement an open campus program for the Department science and technology reinvention laboratories which shall be modeled after the open campus program of the Army Research Laboratory. 
SEC. 223. PERMANENT EXTENSION AND CODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CONDUCT TECHNOLOGY PROTECTION FEATURES ACTIVITIES DURING RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF DEFENSE SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting before section 2358 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2357. Technology protection features activities ‘‘(a) ACTIVITIES .—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out activities to develop and incorporate technology protection features in a designated system during the research and development phase of such system. ‘‘(b) COSTSHARING .—Any contract for the design or development of a system resulting from activities under subsection (a) for the purpose of enhancing or enabling the exportability of the system, either for the development of program protection strategies for the system or the design and incorporation of exportability features into the system, shall include a costsharing provision that requires the contractor to bear half of the cost of such activities, or such other portion of such cost as the Secretary considers appropriate upon showing of good cause. ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘designated system’ means any system (including a major system, as defined in section 2302(5) of title 10, United States Code) that the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment designates for purposes of this section. ‘‘(2) The term ‘technology protection features’ means the technical modifications necessary to protect critical program information, including antitamper technologies and other systems engineering activities intended to prevent or delay exploitation of critical technologies in a designated system.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 2358 the following new item: ‘‘2357. Technology protection features activities.’’. 
(c) C ONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 243 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 224. CODIFICATION AND REAUTHORIZATION OF DEFENSE RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT RAPID INNOVATION PROGRAM. 
(a) C ODIFICATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 139 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2359 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2359a. Defense Research and Development Rapid Innovation Program ‘‘(a) PROGRAM ESTABLISHED .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall establish a competitive, meritbased program to accelerate the fielding of technologies developed pursuant to phase II Small Business Innovation Research Program projects, technologies developed by the defense laboratories, and other innovative technologies (including dual use technologies). ‘‘(2) The purpose of this program is to stimulate innovative technologies and reduce acquisition or lifecycle costs, address technical risks, improve the timeliness and thoroughness of test and evaluation outcomes, and rapidly insert such products directly in support of primarily major defense acquisition programs, but also other defense acquisition programs that meet critical national security needs. ‘‘(b) GUIDELINES .—The Secretary shall issue guidelines for the operation of the program. At a minimum such guidance shall provide for the following: ‘‘(1) The issuance of one or more broad agency announcements or the use of any other competitive or meritbased processes by the Department of Defense for candidate proposals in support of defense acquisition programs as described in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) The review of candidate proposals by the Department of Defense and by each military department and the meritbased selection of the most promising costeffective proposals for funding through contracts, cooperative agreements, and other transactions for the purposes of carrying out the program. ‘‘(3) The total amount of funding provided to any project under the program from funding provided under subsection (d) shall not exceed $3,000,000, unless the Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, approves a larger amount of funding for the project. ‘‘(4) No project shall receive more than a total of two years of funding under the program from funding provided under subsection (d), unless the Secretary, or the Secretary’s designee, approves funding for any additional year. ‘‘(5) Mechanisms to facilitate transition of followon or current projects carried out under the program into defense acquisition programs, through the use of the authorities of section 2302e of this title or such other authorities as may be appropriate to conduct further testing, low rate production, or full rate production of technologies developed under the program. ‘‘(6) Projects are selected using meritbased selection procedures and the selection of projects is not subject to undue influence by Congress or other Federal agencies. ‘‘(c) TREATMENT PURSUANT TO CERTAIN CONGRESSIONAL RULES.—Nothing in this section shall be interpreted to require or enable any official of the Department of Defense to provide funding under this section to any earmark as defined pursuant to House Rule XXI, clause 9, or any congressionally directed spending item as defined pursuant to Senate Rule XLIV, paragraph 5. ‘‘(d) FUNDING .—Subject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose, the amounts authorized to be appropriated for research, development, test, and evaluation for a fiscal year may be used for such fiscal year for the program established under subsection (a). ‘‘(e) TRANSFER AUTHORITY .—(1) The Secretary may transfer funds available for the program to the research, development, test, and evaluation accounts of a military department, defense agency, or the unified combatant command for special operations forces pursuant to a proposal, or any part of a proposal, that the Secretary determines would directly support the purposes of the program. ‘‘(2) The transfer authority provided in this subsection is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 139 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2359 the following new item: ‘‘2359a. Defense Research and Development Rapid Innovation Program.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) REPEAL OF OLD PROVISION .—Section 1073 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111– 383; 10 U.S.C. 2359 note) is hereby repealed. (2) REPEAL OF OLD TABLE OF CONTENTS  
ITEM.—The table of contents in section 2(b) of such Act is amended by striking the item relating to section 1073. 
SEC. 225. PROCEDURES FOR RAPID REACTION TO EMERGING TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) R EQUIREMENT TO ESTABLISH PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall prescribe procedures for the designation and development of technologies that are— (1) urgently needed— (A) to react to a technological development of an adversary of the United States; or (B) to respond to a significant and urgent emerging technology; and (2) not receiving appropriate research funding or attention from the Department of Defense. (b) ELEMENTS .—The procedures prescribed under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A process for streamlined communications between the Under Secretary, the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the commanders of the combatant commands, the science and technology executives within each military department, and the science and technology community, including— (A) a process for the commanders of the combatant commands and the Joint Chiefs of Staff to communicate their needs to the science and technology community; and (B) a process for the science and technology community to propose technologies that meet the needs communicated by the combatant commands and the Joint Chiefs of Staff. (2) Procedures for the development of technologies proposed pursuant to paragraph (1)(B), including— (A) a process for demonstrating performance of the proposed technologies on a short timeline; (B) a process for developing a development strategy for a technology, including integration into future budget years; and (C) a process for making investment determinations based on information obtained pursuant to subparagraphs (A) and (B). (c) BRIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the procedures required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 226. ACTIVITIES ON IDENTIFICATION AND DEVELOPMENT OF ENHANCED PERSONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT AGAINST BLAST INJURY. 
(a) A CTIVITIES REQUIRED .—During calendar year 2019, the Secretary of the Army shall, in consultation with the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, carry out a set of activities to identify and develop personal equipment to provide enhanced protection against injuries caused by blasts in combat and training. (b) ACTIVITIES .— (1) CONTINUOUS EVALUATION PROCESS .—For purposes of the activities required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall establish a process to continuously solicit from government, industry, academia, and other appropriate entities personal protective equipment that is ready for testing and evaluation in order to identify and evaluate equipment or clothing that is more effective in protecting members of the Armed Forces from the harmful effects of blast injuries, including traumatic brain injuries, and would be suitable for expedited procurement and fielding. (2) GOALS.—The goals of the activities shall include: (A) Development of streamlined requirements for procurement of personal protective equipment. (B) Appropriate testing of personal protective equipment prior to procurement and fielding. (C) Development of expedited mechanisms for deployment of effective personal protective equipment. (D) Identification of areas of research in which increased investment has the potential to improve the quality of personal protective equipment and the capability of the industrial base to produce such equipment. (E) Such other goals as the Secretary considers appropriate. (3) PARTNERSHIPS FOR CERTAIN ASSESS MENTS .—As part of the activities, the Secretary should continue to establish partnerships with appropriate academic institutions for purposes of assessing the following: (A) The ability of various forms of personal protective equipment to protect against common blast injuries, including traumatic brain injuries. (B) The value of realtime data analytics to track the effectiveness of various forms of personal protective equipment to protect against common blast injuries, including traumatic brain injuries. (C) The availability of commercialoff the shelf personal protective technology to protect against traumatic brain injury resulting from blasts. (D) The extent to which the equipment determined through the assessment to be most effective to protect against common blast injuries is readily modifiable for different body types and to provide lightweight material options to enhance maneuverability. (c) AUTHORITIES .—In carrying out activities under subsection (a), the Secretary may use any authority as follows: (1) Experimental procurement authority under section 2373 of title 10, United States Code. (2) Other transactions authority under section 2371 and 2371b of title 10, United States Code. (3) Authority to award technology prizes under section 2374a of title 10, United States Code. (4) Authority under the Defense Acquisition Challenge Program under section 2359b of title 10, United States Code. (5) Any other authority on acquisition, technology transfer, and personnel management that the Secretary considers appropriate. (d) CERTAIN TREATMENT OF ACTIVITIES .—Any activities under this section shall be deemed to have been through the use of competitive procedures for the purposes of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code. (e) ONGOING ASSESSMENT FOLLOWING ACTIVI TIES.—After the completion of activities under subsection (a), the Secretary shall, on an on going basis, do the following: (1) Evaluate the extent to which personal protective equipment identified through the activities would— (A) enhance survivability of personnel from blasts in combat and training; and (B) enhance prevention of brain damage, and reduction of any resultant chronic brain dysfunction, from blasts in combat and training. (2) In the case of personal protective equipment so identified that would provide enhancements as described in paragraph (1), estimate 
the costs that would be incurred to procure such enhanced personal protective equipment, and develop a schedule for the procurement of such equipment. (3) Estimate the potential health care cost savings that would occur from expanded use of personal protective equipment described in paragraph (2). (f) REPORT .—Not later than December 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report on the activities under subsection (a) as of the date of the report. (g) FUNDING .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by this Act for research, development, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding tables in division D, $10,000,000 may be used to carry out this section. 
(a) A CTIVITIES REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop and provide for the carrying out of human factors modeling and simulation activities designed to do the following: (1) Provide warfighters and civilians with personalized assessment, education, and training tools. (2) Identify and implement effective ways to interface and team warfighters with machines. (3) Result in the use of intelligent, adaptive augmentation to enhance decision making. (4) Result in the development of techniques, technologies, and practices to mitigate critical stressors that impede warfighter and civilian protection, sustainment, and performance. (b) PURPOSE .—The overall purpose of the activities shall be to accelerate research and development that enhances capabilities for human performance, humansystems integration, and training for the warfighter. (c) PARTICIPANTS IN ACTIVITIES .—Participants in the activities may include the following: (1) Elements of the Department of Defense engaged in science and technology activities. (2) Program Executive Offices of the Department. (3) Academia. (4) The private sector. (5) Such other participants as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
SEC. 228. EXPANSION OF MISSION AREAS SUPPORTED BY MECHANISMS FOR EXPEDITED ACCESS TO TECHNICAL TALENT AND EXPERTISE AT ACADEMIC INSTITUTIONS. 
Section 217(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (23) as paragraph (27); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (22) the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(23) Space. ‘‘(24) Infrastructure resilience. ‘‘(25) Photonics. ‘‘(26) Autonomy.’’. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall jointly, in coordination with Secretaries of the military departments, establish at least one activity per military service to demonstrate advanced manufacturing techniques and capabilities at depotlevel activities or military arsenal facilities of the military departments. (b) PURPOSES .—The activities established pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) support efforts to implement advanced manufacturing techniques and capabilities; (2) identify improvements to sustainment methods for component parts and other logistics needs; (3) identify and implement appropriate information security protections to ensure security of advanced manufacturing; (4) aid in the procurement of advanced manufacturing equipment and support services; (5) enhance partnerships between the defense industrial base and Department of Defense laboratories, academic institutions, and industry; and (6) to the degree practicable, include an educational or training component to build an advanced manufacturing workforce. (c) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS AND PARTNER SHIPS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Under Secretaries may enter into a cooperative agreement and use publicprivate and publicpublic partnerships to facilitate development of advanced manufacturing techniques in support of the defense industrial base. (2) REQUIREMENTS .—A cooperative agreement entered into under paragraph (1) and a partnership used under such paragraph shall facilitate— (A) development and implementation of advanced manufacturing techniques and capabilities; (B) appropriate sharing of information in the adaptation of advanced manufacturing, including technical data rights; (C) implementation of appropriate information security protections into advanced manufacturing tools and techniques; and (D) support of necessary workforce development. (d) AUTHORITIES .—In carrying out this section, the Under Secretaries may use the following authorities: (1) Section 2196 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the Manufacturing Engineering Education Program. (2) Section 2368 of such title, relating to centers for science, technology, and engineering partnership. (3) Section 2374a of such title, relating to prizes for advanced technology achievements. (4) Section 2474 of such title, relating to centers of industrial and technical excellence. (5) Section 2521 of such title, relating to the Manufacturing Technology Program. (6) Section 12 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) and section 6305 of title 31, United States Code, relating to cooperative research and development agreements. (7) Such other authorities as the Under Secretaries considers appropriate. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall establish activities to develop interaction between the Department of Defense and the commercial technology industry and academia with regard to emerging hardware products and technologies with national security applications. (b) ELEMENTS .—The activities required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Informing and encouraging private investment in specific hardware technologies of interest to future defense technology needs with unique national security applications. (2) Funding research and technology development in hardwareintensive capabilities that private industry has not sufficiently supported to meet rapidly emerging defense and national security needs. (3) Contributing to the development of policies, policy implementation, and actions to deter strategic acquisition of industrial and technical capabilities in the private sector by foreign entities that could potentially exclude companies from participating in the Department of Defense technology and industrial base. (4) Identifying promising emerging technology in industry and academia for the Department of Defense for potential support or research and development cooperation. (c) TRANSFER OF PERSONNEL AND RESOURCES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Under Secretary may transfer such personnel, resources, and authorities that are under the control of the Under Secretary as the Under Secretary considers appropriate to carry out the activities established under subsection (a) from other elements of the Department under the control of the Under Secretary or upon approval of the Secretary of Defense. (2) CERTIFICATION .—The Under Secretary may only make a transfer of personnel, resources, or authorities under paragraph (1) upon certification by the Under Secretary that the activities established under paragraph (a) can attract sufficient private sector investment, has personnel with sufficient technical and management expertise, and has identified relevant technologies and systems for potential investment in order to carry out the activities established under subsection (a), independent of further government funding beyond this authorization. (d) ESTABLISHMENT OF NONPROFIT ENTITY .— The Under Secretary may establish or fund a nonprofit entity to carry out the program activities under subsection (a). (e) PLAN.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a detailed plan to carry out this section. (2) ELEMENTS .—The plan required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the additional authorities needed to carry out the activities set forth in subsection (b). (B) Plans for transfers under subsection (c), including plans for private fundmatching and investment mechanisms, oversight, treatment of rights relating to technical data developed, and relevant dates and goals of such transfers. (C) Plans for attracting the participation of the commercial technology industry and academia and how those plans fit into the current Department of Defense research and engineering enterprise. (f) AUTHORITIES .—In carrying out this section, the Under Secretary may use the following authorities: (1) Section 1711 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), relating to a pilot program on strengthening manufacturing in the defense industrial base. (2) Section 1599g of title 10 of the United States Code, relating to publicprivate talent exchanges. (3) Section 2368 of such title, relating to Centers for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnerships. (4) Section 2374a of such title, relating to prizes for advanced technology achievements. (5) Section 2474 of such title, relating to Centers of Industrial and Technical Excellence. (6) Section 2521 of such title, relating to the Manufacturing Technology Program. (7) Subchapter VI of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, relating to assignments to and from States. (8) Chapter 47 of such title, relating to personnel research programs and demonstration projects. (9) Section 12 of the StevensonWydler Technology Innovation Act of 1980 (15 U.S.C. 3710a) and section 6305 of title 31, United States Code, relating to cooperative research and development agreements. (10) Such other authorities as the Under Secretary considers appropriate. (g) NOTICE REQUIRED .—Not later than 15 days before the date on which the Under Secretary first exercises the authority granted under subsection (d) and not later than 15 days before the date on which the Under Secretary first obligates or expends any amount authorized under subsection (h), the Under Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees of such exercise, obligation, or expenditure, as the case may be. (h) FUNDING .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense by section 201 and subject to 
the availability of appropriations, up to $75,000,000 may be available to carry out this section. 
SEC. 231. PARTNERSHIP INTERMEDIARIES FOR PROMOTION OF DEFENSE RESEARCH AND EDUCATION. 
Section 2368 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) USE OF PARTNERSHIP INTERMEDIARIES TO  PROMOTE DEFENSE RESEARCH AND EDUCATION .— (1) Subject to the approval of the Secretary or the head of the another department or agency of the Federal Government concerned, the Director of a Center may enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding or other transition with a partnership intermediary that provides for the partnership intermediary to perform services for the Department of Defense that increase the likelihood of success in the conduct of cooperative or joint activities of the Center with industry or academic institutions. ‘‘(2) In this subsection, the term ‘partnership intermediary’ means an agency of a State or local government, or a nonprofit entity owned in whole or in part by, chartered by, funded in whole or in part by, or operated in whole or in part by or on behalf of a State or local government, that assists, counsels, advises, evaluates, or otherwise cooperates with industry or academic institutions that need or can make demonstrably productive use of technologyrelated assistance from a Center.’’. 
SEC. 232. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR SURFACE NAVY LASER WEAPON SYSTEM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to exceed, in fiscal year 2019, a procurement quantity of one Surface Navy Laser Weapon System, also known as the High Energy Laser and Integrated Optical dazzler with Surveillance (HELIOS), unless the Secretary of the Navy submits to the congressional defense committees a report on such system with the elements set forth in subsection (b). (b) ELEMENTS .—The elements set forth in this subsection are, with respect to the system described in subsection (a), the following: (1) A document setting forth the requirements for the system, including desired performance characteristics. (2) An acquisition plan that includes the following: (A) A program schedule to accomplish design completion, technology maturation, risk reduction, and other activities, including dates of key design reviews (such as Preliminary Design Review and Critical Design Review) and program initiation decision (such as Milestone B) if applicable. (B) A contracting strategy, including requests for proposals, the extent to which contracts will be competitively awarded, option years, option quantities, option prices, and ceiling prices. (C) The fiscal years of procurement and delivery for each engineering development model, prototype, or similar unit planned to be acquired. (D) A justification for the fiscal years of procurement and delivery for each engineering development model, prototype, or similar unit planned to be acquired. (3) A test plan and schedule sufficient to achieve operational effectiveness and operational suitability determinations (such as Early Operational Capability and Initial Operational Capability) related to the requirements set forth in paragraph (1). (4) Associated funding and item quantities, disaggregated by fiscal year and appropriation, requested in the Fiscal Year 2019 Future Years Defense Program. (5) An estimate of the acquisition costs, including the total costs for procurement, research, development, test, and evaluation. SEC. 233. EXPANSION OF COORDINATION REQUIREMENT FOR SUPPORT FOR NATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION AND ENTREPRENEURIAL EDUCATION. 
Section 225(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2359 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(16) The National Security Technology Accelerator. ‘‘(17) The ICorps Program.’’. 
SEC. 234. DEFENSE QUANTUM INFORMATION SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a quantum information science and technology research and development program. (b) PURPOSES .—The purposes of the program required by subsection (a) are as follows: (1) To ensure global superiority of the United States in quantum information science necessary for meeting national security requirements. (2) To coordinate all quantum information science and technology research and development within the Department of Defense and to provide for interagency cooperation and collaboration on quantum information science and technology research and development between the Department of Defense and other departments and agencies of the United States and appropriate private sector entities that are involved in quantum information science and technology research and development. (3) To develop and manage a portfolio of fundamental and applied quantum information science and technology and engineering research initiatives that is stable, consistent, and balanced across scientific disciplines. (4) To accelerate the transition and deployment of technologies and concepts derived from quantum information science and technology research and development into the Armed Forces, and to establish policies, procedures, and standards for measuring the success of such efforts. (5) To collect, synthesize, and disseminate critical information on quantum information science and technology research and development. (6) To establish and support appropriate research, innovation, and industrial base, including facilities and infrastructure, to support the needs of Department of Defense missions and systems related to quantum information science and technology. (c) ADMINISTRATION .—In carrying out the program required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall act through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, who shall supervise the planning, management, and coordination of the program. The Under Secretary, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments and the heads of participating Defense Agencies and other departments and agencies of the United States, shall— (1) prescribe a set of longterm challenges and a set of specific technical goals for the program, including— (A) optimization of analysis of national security data sets; (B) development of defense related quantum computing algorithms; (C) design of new materials and molecular functions; (D) secure communications and cryptography, including development of quantum communications protocols; (E) quantum sensing and metrology; (F) development of mathematics relating to quantum enhancements to sensing, communications, and computing; and (G) processing and manufacturing of lowcost, robust, and reliable quantum information science and technologyenabled devices and systems; (2) develop a coordinated and integrated research and investment plan for meeting the near, mid, and longterm challenges with definitive milestones while achieving the specific technical goals that builds upon the Department’s increased investment in quantum information science and technology research and development, commercial sector and global investments, and other United States Government investments in the quantum sciences; (3) not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, develop and continuously update guidance, including classification and data management plans for defenserelated quantum information science and technology activities, and policies for control of personnel participating on such activities to minimize the effects of loss of intellectual property in basic and applied quantum science and information considered sensitive to the leadership of the United States in the field of quantum information science and technology; and (4) develop memoranda of agreement, joint funding agreements, and other cooperative arrangements necessary for meeting the longterm challenges and achieving the specific technical goals. (d) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2020, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the program, in both classified and unclassified format. (2) ELEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the knowledgebase of the Department with respect to quantum sciences, plans to defend against quantum based attacks, and any plans of the Secretary to enhance such knowledgebase. (B) A plan that describes how the Secretary intends to use quantum sciences for military applications and to meet other needs of the Department. (C) An assessment of the efforts of foreign powers to use quantum sciences for military applications and other purposes. (D) A description of activities undertaken consistent with this section, including funding for activities consistent with the section. (E) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. 
(a) T ESTACTIVITIES .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall, in the Under Secretary’s capacity as the official with principal responsibility for the development and demonstration of directed energy weapons for the Department of Defense pursuant to section 219(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note), develop, establish, and coordinate directed energy testing activities adequate to ensure the achievement by the Department of Defense of goals of the Department for developing and deploying directed energy systems to match national security needs. (b) ELEMENTS .—The activity established under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The High Energy Laser System Test Facility of the Army Test and Evaluation Command. (2) Such other test resources and activities as the Under Secretary may designate for purposes of this section. (c) DESIGNATION .—The test activities established under subsection (a) shall be considered part of the Major Range and Test Facility Base (as defined in 196(i) of title 10, United States Code). (d) PRIORITIZATION OF EFFORT .—In devel oping and coordinating testing activities pursuant to subsection (a), the Under Secretary shall prioritize efforts consistent with the following: (1) Paragraphs (2) through (5) of section 219(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 2431 note). (2) Enabling the standardized collection and evaluation of testing data to establish testing references and benchmarks. (3) Concentrating sufficient personnel expertise of directed energy weapon systems in order 
to validate the effectiveness of new weapon systems against a variety of targets. (4) Consolidating modern stateoftheart testing infrastructure including telemetry, sensors, and optics to support advanced technology testing and evaluation. (5) Formulating a joint lethality or vulnerability information repository that can be accessed by any of the military departments of Defense Agencies, similar to a Joint Munitions Effectiveness Manuals (JMEMs). (6) Reducing duplication of directed energy weapon testing. (7) Ensuring that an adequate workforce and adequate testing facilities are maintained to support missions of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 236. REQUIREMENT FOR ESTABLISHMENT OF ARRANGEMENTS FOR EXPEDITED ACCESS TO TECHNICAL TALENT AND EXPERTISE AT ACADEMIC INSTITUTIONS TO SUPPORT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MISSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a)(1) of section 217 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended by striking ‘‘and each secretary of a military department may establish one or more’’ and inserting ‘‘shall, acting through the secretaries of the military departments, establish not fewer than three’’. (b) EXTENSION .—Subsection (f) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’. 
SEC. 237. AUTHORITY FOR JOINT DIRECTED ENERGY TRANSITION OFFICE TO CONDUCT RESEARCH RELATING TO HIGH POWERED MICROWAVE CAPABILITIES. 
Section 219(b)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including highpowered microwaves,’’ after ‘‘energy systems and technologies’’. 
SEC. 238. JOINT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND TRANSITION ACTIVITIES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a set of activities within the Department of Defense to coordinate the efforts of the Department to develop, mature, and transition artificial intelligence technologies into operational use. (2) EMPHASIS .—The set of activities established under paragraph (1) shall apply artificial intelligence and machine learning solutions to operational problems and coordinate activities involving artificial intelligence and artificial intelligence enabled capabilities within the Department. (b) DESIGNATION .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall designate a senior official of the Department with principal responsibility for the coordination of activities relating to the development and demonstration of artificial intelligence and machine learning for the Department. (c) DUTIES .—The duties of the official designated under subsection (b) shall include the following: (1) STRATEGIC PLAN .—Developing a detailed strategic plan to develop, mature, adopt, and transition artificial intelligence technologies into operational use. Such plan shall include the following: (A) A strategic roadmap for the identification and coordination of the development and fielding of artificial intelligence technologies and key enabling capabilities. (B) The continuous evaluation and adaptation of relevant artificial intelligence capabilities developed both inside the Department and in other organizations for military missions and business operations. (2) ACCELERATION OF DEVELOPMENT AND  
FIELDING OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE .—To the degree practicable, the designated official shall— (A) use the flexibility of regulations, personnel, acquisition, partnerships with industry and academia, or other relevant policies of the Department to accelerate the development and fielding of artificial intelligence capabilities; (B) ensure engagement with defense and private industries, research universities, and unaffiliated, nonprofit research institutions; (C) provide technical advice and support to entities in the Department and the military departments to optimize the use of artificial intelligence and machine learning technologies to meet Department missions; (D) support the development of requirements for artificial intelligence capabilities that address the highest priority capability gaps of the Department and technical feasibility; (E) develop and support capabilities for technical analysis and assessment of threat capabilities based on artificial intelligence; (F) ensure that the Department has appropriate workforce and capabilities at laboratories, test ranges, and within the organic defense industrial base to support the artificial intelligence capabilities and requirements of the Department; (G) develop classification guidance for all artificial intelligence related activities of the Department; (H) work with appropriate officials to develop appropriate ethical, legal, and other policies for the Department governing the development and use of artificial intelligence enabled systems and technologies in operational situations; and (I) ensure— (i) that artificial intelligence programs of each military department and of the Defense Agencies are consistent with the priorities identified under this section; and (ii) appropriate coordination of artificial intelligence activities of the Department with interagency, industry, and international efforts relating to artificial intelligence, including relevant participation in standards setting bodies. (3) GOVERNANCE AND OVERSIGHT OF ARTIFICIAL  
INTELLIGENCE AND MACHINE LEARNING POLICY .— Regularly convening appropriate officials across the Department— (A) to integrate the functional activities of the organizations and elements of the Department with respect to artificial intelligence and machine learning; (B) to ensure there are efficient and effective artificial intelligence and machine learning capabilities throughout the Department; and (C) to develop and continuously improve research, innovation, policy, joint processes, and procedures to facilitate the development, acquisition, integration, advancement, oversight, and sustainment of artificial intelligence and machine learning throughout the Department. (d) ACCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that the official designated under subsection (b) has access to such information on programs and activities of the military departments and other Defense Agencies as the Secretary considers appropriate to carry out the coordination described in subsection (b) and the duties set forth in subsection (c). (e) STUDY ON ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE TOPICS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the official designated under subsection (b) shall— (A) complete a study on past and current advances in artificial intelligence and the future of the discipline, including the methods and means necessary to advance the development of the discipline, to comprehensively address the national security needs and requirements of the Department; and (B) submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the designated official with respect to the study completed under subparagraph (A). (2) CONSULTATION WITH EXPERTS .—In con ducting the study required by paragraph (1)(A), the designated official shall consult with experts within the Department, other Federal agencies, academia, any advisory committee established by the Secretary that the Secretary determines appropriate based on the duties of the advisory committee and the expertise of its members, and the commercial sector, as the Secretary considers appropriate. (3) ELEMENTS .—The study required by paragraph (1)(A) shall include the following: (A) A comprehensive and nationallevel review of— (i) advances in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and associated technologies relevant to the needs of the Department and the Armed Forces; and (ii) the competitiveness of the Department in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and such technologies. (B) Nearterm actionable recommendations to the Secretary for the Department to secure and maintain technical advantage in artificial intelligence, including ways— (i) to more effectively organize the Department for artificial intelligence; (ii) to educate, recruit, and retain leading talent; and (iii) to most effectively leverage investments in basic and advanced research and commercial progress in these technologies. (C) Recommendations on the establishment of Departmentwide data standards and the provision of incentives for the sharing of open training data, including those relevant for research into systems that integrate artificial intelligence and machine learning with human teams. (D) Recommendations for engagement by the Department with relevant agencies that will be involved with artificial intelligence in the future. (E) Recommendations for legislative action relating to artificial intelligence, machine learning, and associated technologies, including recommendations to more effectively fund and organize the Department. (f) DELINEATION OF DEFINITION OF ARTIFICIAL  INTELLIGENCE .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall delineate a definition of the term ‘‘artificial intelligence’’ for use within the Department. (g) ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘artificial intelligence’’ includes the following: (1) Any artificial system that performs tasks under varying and unpredictable circumstances without significant human oversight, or that can learn from experience and improve performance when exposed to data sets. (2) An artificial system developed in computer software, physical hardware, or other context that solves tasks requiring humanlike perception, cognition, planning, learning, communication, or physical action. (3) An artificial system designed to think or act like a human, including cognitive architectures and neural networks. (4) A set of techniques, including machine learning, that is designed to approximate a cognitive task. (5) An artificial system designed to act rationally, including an intelligent software agent or embodied robot that achieves goals using perception, planning, reasoning, learning, communicating, decision making, and acting. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 241. REPORT ON SURVIVABILITY OF AIR DEFENSE ARTILLERY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the efforts of the Army to improve the survivability of air defense artillery, with a particular focus on the efforts of the Army to improve passive and active nonkinetic capabilities and training with respect to such artillery. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: 
(1) An analysis of the utility of relevant passive and active nonkinetic integrated air and missile defense capabilities, including tactical mobility, new passive and active sensors, signature reduction, concealment, and deception systems, and electronic warfare and highpowered radio frequency systems. (2) An analysis of the utility of relevant active kinetic capabilities, such as a new, longrange countermaneuvering threat missile and additional indirect fire protection capability units to defend Patriot and Terminal High Altitude Area Defense batteries. (c) FORM OF REPORT .—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
Section 1063(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (131 Stat. 1576; Public Law 115–91) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) A list of all modifications to the T–45 aircraft and associated ground equipment carried out during fiscal years 2017 through 2019 to mitigate the risk of physiological episodes among T–45 crewmembers. ‘‘(6) The results achieved by the modifications listed pursuant to paragraph (5), as determined by relevant testing and operational activities. ‘‘(7) The cost of the modifications listed pursuant to paragraph (5). ‘‘(8) Any plans of the Navy for future modifications to the T–45 aircraft that are intended to mitigate the risk of physiological episodes among T–45 crewmembers.’’. 
SEC. 243. REPORT ON EFFORTS OF THE AIR FORCE TO MITIGATE PHYSIOLOGICAL EPISODES AFFECTING AIRCRAFT CREWMEMBERS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on all efforts of the Air Force to reduce the occurrence of, and mitigate the risk posed by, physiological episodes affecting crewmembers of covered aircraft. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) information on the rate of physiological episodes affecting crewmembers of covered aircraft; (2) a description of the specific actions carried out by the Air Force to address such episodes, including a description of any upgrades or other modifications made to covered aircraft to address such episodes; (3) schedules and cost estimates for any upgrades or modifications identified under paragraph (3); and (4) an explanation of any organizational or other changes to the Air Force carried out to address such physiological episodes. (c) COVERED AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered aircraft’’ means— (1) F–35A aircraft of the Air Force; (2) T–6A aircraft of the Air Force; and (3) any other aircraft of the Air Force as determined by the Secretary of the Air Force. 
Not later than May 1, 2019, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on Defense Innovation Unit Experimental (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Unit’’). Such a report shall include the following: (1) The integration of the Unit into the broader Department of Defense research and engineering community to coordinate and deconflict activities of the Unit with similar activities of the military departments, Defense Agencies, Department of Defense laboratories, the Defense Advanced Research Project Agency, the Small Business Innovation Research Program, and other entities. (2) The metrics used to measure the effectiveness of the Unit and the results of these metrics. (3) The number and types of transitions by the Unit to the military departments or fielded to the warfighter. (4) The impact of the Unit’s initiatives, outreach, and investments on Department of Defense access to technology leaders and technology not otherwise accessible to the Department including— (A) identification of— (i) the number of nontraditional defense contractors with Department of Defense contracts or other transactions resulting directly from the Unit’s initiatives, investments, or outreach; and (ii) the number of traditional defense contractors with contracts or other transactions resulting directly from the Unit’s initiatives; (B) the number of innovations delivered into the hands of the warfighter; and (C) how the Department is notifying its internal components about participation in the Unit. (5) The workforce strategy of the Unit, including whether the Unit has appropriate personnel authorities to attract and retain talent with technical and business expertise. (6) How the Department of Defense is documenting and institutionalizing lessons learned and best practices of the Unit to alleviate the systematic problems with technology access and timely contract or other transaction execution. (7) An assessment of management and bureaucratic challenges to the effective and efficient execution of the Unit’s missions, especially with respect to contracting and personnel management. SEC. 245. MODIFICATION OF FUNDING CRITERIA UNDER HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES AND MINORITY INSTITUTIONS PROGRAM. 
Section 2362(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘PRIORITY ’’ and inserting ‘‘C RITERIA ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘give priority in providing’’ and inserting ‘‘limit’’. 
SEC. 246. REPORT ON OA–X LIGHT ATTACK AIRCRAFT APPLICABILITY TO PARTNER NATION SUPPORT. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the OA–X light attack aircraft experiment and how the program incorporates partner nation requirements. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include a description of— (1) how the OA–X light attack experiment will support partner nations’ lowcost counter terrorism light attack capability; (2) the extent to which the attributes of affordability, interoperability, sustainability, and simplicity of maintenance and operations are included in the requirements for the OA–X; and (3) how Federal Aviation Administration certification and a reasonable path for military type certifications for commercial derivative aircraft are factored into foreign military sales for a partner nation. 
SEC. 247. REPORTS ON COMPARATIVE CAPABILITIES OF ADVERSARIES IN KEY TECHNOLOGY AREAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a set of classified reports that set forth a direct comparison between the capabilities of the United States in emerging technology areas and the capabilities of adversaries of the United States in such areas. (b) ELEMENTS .—The reports required by subsection (a) shall include, for each technology area covered, the following: (1) An evaluation of spending by the United States and adversaries on such technology. (2) An evaluation of the quantity and quality of research on such technology. (3) An evaluation of the test infrastructure and workforce supporting such technology. (4) An assessment of the technological progress of the United States and adversaries on such technology. (5) Descriptions of timelines for operational deployment of such technology. (6) An assessment of the intent or willingness of adversaries to use such technology. (c) TECHNICAL AREAS.—The Secretary shall ensure that the reports submitted under subsection (a) cover the following: (1) Hypersonics. (2) Artificial intelligence. (3) Quantum information science. (4) Directed energy weapons. (5) Such other emerging technical areas as the Secretary considers appropriate. (d) COORDINATION .—The Secretary shall prepare the reports in coordination with other appropriate officials of the intelligence community and with such other partners in the technology areas covered by the reports as the Secretary considers appropriate. (e) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 248. REPORT ON ACTIVE PROTECTION SYSTEMS FOR ARMORED COMBAT AND TACTICAL VEHICLES. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on technologies related to active protection systems (APS) for armored combat and tactical vehicles. (b) CONTENTS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) With respect to the active protection systems that the Army has recently tested on the M1A2 Abrams, the M2A3 Bradley, and the STRYKER, the following: (A) An assessment of the effectiveness of such systems. (B) Plans of the Secretary to further test such systems. (C) Proposals for future development of such systems. (D) A timeline for fielding such systems. (2) Plans for how the Army will incorporate active protection systems into new armored combat and tactical vehicle designs, such as Mobile Protection Firepower (MPF), Armored Multi Purpose Vehicle (AMPV), and Next Generation Combat Vehicle (NGCV). 
(a) P ROTOTYPE .—The Secretary of the Army shall take appropriate actions to ensure that all necessary resources are planned and programmed for accelerated prototyping, component development, testing, or acquisition for the Next Generation Combat Vehicle (NGCV). (b) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the development of the Next Generation Combat Vehicle. (2) ANALYSIS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include a thorough analysis of the requirements of the Next Generation Combat Vehicle. (B) RELEVANCE TO NATIONAL DEFENSE STRAT EGY.—In carrying out subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall ensure that the requirements are relevant to the most recently published National Defense Strategy. (C) THREATS AND TERRAIN .—The Secretary shall ensure that the analysis includes consideration of threats and terrain. 
(D) C OMPONENT TECHNOLOGIES .—The Sec retary shall ensure that the analysis includes consideration of the latest enabling component technologies developed by the Tank Automotive, Research, Development, Engineering Center of the Army that have the potential to dramatically change basic combat vehicle design and improve lethality, protection, mobility, range, and sustainment. (c) LIMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201 and available for research, development, testing, and evaluation, Army, for the Next Generation Combat Vehicle, not more than 90 percent may be obligated or expended until the Secretary submits the report required by subsection (b). 
SEC. 250. MODIFICATION OF REPORTS ON MECHANISMS TO PROVIDE FUNDS TO DEFENSE LABORATORIES FOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF TECHNOLOGIES FOR MILITARY MISSIONS. 
Subsection (c) of section 2363 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) RELEASE AND DISSEMINATION OF INFOR MATION ON CONTRIBUTIONS FROM USE OF AUTHORITY TO MILITARY MISSIONS .— ‘‘(1) COLLECTION OF INFORMATION .—The Sec retary shall establish and maintain mechanisms for the continuous collection of information on achievements, best practices identified, lessons learned, and challenges arising in the exercise of the authority in this section. ‘‘(2) RELEASE OF INFORMATION .—The Sec retary shall establish and maintain mechanisms as follows: ‘‘(A) Mechanisms for the release to the public of information on achievements and best practices described in paragraph (1) in unclassified form. ‘‘(B) Mechanisms for dissemination to appropriate civilian and military officials of information on achievements and best practices described in paragraph (1) in classified form.’’. 
SEC. 251. BRIEFINGS ON MOBILE PROTECTED FIREPOWER AND FUTURE VERTICAL LIFT PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Army shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives on the requirements of the Army for Mobile Protected Firepower (MPF) and Future Vertical Lift (FVL). (b) CONTENTS .—The briefing provided pursuant to subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) With respect to the Mobile Protected Firepower program, the following: (A) An explanation of how Mobile Protected Firepower could survive against the effects of antiarmor and antiaircraft networks established within antiaccess, areadenial defenses. (B) An explanation of how Mobile Protected Firepower would improve offensive overmatch against a peer adversary. (C) Details regarding the total number of Mobile Protected Firepower systems needed by the Army. (D) An explanation of how the Mobile Protected Firepower system will be logistically supported within light formations. (E) Plans to integrate active protection systems into the designs of the Mobile Protected Firepower program. (2) With respect to the Future Vertical Lift program, the following: (A) An explanation of how Future Vertical Lift could survive against the effects of antiaircraft networks established within antiaccess, areadenial defenses. (B) An explanation of how Future Vertical Lift would improve offensive overmatch against a peer adversary. (C) A review of the doctrine, organization, training, materiel, leadership, education, personnel, and facilities applicable to determine the total number of Future Vertical Lift Capability Set 1 or Future Attack Reconnaissance Aircraft (FARA), required by the Army. (D) An implementation plan for the establishment of Future Vertical Lift, including a timeline for achieving initial and full operational capability. (E) A description of the budget requirements for Future Vertical Lift to reach full operational capability, including an identification and cost of any infrastructure and equipment requirements. (F) A detailed list of all analysis used to determine the priority of Future Vertical Lift and which programs were terminated, extended, de scoped, or delayed in order to fund Future Vertical Lift Capability Set 1 or Future Attack Reconnaissance Aircraft in the Future Year’s Defense Plan. (G) An assessment of the analysis of alternatives on the Future Vertical Lift Capability Set 3 program. (H) An identification of any additional authorities that may be required for achieving full operational capability of Future Vertical Lift. (I) Any other matters deemed relevant by the Secretary. SEC. 252. IMPROVEMENT OF THE AIR FORCE SUPPLY CHAIN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics may use funds described in subsection (b) as follows: (1) For nontraditional technologies and sustainment practices (such as additive manufacturing, artificial intelligence, predictive maintenance, and other softwareintensive and softwaredefined capabilities) to— (A) increase the availability of aircraft to the Air Force; and (B) decrease backlogs and lead times for the production of parts for such aircraft. (2) To advance the qualification, certification, and integration of additive manufacturing into the Air Force supply chain. (3) To otherwise identify and reduce supply chain risk for the Air Force. (4) To define workforce development requirements and training for personnel who implement and support additive manufacturing for the Air Force at the warfighter, enditem designer and equipment operator, and acquisition officer levels. (b) FUNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 201 for research, development, test, and evaluation for the Air Force and available for Tech Transition Program (Program Element (0604858F)), up to $42,800,000 may be available as described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 253. REVIEW OF GUIDANCE ON BLAST EXPOSURE DURING TRAINING. 
(a) I NITIAL REVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall review the decibel level exposure, concussive effects exposure, and the frequency of exposure to heavy weapons fire of an individual during training exercises to establish appropriate limitations on such exposures. (b) ELEMENTS .—The review required by subsection (a) shall take into account current data and evidence on the cognitive effects of blast exposure and shall include consideration of the following: (1) The impact of exposure over multiple successive days of training. (2) The impact of multiple types of heavy weapons being fired in close succession. (3) The feasibility of cumulative annual or lifetime exposure limits. (4) The minimum safe distance for observers and instructors. (c) UPDATED TRAINING GUIDANCE .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the completion of the review under subsection (a), each Secretary of a military department shall update any relevant training guidance to account for the conclusions of the review. (d) UPDATED REVIEW .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than two years after the initial review conducted under subsection (a), and not later than two years thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall conduct an updated review under such subsection, including consideration of the matters set forth under subsection (b), and update training guidance under subsection (c). (2) CONSIDERATION OF NEW RESEARCH AND EVI DENCE .—Each updated review conducted under paragraph (1) shall take into account new research and evidence that has emerged since the previous review. (e) BRIEFING REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on a summary of the results of the initial review under subsection (a), each updated review conducted under subsection (d), and any updates to training guidance and procedures resulting from any such review or updated review. 
SEC. 254. COMPETITIVE ACQUISITION STRATEGY FOR BRADLEY FIGHTING VEHICLE TRANSMISSION REPLACEMENT. 
(a) P LAN REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Army shall develop a strategy to competitively procure a new transmission for the Bradley Fighting Vehicle family of vehicles. (b) ADDITIONAL STRATEGY REQUIREMENTS .— The plan required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An analysis of the potential cost savings and performance improvements associated with developing or procuring a new transmission common to the Bradley Fighting Vehicle family of vehicles, including the Armored Multipurpose Vehicle and the Paladin Integrated Management artillery system. (2) A plan to use full and open competition as required by the Federal Acquisition Regulation. (c) TIMELINE .—Not later than February 15, 2019, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees the strategy developed under subsection (a). (d) LIMITATION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by this Act for Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army, may be obligated or expended to procure a Bradley Fighting Vehicle replacement transmission until the date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Army submits to the congressional defense committees the plan required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 255. INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF ELECTRONIC WARFARE PLANS AND PROGRAMS. 
(a) A GREEMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with the private scientific advisory group known as ‘‘JASON’’ to perform the services covered by this section. (2) TIMING .—The Secretary shall seek to enter into the agreement described in paragraph (1) not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—Under an agreement between the Secretary and JASON under this section, JASON shall— (1) assess the strategies, programs, order of battle, and doctrine of the Department of Defense related to the electronic warfare mission area and electromagnetic spectrum operations; (2) assess the strategies, programs, order of battle, and doctrine of potential adversaries, such as China, Iran, and the Russian Federation, related to the same; (3) develop recommendations for improvements to the strategies, programs, and doctrine of the Department of Defense in order to enable the United States to achieve and maintain superiority in the electromagnetic spectrum in future conflicts; and 
(4) develop recommendations for the Secretary, Congress, and such other Federal entities as JASON considers appropriate, including recommendations for— (A) closing technical, policy, or resource gaps; (B) improving cooperation and appropriate integration within the Department of Defense entities; (C) improving cooperation between the United States and other countries and international organizations as appropriate; and (D) such other important matters identified by JASON that are directly relevant to the strategies of the Department of Defense described in paragraph (3). (c) LIAISONS .—The Secretary shall appoint appropriate liaisons to JASON to support the timely conduct of the services covered by this section. (d) MATERIALS .—The Secretary shall provide access to JASON to materials relevant to the services covered by this section, consistent with the protection of sources and methods and other critically sensitive information. (e) CLEARANCES .—The Secretary shall ensure that appropriate members and staff of JASON have the necessary clearances, obtained in an expedited manner, to conduct the services covered by this section. (f) REPORT .—Not later than October 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on— (1) the findings of JASON with respect to the assessments carried out under subsection (b); and (2) the recommendations developed by JASON pursuant to such subsection. (g) ALTERNATE CONTRACT SCIENTIFIC ORGANI ZATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—If the Secretary is unable within the period prescribed in paragraph (2) of subsection (a) to enter into an agreement described in paragraph (1) of such subsection with JASON on terms acceptable to the Secretary, the Secretary shall seek to enter into such agreement with another appropriate scientific organization that— (A) is not part of the government; and (B) has expertise and objectivity comparable to that of JASON. (2) TREATMENT .—If the Secretary enters into an agreement with another organization as described in paragraph (1), any reference in this section to JASON shall be treated as a reference to the other organization. TITLE III—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 301. Authorization of appropriations. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment Sec. 311. Explosive Ordnance Disposal Defense Program. Sec. 312. Further improvements to energy security and resilience. Sec. 313. Use of proceeds from sales of electrical energy derived from geothermal resources for projects at military installations where resources are located. Sec. 314. Operational energy policy. Sec. 315. Funding of study and assessment of health implications of per and polyfluoroalkyl substances contamination in drinking water by agency for toxic substances and disease registry. Sec. 316. Extension of authorized periods of permitted incidental takings of marine mammals in the course of specified activities by Department of Defense. Sec. 317. Department of Defense environmental restoration programs. Sec. 318. Joint study on the impact of wind farms on weather radars and military operations. Sec. 319. Core sampling at Joint Base San Antonio, Texas. Sec. 320. Production and use of natural gas at Fort Knox, Kentucky. Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment Sec. 321. Authorizing use of working capital funds for unspecified minor military construction projects related to revitalization and recapitalization of defense industrial base facilities. Sec. 322. Examination of Navy vessels. Sec. 323. Limitation on length of overseas forward deployment of naval vessels. Sec. 324. Temporary modification of workload carryover formula. Sec. 325. Limitation on use of funds for implementation of elements of master plan for redevelopment of Former Ship Repair Facility in Guam. Sec. 326. Business case analysis for proposed relocation of J85 Engine Regional Repair Center. Sec. 327. Report on pilot program for microreactors. Sec. 328. Limitation on modifications to Navy Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization structure and mechanism. Subtitle D—Reports Sec. 331. Reports on readiness. Sec. 332. Matters for inclusion in quarterly reports on personnel and unit readiness. Sec. 333. Annual Comptroller General reviews of readiness of Armed Forces to conduct full spectrum operations. Sec. 334. Surface warfare training improvement. Sec. 335. Report on optimizing surface Navy vessel inspections and crew certifications. Sec. 336. Report on depotlevel maintenance and repair. Sec. 337. Report on wildfire suppression capabilities of active and reserve components. Sec. 338. Report on relocation of steam turbine production from Nimitzclass and Fordclass aircraft carriers and Virginiaclass and Columbiaclass submarines. Sec. 339. Report on Specialized Undergraduate Pilot Training production, resourcing, and locations. Sec. 340. Report on Air Force airfield operational requirements. Sec. 341. Report on Navy surface ship repair contract costs. Subtitle E—Other Matters Sec. 351. Coast Guard representation on explosive safety board. Sec. 352. Transportation to continental United States of retired military working dogs outside the continental United States that are suitable for adoption in the United States. Sec. 353. Scope of authority for restoration of land due to mishap. Sec. 354. Repurposing and reuse of surplus Army firearms. Sec. 355. Study on phasing out open burn pits. Sec. 356. Notification requirements relating to changes to uniform of members of the uniformed services. Sec. 357. Reporting on future years budgeting by subactivity group. Sec. 358. Limitation on availability of funds for servicespecific Defense Readiness Reporting Systems. Sec. 359. Prioritization of environmental impacts for facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization demolition. Sec. 360. Sense of Congress relating to Soo Locks, Sault Sainte Marie, Michigan. Sec. 361. U.S. Special Operations Command Civilian Personnel. Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations SEC. 301. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4301. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 136 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 851, is further amended by inserting after section 2283, as added by such section 851, the following new section: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out a program to be known as the ‘Explosive Ordnance Disposal Defense Program’ (in this section referred to as the ‘Program’) under which the Secretary shall ensure close and continuous coordination between military departments on matters relating to explosive ordnance disposal support for commanders of geographic and functional combatant commands. ‘‘(b) ROLES, RESPONSIBILITIES , ANDAUTHORI TIES.—The plan under subsection (a) shall include provisions under which— ‘‘(1) the Secretary of Defense shall— ‘‘(A) assign the responsibility for the direction, coordination, integration of the Program within the Department of Defense to an Assistant Secretary of Defense; ‘‘(B) the Assistant Secretary of Defense to whom responsibility is assigned under paragraph (1) shall serve as the key individual for the Program responsible for developing and overseeing policy, plans, programs, and budgets, and issuing guidance and providing direction on Department of Defense explosive ordnance disposal activities; ‘‘(C) designate the Secretary of the Navy, or a designee of the Secretary’s choice, as the executive agent for the Department of Defense responsible for providing oversight of the joint program executive officer who coordinates and integrates joint requirements for explosive ordnance disposal and carries out joint research, development, test, and evaluation and procurement activities on behalf of the military departments and combatant commands with respect to explosive ordnance disposal; ‘‘(D) designate a combat support agency to exercise fund management responsibility of the Department of Defensewide program element for explosive ordnance disposal research, development, test, and evaluation, transactions other than contracts, cooperative agreements, and grants related to section 2371 of this title during research projects including rapid prototyping and limited procurement urgent activities, and acquisition; and ‘‘(E) designate an Army explosive ordnance disposalqualified general officer from the combat support agency designated under subparagraph (D) to serve as the Chairman of the Department of Defense explosive ordnance disposal defense program board; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary of each military department shall assess the needs of the military department concerned with respect to explosive ordnance disposal and may carry out research, development, test, and evaluation activities, including other transactions and procurement activities to address military department unique needs such as weapon systems, manned and unmanned vehicles and platforms, cyber and communication equipment, and the integration of explosive ordnance disposal sets, kits and outfits and explosive ordnance disposal tools, equipment, sets, kits, and outfits developed by the department. 
‘‘(c) A NNUAL BUDGET JUSTIFICATION DOCUMENTS .— ‘‘(1) For fiscal year 2021 and each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress with the defense budget materials a consolidated budget justification display, in classified and unclassified form, that includes all of activities of the Department of Defense relating to the Program. ‘‘(2) The budget display under paragraph (1) for a fiscal year shall include a single program element for each of the following: ‘‘(A) Civilian and military pay. ‘‘(B) Research, development, test, and evaluation. ‘‘(C) Procurement. ‘‘(D) Other transaction agreements. ‘‘(E) Military construction. ‘‘(3) The budget display shall include funding data for each of the military department’s respective activities related to explosive ordnance disposal, including— ‘‘(A) operation and maintenance; and ‘‘(B) overseas contingency operations.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter, as amended by section 851, is further amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2283, as added by such section 851, the following new section: ‘‘2284. Explosive Ordnance Disposal Defense Program.’’. 
SEC. 312. FURTHER IMPROVEMENTS TO ENERGY SECURITY AND RESILIENCE. 
(a) E NERGY POLICY AUTHORITY .—Section 2911(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respectively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) establish metrics and standards for the assessment of energy resilience; ‘‘(2) require the Secretary of a military department to perform mission assurance and readiness assessments of energy power systems for mission critical assets and supporting infrastructure, applying uniform mission standards established by the Secretary of Defense;’’. (b) REPORTING ON ENERGY SECURITY AND RESILIENCE GOALS.—Section 2911(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The Secretary of Defense shall include the energy security and resilience goals of the Department of Defense in the installation energy report submitted under section 2925(a) of this title for fiscal year 2018 and every fiscal year thereafter. In the development of energy security and resilience goals, the Department of Defense shall conform with the definitions of energy security and resilience under this title. The report shall include the amount of critical energy load, together with the level of availability and reliability by fiscal year the Department of Defense deems necessary to achieve energy security and resilience.’’. (c) REPORTING ON INSTALLATIONS ENERGY  MANAGEMENT , ENERGY RESILIENCE , ANDMISSION  ASSURANCE .—Section 2925(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, including progress on energy resilience at military installations according to metrics developed by the Secretary’’ after ‘‘under section 2911 of this title’’; (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘the mission requirements associated with disruption tolerances based on risk to mission’’ and inserting ‘‘the downtimes (in minutes or hours) these missions can afford based on their mission requirements and risk tolerances’’; (3) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘(including critical energy loads in megawatts and the associated downtime tolerances for critical energy loads)’’ after ‘‘energy requirements and critical energy requirements’’; (4) by redesignating paragraph (5) as paragraph (7); and (5) by inserting after paragraph (4) the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) A list of energy resilience projects awarded by the Department of Defense by military department and military installation, whether appropriated or alternative financed for the reporting fiscal year, including project description, award date, the critical energy requirements serviced (including critical energy loads in megawatts), expected reliability of the project (as indicated in the awarded contract), life cycle costs, savings to investment, fuel type, and the type of appropriation or alternative financing used. ‘‘(6) A list of energy resilience projects planned by the Department of Defense by military department and military installation, whether appropriated or alternative financed for the next two fiscal years, including project description, fuel type, expected award date, and the type of appropriation or alternative financing expected for use.’’. (d) INCLUSION OF ENERGY SECURITY AND RESILIENCE AS PRIORITIES IN CONTRACTS FOR ENERGY OR FUEL FOR MILITARY INSTALLATIONS .— Section 2922a(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) The Secretary concerned shall ensure energy security and resilience are prioritized and included in the provision and operation of energy production facilities under this section.’’. (e) CONVEYANCE AUTHORITY FOR UTILITY SYSTEMS.—Section 2688 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d)(2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The business case analysis must also demonstrate how a privatized system will operate in a manner consistent with subsection (g)(3).’’; and (2) in subsection (g)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘may require’’ and inserting ‘‘shall require’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘consistent with energy resilience requirements and metrics’’ and inserting ‘‘consistent with energy resilience and cybersecurity requirements and associated metrics’’. (f) MODIFICATION OF ENERGY RESILIENCE DEFINITION .—Section 101(e)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘task critical assets and other’’. (g) AUTHORITY TOACCEPT ENERGY PERFORM ANCE FINANCIAL INCENTIVES FROM STATE AND  LOCAL GOVERNMENTS .—Section 2913(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘a State or local government’’ after ‘‘generally available from’’. (h) USE OF ENERGY COSTSAVINGS TOIMPLE MENT ENERGY RESILIENCE AND ENERGY CONSERVATION CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS .—Section 2912(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, including energy resilience and energy conservation construction projects,’’ after ‘‘energy security measures’’. (i) ADDITIONAL BASIS FOR PRESERVATION OF  PROPERTY IN THE VICINITY OF MILITARY INSTAL LATIONS IN AGREEMENTS WITHNONFEDERAL  ENTITIES ON USE OF SUCHPROPERTY .—Section 2684a(a)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘(B)(i)’’; and (2) by adding at the end of the following new clause: ‘‘(ii) maintains or improves military installation resilience; or’’. 
SEC. 313. USE OF PROCEEDS FROM SALES OF ELECTRICAL ENERGY DERIVED FROM GEOTHERMAL RESOURCES FOR PROJECTS AT MILITARY INSTALLATIONS WHERE RESOURCES ARE LOCATED. 
Subsection (b) of section 2916 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Proceeds’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in paragraph (3), proceeds’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) In the case of proceeds from a sale of electrical energy generated from any geothermal energy resource— ‘‘(A) 50 percent shall be credited to the appropriation account described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) 50 percent shall be deposited in a special account in the Treasury established by the Secretary concerned which shall be available, for military construction projects described in paragraph (2) or for installation energy or water security projects directly coordinated with local area energy or groundwater governing authorities, for the military installation in which the geothermal energy resource is located.’’. SEC. 314. OPERATIONAL ENERGY POLICY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2926 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d) as subsections (c), (d), (e), (f), respectively; (2) by inserting before subsection (c), as redesignated by paragraph (1), the following new subsections: ‘‘(a) OPERATIONAL ENERGY POLICY .—In car rying out section 2911(a) of this title, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure the types, availability, and use of operational energy promote the readiness of the armed forces for their military missions. ‘‘(b) AUTHORITIES .—The Secretary of Defense may— ‘‘(1) require the Secretary of a military department or the commander of a combatant command to assess the energy supportability of systems, capabilities, and plans; ‘‘(2) authorize the use of energy security, cost of backup power, and energy resilience as factors in the costbenefit analysis for procurement of operational equipment; and ‘‘(3) in selecting equipment that will use operational energy, give favorable consideration to the acquisition of equipment that enhances energy security, energy resilience, energy conservation, and reduces logistical vulnerabilities.’’; and (3) in subsection (c), as redesignated by subparagraph (A)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘ALTERNATIVE FUELACTIVITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘FUNCTIONS OF THE ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF  DEFENSE FOR ENERGY , INSTALLATIONS , ANDENVIRONMENT ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘heads of the military departments and the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering’’ and inserting ‘‘heads of the appropriate Department of Defense components’’; (C) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘lead the alternative fuel activities’’ and inserting ‘‘oversee the operational energy activities’’; (D) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘regarding the development of alternative fuels by the military departments and the Office of the Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘regarding the policies and investments that affect the use of operational energy across the Department of Defense’’; (E) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘prescribe policy to streamline the investments in alternative fuel activities across the Department of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘recommend to the Secretary policy to improve warfighting capability through energy security and energy resilience’’; and (F) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (e)(4)’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—(1) Section 2925(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2926(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2926(d)’’. (2) Section 1061(c)(55) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended by striking ‘‘Section 2926(c)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 2926(e)(4)’’. 
SEC. 315. FUNDING OF STUDY AND ASSESSMENT OF HEALTH IMPLICATIONS OF PER AND POLYFLUOROALKYL SUBSTANCES CONTAMINATION IN DRINKING WATER BY AGENCY FOR TOXIC SUBSTANCES AND DISEASE REGISTRY. 
(a) F UNDING .—Paragraph (2) of section 316(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) SOURCE OF FUNDS .—The study and assessment performed pursuant to this section may be paid for using funds authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘Operation and Maintenance, Defense Wide’. ‘‘(B) TRANSFER AUTHORITY .—(i) Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2018, not more than $10,000,000 shall be transferred by the Secretary of Defense, without regard to section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to pay for the study and assessment required by this section. ‘‘(ii) Without regard to section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may transfer not more than $10,000,000 a year during fiscal years 2019 and 2020 to the Secretary of Health and Human Services to pay for the study and assessment required by this section. ‘‘(C) EXPENDITURE AUTHORITY .—Amounts transferred to the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall be used to carry out the study and assessment under this section through contracts, cooperative agreements, or grants. In addition, such funds may be transferred by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to other accounts of the Department for the purposes of carrying out this section. ‘‘(D) RELATIONSHIP TO OTHER TRANSFER AU THORITIES .—The transfer authority provided under this paragraph is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense.’’. (b) REPORT TO CONGRESS ON DEPARTMENT OF  DEFENSE ASSESSMENT AND REMEDIATION PLAN.— Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency establishes a maximum contaminant level for per and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS) contamination in drinking water in a national primary drinking water regulation under section 1412 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g1), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing a plan to— (1) assess any contamination at Department of Defense installations and surrounding communities that may have occurred from PFAS usage by the Department of Defense; (2) identify any remediation actions the Department plans to undertake using the maximum contaminant level established by the Environmental Protection Agency; (3) provide an estimate of the cost of such remediation and a schedule for accomplishing such remediation; and (4) provide an assessment of past expenditures by local water authorities to address contamination before the Environmental Protection Agency established a maximum contaminant level and an estimate of the cost to reimburse communities that remediated water to a level not greater than such level. (c) ASSESSMENT OF HEALTH EFFECTS OF PFAS EXPOSURE .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an assessment of the human health implications of PFAS exposure. Such assessment shall include— (1) a metaanalysis that considers the current scientific evidence base linking the health effects of PFAS on individuals who served as members of the Armed Forces and were exposed to PFAS at military installations; (2) an estimate of the number of members of the Armed Forces and veterans who may have been exposed to PFAS while serving in the Armed Forces; (3) the development of a process that would facilitate the transfer between the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs of health information of individuals who served in the Armed Forces and may have been exposed to PFAS during such service; and (4) a description of the amount of funding that would be required to administer a potential registry of individuals who may have been exposed to PFAS while serving in the Armed Forces. SEC. 316. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZED PERIODS OF PERMITTED INCIDENTAL TAKINGS OF MARINE MAMMALS IN THE COURSE OF SPECIFIED ACTIVITIES BY DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 101(a)(5)(A) of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1371(a)(5)(A)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘Upon request’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided by clause (ii), upon request’’; (2) by redesignating clauses (ii) and (iii) as clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively; and (3) by inserting after clause (i) the following new clause (ii): ‘‘(ii) In the case of a military readiness activity (as defined in section 315(f) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 16 U.S.C. 703 note), clause (i) shall be applied— ‘‘(I) in the matter preceding clause (I), by substituting ‘seven consecutive years’ for ‘five consecutive years’; and ‘‘(II) in clause (I), by substituting ‘sevenyear’ for ‘fiveyear’.’’. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Department of Defense has identified nearly 39,500 sites that fall under the installation restoration program sites and munitions response sites. (2) The installation response program addresses contamination from hazardous substances, pollutants, or contaminants and active military installations, formerly used defense site properties, and base realignment and closure locations in the United States. (3) Munitions response sites are known or suspected to contain unexploded ordnance, discarded military munitions, or munitions constitutes are addressed through the military munitions response program. (4) The installation restoration program sites and munitions response sites have had significant impacts on state and local governments that have had to bear the increased costs of environmental degradation, notably groundwater contamination, and local populations that have had to live with the consequences of contaminated drinking, including increased health concerns and decreasing property values. (5) Through the end of fiscal year 2017, the Department of Defense had achieved response complete at 86 percent of installation restoration program sites and munitions response sites, but projects that it will fall short of meeting its goal of 90 percent by the end of fiscal year 2018. (6) The fiscal year 2019 budget request for environmental restoration and base realignment and closure amounted to nearly $1,318,320,000, a decrease of $53,429,000 from the amount authorized in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the environmental restoration and base realignment and closure programs are important for the protection of the environment, the health of the military and civilian personnel and their families who live and work on military installations, to ensure that current and legacy military operations do not adversely affect the health or environments of surrounding communities; (2) the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces should seek to reduce the financial burden on state and local government who are bearing significant costs of cleanup stemming from defense related activities; (3) the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces should expedite and streamline cleanup at locations where contamination is having a direct impact on civilian access to clean drinking water; (4) the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces should continue to engage with and help allay local community concerns about the safety of the drinking water due to environmental degradation caused by defense related activities; and (5) the Department of Defense should seek opportunities to accelerate environmental restoration efforts where feasible, to include programming additional resources for response actions, investing in technology solutions that may expedite response actions, improving contracting procedures, increasing contracting capacity, and seeking opportunities for partnerships and other cooperative approaches. SEC. 318. JOINT STUDY ON THE IMPACT OF WIND FARMS ON WEATHER RADARS AND MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall enter into an arrangement with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to conduct a study on how to improve existing National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and National Weather Service tools to reflect the latest data and policies to improve consistency in weather radars, with a focus on a research and development and field test evaluation program to validate existing mitigation options and develop additional options for weather radar impact, in collaboration with the National Weather Service, the Department of Energy, and the Federal Aviation Administration, and with input from academia and industry. (b) ELEMENTS .—The study required pursuant to subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The potential impacts of wind farms on NEXRAD radars and other Federal radars for weather forecasts and warnings used by the Department of Defense, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and the National Weather Service. (2) Recommendations to reduce, mitigate, or eliminate the potential impacts. (3) Recommendations for addressing the impacts to NEXRADs and weather radar due to increasing turbine heights. (4) Recommendations to ensure wind farms do not impact the ability of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the National Weather Service to warn or forecast hazardous weather. (5) The cumulative impacts of multiple wind farms near a single radar on the ability of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the National Weather Service to warn or forecast hazardous weather. (6) An analysis of whether certain wind turbine projects, based on project layout, turbine orientation, number of turbines, density of turbines, proximity to radar, or turbine height result in greater impacts to the missions of Department of Defense, the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, and the National Weather Service, and if so, how can those projects be better cited to reduce or eliminate NEXRAD impacts. (7) Case studies where the Department of Defense, the National Weather Service, and industry have worked together to implement solutions. (8) Mitigation options, including software and hardware upgrades, which the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and the National Weather Service have researched and analyzed, and the results of such research and analysis. 
(9) A review of mitigation research performed to date by the Government and or academia. (10) Identification of future research opportunities, requirements, and recommendations for the SENSR program to mitigate energy development. (c) SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the study conducted pursuant to subsection (a). 
SEC. 319. CORE SAMPLING AT JOINT BASE SAN ANTONIO, TEXAS. 
(a) S ITEINVESTIGATION REQUIRED .—The Sec retary of the Air Force shall conduct a core sampling study along the proposed route of the W–6 wastewater treatment line on Air Force real property, in compliance with best engineering practices, to determine if any regulated or hazardous substances are present in the soil along the proposed route. (b) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 15 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the results of the core samples taken pursuant to subsection (a). 
SEC. 320. PRODUCTION AND USE OF NATURAL GAS AT FORT KNOX, KENTUCKY. 
(a) A UTHORITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army is authorized to continue production, treatment, management, and use of the natural gas from covered wells at Fort Knox, without regard to section 3 of the Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands (30 U.S.C. 352), with the limitation that the Secretary of the Army shall comply with the Mineral Leasing Act, Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands, and the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act, for additional oil or natural gas drilling operations and production activities beyond the production from the covered wells at Fort Knox. (2) CONTRACT AUTHORITY .—The Secretary is authorized to enter into a contract with an appropriate entity to carry out paragraph (1), with the limitation that the authority provided in this section does not affect or authorize any interference with the Muldraugh Gas Storage Facility at Fort Knox. (b) ROYALTIES TO THE STATE OF KENTUCKY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In implementing this section— (A) The Secretary of the Interior shall calculate the value of royalty payments, calculated on a calendar year basis beginning on the date of enactment of this section, that the State of Kentucky would have received under the Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands (30 U.S.C. 352) for future natural gas produced at Fort Knox under the authority of this section as though the natural gas had been produced under the Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands, and provide the calculation to the Secretary of the Army. (B) Upon request of the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary of the Army or its contractor shall promptly provide all information, documents, or other materials the Secretary of the Interior deems necessary to conduct this calculation. (C) The Secretary of the Army shall pay to the Treasury of the United States the value of royalty calculated under this section upon receipt of the calculation from the Secretary of the Interior. (D) The Secretary of the Interior shall disburse the sums collected from the Secretary of the Army pursuant to this paragraph to the State of Kentucky as though the funds were being disbursed to the State under section 6 of the Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands (30 U.S.C. 355) no later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. (E) Regardless of the value of the royalty payments calculated under subparagraph (A), in no case may the amount of the sums disbursed under subparagraph (D) for any calendar year exceed $49,000. (2) WAIVER AUTHORITY .—The Governor of Kentucky may waive paragraph (1) by providing written notice to the Secretary of the Interior to that effect. (c) OWNERSHIP OF FACILITIES .—The Secretary of the Army may take ownership of any gas production and treatment equipment and facilities and associated infrastructure from an entity with which the Secretary has entered into a contract under subsection (a) in accordance with the terms of the contract. The Secretary of the Interior shall have no responsibility for the plugging and abandonment of the covered wells at Fort Knox, the reclamation of the covered wells at Fort Knox, or any environmental damage caused or associated with the production of the covered wells at Fort Knox. (d) APPLICABILITY .—The authority of the Secretary of the Army under this section is effective as of August 2, 2007. (e) LIMITATION ON USES.—Any natural gas produced under the authority of this section may be used only to support energy security and energy resilience at Fort Knox. For purposes of this section, energy security and energy resilience include maintaining and continuing to produce natural gas from the covered wells at Fort Knox, and enhancing the Fort Knox energy grid through acquisition and maintenance of battery storage, loop transmission lines and pipelines, substations, and automated circuitry. (f) SAFETY STANDARDS FOR GASWELLS.—The covered wells at Fort Knox shall meet the same technical installation and operating standards that they would have had to meet had they been installed under a lease pursuant to the Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands. Such standards include the gas measurement requirements in the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act and the operational standards in the Onshore Oil and Gas Operating and Production regulations issued by the Bureau of Land Management. The Bureau of Land Management shall inspect and enforce the Army’s and its contractor’s compliance with the standards of the Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands, the Federal Oil and Gas Royalty Management Act, and the Bureau of Land Management Onshore Oil and Gas Operating and Production regulations. (g) COVERED WELLS AT FORTKNOX.—In this section, the term ‘‘covered wells at Fort Knox’’ means the 26 wells located at Fort Knox, Kentucky, as of the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment 
SEC. 321. AUTHORIZING USE OF WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS FOR UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS RELATED TO REVITALIZATION AND RECAPITALIZATION OF DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE FACILITIES. 
Section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(u) USE FOR UNSPECIFIED MINOR MILITARY  CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS TO REVITALIZE AND  RECAPITALIZE DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASEFACILITIES .—(1) The Secretary of a military department may use a working capital fund of the department under this section to carry out an unspecified minor military construction project under section 2805 for the revitalization and recapitalization of a defense industrial base facility owned by the United States and under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. ‘‘(2) Section 2805 shall apply with respect to a project carried out with a working capital fund under the authority of this subsection in the same manner as such section applies to any unspecified minor military construction project under section 2805. ‘‘(3) In this subsection, the term ‘defense industrial base facility’ means any Department of Defense depot, arsenal, shipyard, or plant located within the United States. ‘‘(4) The authority to use a working capital fund to carry out a project under the authority of this subsection expires on September 30, 2023.’’. SEC. 322. EXAMINATION OF NAVY VESSELS. 
(a) N OTICE OF EXAMINATIONS .—Subsection (a) of section 7304 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), any naval vessel examined under this section on or after January 1, 2020, shall be examined with minimal notice provided to the crew of the vessel. ‘‘(B) Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to a vessel undergoing necessary trials before acceptance into the fleet.’’. (b) ANNUAL REPORT .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) ANNUAL REPORT .—(1) Not later than March 1 each year, the board designated under subsection (a) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: ‘‘(A) An overall narrative summary of the material readiness of Navy ships as compared to established material requirements standards. ‘‘(B) The overall number and types of vessels inspected during the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(C) For inservice vessels, material readiness trends by inspected functional area as compared to the previous five years. ‘‘(2) Each report under this subsection shall be submitted in an unclassified form that is releasable to the public without further redaction. ‘‘(3) No report shall be required under this subsection after October 1, 2021.’’. 
SEC. 323. LIMITATION ON LENGTH OF OVERSEAS FORWARD DEPLOYMENT OF NAVAL VESSELS. 
(a) L IMITATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 7320. Limitation on length of overseas forward deployment of naval vessels ‘‘(a) LIMITATION .—The Secretary of the Navy shall ensure that no naval vessel specified in subsection (b) that is listed in the Naval Vessel Register is forward deployed overseas for a period in excess of ten years. At the end of a period of overseas forward deployment, the vessel shall be assigned a homeport in the United States. ‘‘(b) VESSELS SPECIFIED .—A naval vessel specified in this subsection is any of the following: ‘‘(1) Aircraft carrier. ‘‘(2) Amphibious ship. ‘‘(3) Cruiser. ‘‘(4) Destroyer. ‘‘(5) Frigate. ‘‘(6) Littoral Combat Ship. ‘‘(c) WAIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the limitation under subsection (a) with respect to a naval vessel if the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees notice in writing of— ‘‘(1) the waiver of such limitation with respect to the vessel; ‘‘(2) the date on which the period of overseas forward deployment of the vessel is expected to end; and ‘‘(3) the factors used by the Secretary to determine that a longer period of deployment would promote the national defense or be in the public interest.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘7320. Limitation on length of overseas forward deployment of naval vessels.’’. 
(b) T REATMENT OF CURRENTLY DEPLOYED  VESSELS .—In the case of any naval vessel that has been forward deployed overseas for a period in excess of ten years as of the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall ensure that such vessel is assigned a homeport in the United States by not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) CONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .—Not later than October 1, 2020, the Secretary of the Navy shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a briefing on the plan of the Secretary for the rotation of forward deployed naval vessels. 
During the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on September 30, 2021, in carrying out chapter 9, volume 2B (relating to Instructions for the Preparation of Exhibit Fund11a Carryover Reconciliation) of Department of Defense regulation 7000.14R, entitled ‘‘Financial Management Regulation (FMR)’’, in addition to any other applicable exemptions, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that with respect to each military department depot or arsenal, outlay rates— (1) reflect the timing of when during a fiscal year appropriations have historically funded workload; and (2) account for the varying repair cycle times of the workload supported. 
SEC. 325. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF ELEMENTS OF MASTER PLAN FOR REDEVELOPMENT OF FORMER SHIP REPAIR FACILITY IN GUAM. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Navy for fiscal year 2019 may be obligated or expended for any construction, alteration, repair, or development of the real property consisting of the Former Ship Repair Facility in Guam. (b) EXCEPTION .—The limitation under subsection (a) does not apply to any project that directly supports depotlevel ship maintenance capabilities, including the mooring of a floating dry dock. (c) FORMER SHIPREPAIR FACILITY IN GUAM.— In this section, the term ‘‘Former Ship Repair Facility in Guam’’ means the property identified by that name under the base realignment and closure authority carried out under the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note). 
SEC. 326. BUSINESS CASE ANALYSIS FOR PROPOSED RELOCATION OF J85 ENGINE REGIONAL REPAIR CENTER. 
(a) B USINESS CASEANALYSIS .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall prepare a business case analysis on the proposed relocation of the J85 Engine Regional Repair Center. Such analysis shall include each of the following: (1) An overview of each alternative considered for the J85 Engine Regional Repair Center. (2) The onetime and annual costs associated with each such alternative. (3) The effect of each such alternative on workload capacity, capability, schedule, throughput, and costs. (4) The effect of each such alternative on Governmentfurnished parts, components, and equipment, including mitigation strategies to address known limitations to T38 production throughput, especially such limitations caused by Governmentfurnished parts, equipment, or transportation. (5) The effect of each such alternative on the transition of the Air Force to the TX training aircraft. (6) A detailed rationale for the selection of an alternative considered as part of the business case analysis under this section. (b) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR RELOCATION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act, or otherwise made available for the Air Force, may be obligated or expended for any action to relocate the J85 Engine Regional Repair Center until the date that is 150 days after the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force provides to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a briefing on the business case analysis required by subsection (a). SEC. 327. REPORT ON PILOT PROGRAM FOR MICROREACTORS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall develop and submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Energy and Commerce in the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources in the Senate a report describing the requirements for, and components of, a pilot program to provide resilience for critical national security infrastructure at Department of Defense facilities with high energy intensity and currently expensive utility rates and Department of Energy facilities by contracting with a commercial entity to site, construct, and operate at least one licensed microreactor at a facility identified under the report by December 31, 2027. (b) CONSULTATION .—As necessary to develop the report required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with— (1) the Secretary of Defense; (2) the Nuclear Regulatory Commission; and (3) the Administrator of the General Services Administration. (c) CONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) identification of potential locations to site, construct, and operate a microreactor at a Department of Defense or Department of Energy facility that contains critical national security infrastructure that the Secretary determines may not be energy resilient; (2) assessments of different nuclear technologies to provide energy resiliency for critical national security infrastructure; (3) a survey of potential commercial stakeholders with which to enter into a contract under the pilot program to construct and operate a licensed microreactor; (4) options to enter into longterm contracting, including various financial mechanisms for such purpose; (5) identification of requirements for microreactors to provide energy resilience to mission critical functions at facilities identified under paragraph (1); (6) an estimate of the costs of the pilot program; (7) a timeline with milestones for the pilot program; (8) an analysis of the existing authority of the Department of Energy and Department of Defense to permit the siting, construction, and operation of a microreactor; and (9) recommendations for any legislative changes to the authorities analyzed under paragraph (8) necessary for the Department of Energy and the Department of Defense to permit the siting, construction, and operation of a microreactor. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘critical national security infrastructure’’ means any site or installation that the Secretary of Energy or the Secretary of Defense determines supports critical mission functions of the national security enterprise. (2) The term ‘‘licensed’’ means holding a license under section 103 or 104 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954. (3) The term ‘‘microreactor’’ means a nuclear reactor that has a power production capacity that is not greater than 50 megawatts. (4) The term ‘‘pilot program’’ means the pilot program described in subsection (a). (5) The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means Secretary of Energy. (e) FORM.—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified appendix. (f) LIMITATIONS .—This Act does not authorize the Department of Energy or Department of Defense to enter into a contract with respect to the pilot program. 
SEC. 328. LIMITATION ON MODIFICATIONS TO NAVY FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION, AND MODERNIZATION STRUCTURE AND MECHANISM. 
The Secretary of the Navy may not make any modification to the existing Navy Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization structure or mechanism that would modify duty relationships or significantly alter the existing structure until 90 days after providing notice of the proposed modification to the congressional defense committees. Subtitle D—Reports 
(a) U NIFORM APPLICABILITY OF READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM .—Subsection (b) of section 117 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘and maintaining’’ after ‘‘establishing’’; (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘reporting system is applied uniformly throughout the Department of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘reporting system and associated policies are applied uniformly throughout the Department of Defense, including between and among the joint staff and each of the armed forces’’; (3) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; (4) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) that is the single authoritative readiness reporting system for the Department, and that there shall be no military service specific systems; ‘‘(3) that readiness assessments are accomplished at an organizational level at, or below, the level at which forces are employed; ‘‘(4) that the reporting system include resources information, force posture, and mission centric capability assessments, as well as predicted changes to these attributes;’’; and (5) in paragraph (5), as redesignated by paragraph (3) of this subsection, by inserting ‘‘, or element of a unit,’’ after ‘‘readiness status of a unit’’. (b) CAPABILITIES OF READINESS REPORTING  SYSTEM .—Such section is further amended in subsection (c)— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Measure, on a monthly basis, the capability of units’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure the readiness of units’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘conduct their assigned wartime missions’’ and inserting ‘‘conduct their designed and assigned missions’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘Measure, on an annual basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘wartime missions’’ and inserting ‘‘designed and assigned missions’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘Measure, on an annual basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘wartime missions’’ and inserting ‘‘designed and assigned missions’’; (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘Measure, on a monthly basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’; (5) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘Measure, on an annual basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’; (6) by striking paragraphs (6) and (8) and redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (6); and (7) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Measure, on a quarterly basis,’’ and inserting ‘‘Measure’’. (c) SEMIANNUAL AND MONTHLY JOINT READINESS REVIEWS .—Such section is further amended in subsection (d)(1)(A) by inserting ‘‘, which includes a validation of readiness data currency and accuracy’’ after ‘‘joint readiness review’’. (d) QUARTERLY REPORT ON CHANGE IN CURRENT STATE OF UNITREADINESS .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (h); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) QUARTERLY REPORT ON MONTHLY  CHANGES IN CURRENT STATE OF READINESS OF  UNITS.—For each quarter that begins after the date of the enactment of this subsection and ends on or before September 30, 2023, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on each monthly upgrade or downgrade of the current state of readiness of a unit that was issued by the commander of a unit during the previous quarter, together with the rationale of the commander for the issuance of such upgrade or downgrade.’’. (e) ANNUAL REPORT TO CONGRESS ON OPERATIONAL CONTRACT SUPPORT .—Such section is further amended by inserting after the new subsection (f), as added by subsection (d)(2) of this section, the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) ANNUAL REPORT ON OPERATIONAL CONTRACT SUPPORT .—The Secretary shall each year submit to the congressional defense committees a report in writing containing the results of the most recent annual measurement of the capability of operational contract support to support current and anticipated wartime missions of the armed forces. Each such report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.’’. (f) REGULATIONS .—Such section is further amended in subsection (h), as redesignated by subsection (d)(1) of this section, by striking ‘‘prescribe the units that are subject to reporting in the readiness reporting system, what type of equipment is subject to such reporting’’ and inserting ‘‘prescribe the established information technology system for Department of Defense reporting, specifically authorize exceptions to a singlesystem architecture, and identify the organizations, units, and entities that are subject to reporting in the readiness reporting system, what organization resources are subject to such reporting’’. (g) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) SECTION HEADING .—Such section is further amended in the section heading by striking ‘‘ : establishment; reporting to congressional committees’’. (2) TABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 2 is amended by striking the item relating to section 117 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘117. Readiness reporting system.’’. 
SEC. 332. MATTERS FOR INCLUSION IN QUARTERLY REPORTS ON PERSONNEL AND UNIT READINESS. 
Section 482 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting after ‘‘deficiency’’ the following: ‘‘in the ground, sea, air, space, and cyber forces, and in such other such areas as determined by the Secretary of Defense,’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘ASSIGNED MISSION ’’; (B) by striking paragraph (3); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (2) as paragraph (3); and (D) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) A report for the second or fourth quarter of a calendar year under this section shall also include an assessment by each commander of a geographic or functional combatant command of the readiness of the command to conduct operations in a multidomain battle that integrates ground, air, sea, space, and cyber forces.’’. 
SEC. 333. ANNUAL COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEWS OF READINESS OF ARMED FORCES TO CONDUCT FULL SPECTRUM OPERATIONS. 
(a) R EVIEWS REQUIRED .—For each of calendar years 2018 through 2021, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an annual review of the readiness of the Armed Forces to conduct each of the following types of full spectrum operations: (1) Ground. (2) Sea. (3) Air. (4) Space. (5) Cyber. (b) ELEMENTS OF REVIEW .—In conducting a review under subsection (a), the Comptroller General shall— (1) use standard methodology and reporting formats in order to show changes over time; (2) evaluate, using fiscal year 2017 as the base year of analysis— (A) force structure; (B) the ability of major operational units to conduct operations; and (C) the status of equipment, manning, and training; and (3) provide reasons for any variances in readiness levels, including changes in funding, availability in parts, training opportunities, and operational demands. (c) METRICS .—For purposes of the reviews required by this section, the Secretary of Defense shall identify and establish metrics for measuring readiness for the operations covered by subsection (a). In the first review conducted under this section, the Comptroller General shall evaluate and determine the validity of such metrics. (d) ACCESS TO RELEVANT DATA.—For purposes of this section, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the Comptroller General has access to all relevant data, including— (1) any assessments of the ability of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces to execute operational and contingency plans; (2) any internal Department readiness and force structure assessments; and (3) the readiness databases of the Department and the Armed Forces. (e) REPORTS .— (1) ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than February 28, 2019, and annually thereafter until 2022, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives an annual report on the review conducted under subsection (a) for the year preceding the year during which the report is submitted. (2) ADDITIONAL REPORTS .—At the discretion of the Comptroller General, the Comptroller General may submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives additional reports addressing specific mission areas within the operations covered by subsection (a) in order to provide an independent assessment of readiness in the areas of equipping, mapping, and training. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) In 2017, there were three collisions and one grounding involving United States Navy ships in the Western Pacific. The two most recent mishaps involved separate incidents of a Japan based United States Navy destroyer colliding with a commercial merchant vessel, resulting in the combined loss of 17 sailors. (2) The causal factors in these four mishaps are linked directly to a failure to take sufficient action in accordance with the rules of good seamanship. (3) Because risks are high in the maritime environment, there are widely accepted standards for safe seamanship and navigation. In the United States, the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping (hereinafter in this section referred to as the ‘‘STCW’’) for Seafarers, standardizes the skills and foundational knowledge a maritime professional must have in seamanship and navigation. (4) Section 568 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2139) endorsed the STCW process and required the Secretary of Defense to maximize the extent to which Armed Forces service, training, and qualifications are creditable toward meeting merchant mariner licenses and certifications. (5) The Surface Warfare Officer Course Curriculum is being modified to include ten individual Go/No Go Mariner Assessments/Competency Check Milestones to ensure standardization and quality of the surface warfare community. (6) The MilitarytoMariner Transition report of September 2017 notes the Army maintains an extensive STCW qualifications program and that a similar Navy program does not exist. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Secretary of the Navy should establish a comprehensive individual proficiency assessment process and include such an assessment prior to all operational surface warfare officer tour assignments; and (2) the Secretary of the Navy should significantly expand the STCW qualifications process to improve seamanship and navigation individual skills training for surface warfare candidates, surface warfare officers, quartermasters and operations specialists to include an increased set of courses that directly correspond to STCW standards. (c) REPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes each of the following: (1) A detailed description of the surface warfare officer assessments process. (2) A list of programs that have been approved for credit toward merchant mariner credentials. (3) A complete gap analysis of the existing surface warfare training curriculum and STCW. (4) A complete gap analysis of the existing surface warfare training curriculum and the 3rd mate unlimited licensing requirement. (5) An assessment of surface warfare options to complete the 3rd mate unlimited license and the STCW qualification. 
SEC. 335. REPORT ON OPTIMIZING SURFACE NAVY VESSEL INSPECTIONS AND CREW CERTIFICATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to Congress a report on optimizing surface Navy vessel inspections and crew certifications to reduce the burden of inspection type visits that vessels undergo. Such report shall include— (1) an audit of all surface Navy vessel inspections, certifications, and required and recommended assist visits; (2) an analysis of such inspections, certifications, and visits for redundancies, as well as any necessary items not covered; (3) recommendations to streamline surface vessel inspections, certifications, and required and recommended assist visits to optimize effectiveness, improve material readiness, and restore training readiness; and (4) recommendations for congressional action to address the needs of the Navy as identified in the report. (b) CONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .—Not later than January 31, 2019, the Secretary of the Navy shall provide to the Senate Committee on Armed Services and the House Committee on Armed Services an interim briefing on the matters to be included in the report required by subsection (a). 
The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the heads of each of the military departments and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on labor hours and depot maintenance, which shall include— (1) the amount of public and private funding of depotlevel maintenance and repair (as defined in section 2460 of title 10 United States Code) for the Department of Defense, Army, Navy, Marine Corps, Air Force, Special Operations Command, and any other unified command identified by the Secretary, expressed by 
commodity group by percentage and actual numbers in terms of dollars and direct labor hours; (2) within each category of depot level maintenance and repair for each entities, the amount of the subset of depot maintenance workload that meets the description under section 2464 of title 10, United States Code, that is performed in the public and private sectors by direct labor hours and by dollars; (3) of the subset referred to in paragraph (2), the amount of depot maintenance workload performed in the public and private sector by direct labor hour and by dollars for each entity that would otherwise be considered core workload under such section 2464, but is not considered core because a weapon system or equipment has not been declared a program of record; and (4) the projections for the upcoming future years defense program, including the distinction between the Navy and the Marine Corps for the Department of the Navy, as well as any unified command, including the Special Operations Command. 
SEC. 337. REPORT ON WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION CAPABILITIES OF ACTIVE AND RESERVE COMPONENTS. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that wildfires endanger national security. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report on the wildfire suppression capabilities within the active and reserve components of the Armed Forces, including the Modular Airborne Fire Fighting System Program, and interagency cooperation with the Forest Service and the Department of the Interior. 
SEC. 338. REPORT ON RELOCATION OF STEAM TURBINE PRODUCTION FROM NIMITZCLASS AND FORDCLASS AIRCRAFT CARRIERS AND VIRGINIA CLASS AND COLUMBIACLASS SUBMARINES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics and the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition, shall develop and submit to Congress a report describing the potential impacts on national defense and the manufacturing base resulting from contractors or subcontractors relocating steam turbine production for Nimitzclass and Fordclass aircraft carriers and Virginiaclass and Columbia class submarines. Such report shall address each of the following: (1) The overall risk of moving production on the national security of the United States, including the likelihood of production delay or reduction in quality of steam turbines. (2) The impact on national security from a delay in production of aircraft carriers and submarines. (3) The impacts on regional suppliers the current production of steam turbines draw on and their ability to perform other contracts should a relocation happen. (4) The impact on the national industrial and manufacturing base and loss of a critically skilled workforce resulting from a relocation of production. (5) The risk of moving production on total cost of the acquisition. 
SEC. 339. REPORT ON SPECIALIZED UNDERGRADUATE PILOT TRAINING PRODUCTION, RESOURCING, AND LOCATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on existing Specialized Undergraduate Pilot Training (SUPT) production, resourcing, and locations. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1) A description of the strategy of the Air Force for utilizing existing SUPT locations to produce the number of pilots the Air Force requires. (2) The number of pilots that each SUPT location has graduated, by year, over the previous 5 fiscal years. (3) The forecast number of pilots that each SUPT location will produce for fiscal year 2019. (4) The maximum production capacity of each SUPT location. (5) The extent to which existing SUPT installations are operating at maximum capacity in terms of pilot production. (6) A cost estimate of the resources required for each SUPT location to reach maximum production capacity. (7) A determination as to whether increasing production capacity at existing SUPT locations will satisfy the Air Force’s SUPT requirement. (8) A timeline and cost estimation of establishing a new SUPT location. (9) A discussion of whether the Air Force plans to operate existing SUPT installations at maximum capacity over the future years defense program. (10) A business case analysis comparing the establishment of a new SUPT location to increasing production capacity at existing SUPT locations. SEC. 340. REPORT ON AIR FORCE AIRFIELD OPERATIONAL REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall conduct an assessment and submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the operational requirements for Air Force airfields. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1) An assessment of the state of airfields where runway degradation currently poses a threat to operations and airfields where such degradation threatens operations in the next five and ten years. (2) A description of the operational requirements for airfields, including an assessment of the impact to operations, cost to repair, cost to replace, remaining useful life, and the required daily maintenance to ensure runways are acceptable for full operations. (3) A description of any challenges with infrastructure acquisition methods and processes. (4) An assessment of the operational impact in the event a runway were to become inoperable due to a major degradation incident, such as a crack or fracture resulting from lack of maintenance and repair. (5) A plan to address any shortfalls associated with the Air Force’s runway infrastructure. (c) FORM.—The report required under subsection (a) shall be in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex as necessary. 
SEC. 341. REPORT ON NAVY SURFACE SHIP REPAIR CONTRACT COSTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on Navy surface ship repair contract costs. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include, for each private sector maintenance availability for a conventionallypowered Navy surface ship for the prior two completed fiscal years, the following elements: (1) Name of the ship. (2) Location of the availability. (3) Prime contractor performing the availability. (4) Date of the contract award. (5) Type of contract used, such as firmfixed price or costplusfixedfee. (6) Solicitation number. (7) Number of offers received in response to the solicitation. (8) Contract target cost at the date of contract award. (9) Contract ceiling cost of the contract at the date of contract award. (10) Duration of the availability in days, including start and end dates, at the date of contract award. (11) Final contract cost. (12) Final delivery cost. (13) Actual duration of the availability in days, including start and end dates. (14) Description of growth work that was added after the contract award, including the associated cost. (15) Explanation of why the growth work described in paragraph (14) was not included in the scope of work associated with the original contract award. Subtitle E—Other Matters SEC. 351. COAST GUARD REPRESENTATION ON EXPLOSIVE SAFETY BOARD. 
Section 172(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and Marine Corps’’ and inserting ‘‘Marine Corps, and Coast Guard’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘When the Coast Guard is not operating as a service in the Department of the Navy, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall appoint an officer of the Coast Guard to serve as a voting member of the board.’’. 
SEC. 352. TRANSPORTATION TO CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES OF RETIRED MILITARY WORKING DOGS OUTSIDE THE CONTINENTAL UNITED STATES THAT ARE SUITABLE FOR ADOPTION IN THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 2583(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3)(A) In the case of a military working dog located outside the continental United States at the time of retirement that is suitable for adoption at that time, the Secretary of the military department concerned shall undertake transportation of the dog to the continental United States (including transportation by contract at United States expense) for adoption under this section unless— ‘‘(i) the dog is adopted as described in paragraph (2)(A); or ‘‘(ii) transportation of the dog to the continental United States would not be in the best interests of the dog for medical reasons. ‘‘(B) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed to alter the preference in adoption of retired military working dogs for former handlers as set forth in subsection (g).’’. 
SEC. 353. SCOPE OF AUTHORITY FOR RESTORATION OF LAND DUE TO MISHAP. 
Subsection (e) of section 2691 of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 2814 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115– 91; 131 Stat. 1849), is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The authority under paragraphs (1) and (2) includes activities and expenditures necessary to complete restoration to meet the regulations of the Federal department or agency with administrative jurisdiction over the affected land, which may be different than the regulations of the Department of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 354. REPURPOSING AND REUSE OF SURPLUS ARMY FIREARMS. 
Section 348(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1365) is amended by inserting ‘‘shredded or’’ before ‘‘melted and repurposed’’. 
SEC. 355. STUDY ON PHASING OUT OPEN BURN PITS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress a report that includes— (1) details of any ongoing use of open burn pits; and (2) the feasibility of phasing out the use of open burn pits by using technology incinerators. 
(b) O PENBURNPITDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘open burn pit’’ means an area of land— (1) that is designated by the Secretary of Defense to be used for disposing solid waste by burning in the outdoor air; and (2) does not contain a commercially manufactured incinerator or other equipment specifically designed and manufactured for the burning of solid waste. 
SEC. 356. NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS RELATING TO CHANGES TO UNIFORM OF MEMBERS OF THE UNIFORMED SERVICES. 
(a) DLA N OTIFICATION .—The Secretary of a military department shall notify the Commander of the Defense Logistics Agency of any plan to implement a change to any uniform or uniform component of a member of the uniformed services. Such notification shall be made not less than three years prior to the implementation of such change. (b) CONTRACTOR NOTIFICATION .—The Commander of the Defense Logistics Agency shall notify a contractor when one of the uniformed services plans to make a change to a uniform component that is provided by that contractor. Such a notification shall be made not less than 12 months prior to any announcement of a public solicitation for the manufacture of the new uniform component. (c) WAIVER .—If the Secretary of a military department or the Commander of the Defense Logistics Agency determines that the notification requirement under subsection (a) would adversely affect operational safety, force protection, or the national security interests of the United States, the Secretary or the Commander may waive such requirement. 
SEC. 357. REPORTING ON FUTURE YEARS BUDGETING BY SUBACTIVITY GROUP. 
Along with the budget for each fiscal year submitted by the President pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments shall include in the OP5 Justification Books, as detailed by Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, the amount for each individual subactivity group, as detailed in the Department’s future years defense program pursuant to section 221 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 358. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR SERVICESPECIFIC DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEMS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for research, development, test, and evaluation or procurement, and available to develop servicespecific Defense Readiness Reporting Systems (referred to in this section as ‘‘DRRS’’) may be made available for such purpose except for required maintenance and in order to facilitate the transition to DRRSStrategic (referred to in this section as ‘‘DRRSS’’). (b) PLAN.—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness shall submit to the congressional defense committees a resource and funding plan to include a schedule with relevant milestones on the elimination of servicespecific DRRS and the migration of the military services and other organizations to DRRSS. (c) TRANSITION .—The military services shall complete the transition to DRRSS not later than October 1, 2019. The Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees upon the complete transition of the services. (d) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Under Secretary for Personnel and Readiness, the Under Secretary for Acquisition and Sustainment, and the Under Secretary for Research and Engineering, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments and other organizations with relevant technical expertise, shall establish a working group including individuals with expertise in application or software development, data science, testing, and development and assessment of performance metrics to assess the current process for collecting, analyzing, and communicating readiness data, and develop a strategy for implementing any recommended changes to improve and establish readiness metrics using the current DRRSStrategic platform. (2) ELEMENTS .—The assessment conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include— (A) identification of modern tools, methods, and approaches to readiness to more effectively and efficiently collect, analyze, and make decision based on readiness data; and (B) consideration of cost and schedule. (3) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than February 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees the assessment conducted pursuant to paragraph (1). (e) DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING REQUIRE MENTS .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary of Defense shall meet defense readiness reporting requirements consistent with the recommendations of the working group established under subsection (d)(1). 
SEC. 359. PRIORITIZATION OF ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACTS FOR FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION, AND MODERNIZATION DEMOLITION. 
The Secretary of Defense shall establish prioritization metrics for facilities deemed eligible for demolition within the Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization (FSRM) process. Those metrics shall include full spectrum readiness and environmental impacts, including the removal of contamination. 
SEC. 360. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO SOO LOCKS, SAULT SAINTE MARIE, MICHIGAN. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Soo Locks in Sault Ste. Marie, Michigan, are of critical importance to the national security of the United States; (2) the Soo Locks are the only waterway connection from Lake Superior to the Lower Great Lakes and the St. Lawrence Seaway; (3) only the Poe Lock is of sufficient size to allow for the passage of the largest cargo vessels that transport well over 90 percent of all iron ore mined in the United States, and this lock is nearing the end of its 50year useful lifespan; (4) a report issued by the Office of Cyber and Infrastructure Analysis of the Department of Homeland Security concluded that an unscheduled 6month outage of the Poe Lock would cause— (A) a dramatic increase in national and regional unemployment; and (B) 75 percent of Great Lakes steel production, and nearly all North American appliance, automobile, railcar, and construction, farm, and mining equipment production to cease; (5) the Corps of Engineers is reevaluating a past economic evaluation report to update the benefittocost ratio for building a new lock at the Soo Locks; and (6) the Secretary of the Army and all relevant Federal agencies should— (A) expedite the completion of the report described in paragraph (5) and ensure the analysis adequately reflects the critical importance of the Soo Locks infrastructure to the national security and economy of the United States; and (B) expedite all other necessary reviews, analysis, and approvals needed to speed the required upgrades at the Soo Locks. 
Notwithstanding section 143 of title 10, United States Code, of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for Operation and Maintenance, Defensewide for United States Special Operations Command civilian personnel, not less than $4,000,000 shall be used to fund additional civilian personnel in or directly supporting the office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and LowIntensity Conflict to support the Assistant Secretary in fulfilling the additional responsibilities of the Assistant Secretary that were added by the amendments to sections 138(b)(4), 139b, and 167 of title 10, United States Code, made by section 922 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). TITLE IV—MILITARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Active Forces Sec. 401. End strengths for active forces. Sec. 402. Revisions in permanent active duty end strength minimum levels. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces Sec. 411. End strengths for Selected Reserve. Sec. 412. End strengths for reserves on active duty in support of the reserves. Sec. 413. End strengths for military technicians (dual status). Sec. 414. Maximum number of reserve personnel authorized to be on active duty for operational support. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 421. Military personnel. Subtitle A—Active Forces SEC. 401. END STRENGTHS FOR ACTIVE FORCES. 
The Armed Forces are authorized strengths for active duty personnel as of September 30, 2019, as follows: (1) The Army, 487,500. (2) The Navy, 335,400. (3) The Marine Corps, 186,100. (4) The Air Force, 329,100. 
SEC. 402. REVISIONS IN PERMANENT ACTIVE DUTY END STRENGTH MINIMUM LEVELS. 
Section 691(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (4) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) For the Army, 487,500. ‘‘(2) For the Navy, 335,400. ‘‘(3) For the Marine Corps, 186,100. ‘‘(4) For the Air Force, 329,100.’’. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Armed Forces are authorized strengths for Selected Reserve personnel of the reserve components as of September 30, 2019, as follows: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 343,500. (2) The Army Reserve, 199,500. (3) The Navy Reserve, 59,100. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 38,500. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 107,100. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 70,000. (7) The Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. (b) ENDSTRENGTH REDUCTIONS .—The end strengths prescribed by subsection (a) for the Selected Reserve of any reserve component shall be proportionately reduced by— (1) the total authorized strength of units organized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component which are on active duty (other than for training) at the end of the fiscal year; and (2) the total number of individual members not in units organized to serve as units of the Selected Reserve of such component who are on active duty (other than for training or for unsatisfactory participation in training) without their consent at the end of the fiscal year. (c) ENDSTRENGTH INCREASES .—Whenever units or individual members of the Selected Reserve of any reserve component are released from active duty during any fiscal year, the end strength prescribed for such fiscal year for the Selected Reserve of such reserve component shall be increased proportionately by the total authorized strengths of such units and by the total number of such individual members. 
SEC. 412. END STRENGTHS FOR RESERVES ON ACTIVE DUTY IN SUPPORT OF THE RESERVES. 
Within the end strengths prescribed in section 411(a), the reserve components of the Armed Forces are authorized, as of September 30, 2019, the following number of Reserves to be serving on fulltime active duty or fulltime duty, in the case of members of the National Guard, for the purpose of organizing, administering, recruiting, instructing, or training the reserve components: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 30,595. (2) The Army Reserve, 16,386. (3) The Navy Reserve, 10,110. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 2,261. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 19,861. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 3,849. 
SEC. 413. END STRENGTHS FOR MILITARY TECHNICIANS (DUAL STATUS). 
The minimum number of military technicians (dual status) as of the last day of fiscal year 2019 for the reserve components of the Army and the Air Force (notwithstanding section 129 of title 10, United States Code) shall be the following: (1) For the Army National Guard of the United States, 22,294. (2) For the Army Reserve, 6,492. (3) For the Air National Guard of the United States, 15,861. (4) For the Air Force Reserve, 8,880. 
SEC. 414. MAXIMUM NUMBER OF RESERVE PERSONNEL AUTHORIZED TO BE ON ACTIVE DUTY FOR OPERATIONAL SUPPORT. 
During fiscal year 2019, the maximum number of members of the reserve components of the Armed Forces who may be serving at any time on fulltime operational support duty under section 115(b) of title 10, United States Code, is the following: (1) The Army National Guard of the United States, 17,000. (2) The Army Reserve, 13,000. (3) The Navy Reserve, 6,200. (4) The Marine Corps Reserve, 3,000. (5) The Air National Guard of the United States, 16,000. (6) The Air Force Reserve, 14,000. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4401. (b) CONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORIZATION .—The authorization of appropriations in subsection (a) supersedes any other authorization of appropriations (definite or indefinite) for such purpose for fiscal year 2019. TITLE V—MILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy Sec. 501. Repeal of requirement for ability to complete 20 years of service by age 62 as qualification for original appointment as a regular commissioned officer. Sec. 502. Enhancement of availability of constructive service credit for private sector training or experience upon original appointment as a commissioned officer. Sec. 503. Standardized temporary promotion authority across the military departments for officers in certain grades with critical skills. Sec. 504. Authority for promotion boards to recommend officers of particular merit be placed higher on a promotion list. Sec. 505. Authority for officers to opt out of promotion board consideration. Sec. 506. Applicability to additional officer grades of authority for continuation on active duty of officers in certain military specialties and career tracks. Sec. 507. Alternative promotion authority for officers in designated competitive categories of officers. Sec. 508. Attending Physician to the Congress. Sec. 509. Matters relating to satisfactory service in grade for purposes of retirement grade of officers in highest grade of satisfactory service. Sec. 510. Grades of Chiefs of Chaplains. Sec. 511. Repeal of original appointment qualification requirement for warrant officers in the regular Army. Sec. 512. Reduction in number of years of active naval service required for permanent appointment as a limited duty officer. Sec. 513. Authority to designate certain reserve officers as not to be considered for selection for promotion. Sec. 514. GAO review of surface warfare career paths. Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management Sec. 515. Authorized strength and distribution in grade. Sec. 516. Repeal of prohibition on service on Army Reserve Forces Policy Committee by members on active duty. Sec. 517. Expansion of personnel subject to authority of the Chief of the National Guard Bureau in the execution of functions and missions of the National Guard Bureau. Sec. 518. Authority to adjust effective date of promotion in the event of undue delay in extending Federal recognition of promotion. Sec. 519. National Guard Youth Challenge Program. Sec. 520. Extension of authority for pilot program on use of retired senior enlisted members of the Army National Guard as Army National Guard recruiters. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities and Correction of Military Records Sec. 521. Enlistments vital to the national interest. Sec. 522. Statement of benefits. Sec. 523. Modification to forms of support that may be accepted in support of the mission of the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency. Sec. 524. Assessment of Navy standard workweek and related adjustments. Sec. 525. Notification on manning of afloat naval forces. Sec. 526. Navy watchstander records. Sec. 527. Qualification experience requirements for certain Navy watchstations. Subtitle D—Military Justice Sec. 531. Inclusion of strangulation and suffocation in conduct constituting aggravated assault for purposes of the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sec. 532. Punitive article on domestic violence under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Sec. 533. Authorities of Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces. Sec. 534. Report on feasibility of expanding services of the Special Victims’ Counsel to victims of domestic violence. Sec. 535. Uniform command action form on disposition of unrestricted sexual assault cases involving members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 536. Standardization of policies related to expedited transfer in cases of sexual assault or domestic violence. Subtitle E—Other Legal Matters Sec. 541. Clarification of expiration of term of appellate military judges of the United States Court of Military Commission Review. Sec. 542. Security clearance reinvestigation of certain personnel who commit certain offenses. Sec. 543. Development of oversight plan for implementation of Department of Defense harassment prevention and response policy. Sec. 544. Oversight of registered sex offender management program. Sec. 545. Development of resource guides regarding sexual assault for the military service academies. Sec. 546. Improved crime reporting. Sec. 547. Report on victims of sexual assault in reports of military criminal investigative organizations. Subtitle F—Member Education, Training, Resilience, and Transition Sec. 551. Permanent career intermission program. Sec. 552. Improvements to Transition Assistance Program. Sec. 553. Repeal of program on encouragement of postseparation public and community service. Sec. 554. Clarification of application and honorable service requirements under the TroopstoTeachers Program to members of the Retired Reserve. Sec. 555. Employment and compensation of civilian faculty members at the Joint Special Operations University. Sec. 556. Program to assist members of the Armed Forces in obtaining professional credentials. Sec. 557. Enhancement of authorities in connection with Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs. Sec. 558. Expansion of period of availability of Military OneSource program for retired and discharged members of the Armed Forces and their immediate families. Sec. 559. Prohibition on use of funds for attendance of enlisted personnel at senior level and intermediate level officer professional military education courses. Subtitle G—Defense Dependents’ Education Sec. 561. Assistance to schools with military dependent students. Sec. 562. Department of Defense Education Activity policies and procedures on sexual harassment of students of Activity schools. Sec. 563. Department of Defense Education Activity misconduct database. Sec. 564. Assessment and report on active shooter threat mitigation at schools located on military installations. Subtitle H—Military Family Readiness Matters Sec. 571. Department of Defense Military Family Readiness Council matters. Sec. 572. Enhancement and clarification of family support services for family members of members of special operations forces. Sec. 573. Temporary expansion of authority for noncompetitive appointments of military spouses by Federal agencies. Sec. 574. Improvement of My Career Advancement Account program for military spouses. Sec. 575. Assessment and report on the effects of permanent changes of station on employment among military spouses. Sec. 576. Provisional or interim clearances to provide childcare services at military childcare centers. 
Sec. 577. Multidisciplinary teams for military installations on child abuse and other domestic violence. Sec. 578. Pilot program for military families: prevention of child abuse and training on safe childcare practices. Sec. 579. Assessment and report on small business activities of military spouses on military installations in the United States. Subtitle I—Decorations and Awards Sec. 581. Atomic veterans service certificate. Sec. 582. Award of medals or other commendations to handlers of military working dogs. Sec. 583. Authorization for award of distinguishedservice cross to Justin T. Gallegos for acts of valor during Operation Enduring Freedom. Subtitle J—Miscellaneous Reports and Other Matters Sec. 591. Annual defense manpower requirements report matters. Sec. 592. Burial of unclaimed remains of inmates at the United States Disciplinary Barracks Cemetery, Fort Leavenworth, Kansas. Sec. 593. Standardization of frequency of academy visits of the Air Force Academy Board of Visitors with academy visits of boards of other military service academies. Sec. 594. National Commission on Military, National, and Public Service matters. Sec. 595. Public availability of topline numbers of deployed members of the Armed Forces. Sec. 596. Report on general and flag officer costs. Sec. 597. Study on active service obligations for medical training with other service obligations for education or training and health professional recruiting. Sec. 598. Criteria for interment at Arlington National Cemetery. Sec. 599. Limitation on use of funds pending submittal of report on Army Marketing and Advertising Program. Sec. 600. Proof of period of military service for purposes of interest rate limitation under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act. Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy 
SEC. 501. REPEAL OF REQUIREMENT FOR ABILITY TO COMPLETE 20 YEARS OF SERVICE BY AGE 62 AS QUALIFICATION FOR ORIGINAL APPOINTMENT AS A REGULAR COMMISSIONED OFFICER. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Subsection (a) of section 532 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2); and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (2), (3), and (4), respectively. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Such section is further amended by striking subsection (d). (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to original appointments of regular commissioned officers of the Armed Forces made on or after that date. 
SEC. 502. ENHANCEMENT OF AVAILABILITY OF CONSTRUCTIVE SERVICE CREDIT FOR PRIVATE SECTOR TRAINING OR EXPERIENCE UPON ORIGINAL APPOINTMENT AS A COMMISSIONED OFFICER. 
(a) R EGULAR OFFICERS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 533 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subparagraph (D) and inserting the following new subparagraph (D): ‘‘(D) Additional credit for special training or experience in a particular officer career field as designated by the Secretary concerned, if such training or experience is directly related to the operational needs of the armed force concerned.’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Except as authorized by the Secretary concerned in individual cases and under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense in the case of a medical or dental officer, the amount’’ and inserting ‘‘The amount’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘in the grade of major in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps or lieutenant commander in the Navy’’ and inserting ‘‘in the grade of colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps or captain in the Navy’’. (2) REPEAL OF TEMPORARY AUTHORITY FOR  
CYBERSPACE RELATED EXPERIENCE .—Such section is further amended— (A) in subsections (a)(2) and (c), by striking ‘‘or (g)’’; and (B) by striking subsection (g). (b) RESERVE OFFICERS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 12207 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking subparagraph (D) and inserting the following new subparagraph (D): ‘‘(D) Additional credit for special training or experience in a particular officer career field as designated by the Secretary concerned, if such training or experience is directly related to the operational needs of the armed force concerned.’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3) The amount of constructive service credit credited to an officer under this subsection may not exceed the amount required in order for the officer to be eligible for an original appointment as a reserve officer of the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps in the grade of colonel or as a reserve officer of the Navy in the grade of captain.’’. (2) REPEAL OF TEMPORARY AUTHORITY FOR  
CYBERSPACE RELATED EXPERIENCE .—Such section is further amended— (A) by striking subsection (e); (B) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (C) in subsection (e), as redesignated by subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘, (d), or (e)’’ and inserting ‘‘or (d)’’. 
SEC. 503. STANDARDIZED TEMPORARY PROMOTION AUTHORITY ACROSS THE MILITARY DEPARTMENTS FOR OFFICERS IN CERTAIN GRADES WITH CRITICAL SKILLS. 
(a) S TANDARDIZED TEMPORARY PROMOTION  AUTHORITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 35 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 605. Promotion to certain grades for officers with critical skills: colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, captain; captain, commander, lieutenant commander, lieutenant ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—An officer in the grade of first lieutenant, captain, major, or lieutenant colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieutenant (junior grade), lieutenant, lieutenant commander, or commander in the Navy, who is described in subsection (b) may be temporarily promoted to the grade of captain, major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieutenant, lieutenant commander, commander, or captain in the Navy, as applicable, under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the military department concerned. Appointments under this section shall be made by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate. ‘‘(b) COVERED OFFICERS .—An officer described in this subsection is any officer in a grade specified in subsection (a) who— ‘‘(1) has a skill in which the armed force concerned has a critical shortage of personnel (as determined by the Secretary of the military department concerned); and ‘‘(2) is serving in a position (as determined by the Secretary of the military department concerned) that— ‘‘(A) is designated to be held by a captain, major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieutenant, lieutenant commander, commander, or captain in the Navy, as applicable; and ‘‘(B) requires that an officer serving in such position have the skill possessed by such officer. ‘‘(c) PRESERVATION OF POSITION AND STATUS  
OFOFFICERS APPOINTED .—An appointment under this section does not change the position on the activeduty list or the permanent, probationary, or acting status of the officer so appointed, prejudice the officer in regard to other promotions or appointments, or abridge the rights or benefits of the officer. ‘‘(d) BOARD RECOMMENDATION REQUIRED .—A temporary promotion under this section may be made only upon the recommendation of a board of officers convened by the Secretary of the military department concerned for the purpose of recommending officers for such promotions. ‘‘(e) ACCEPTANCE AND EFFECTIVE DATE OF APPOINTMENT .—Each appointment under this section, unless expressly declined, is, without formal acceptance, regarded as accepted on the date such appointment is made, and a member so appointed is entitled to the pay and allowances of the grade of the temporary promotion under this section from the date the appointment is made. ‘‘(f) TERMINATION OF APPOINTMENT .—Unless sooner terminated, an appointment under this section terminates— ‘‘(1) on the date the officer who received the appointment is promoted to the permanent grade of captain, major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieutenant, lieutenant commander, commander, or captain in the Navy; or ‘‘(2) on the date the officer is detached from a position described in subsection (b)(2), unless the officer is on a promotion list to the permanent grade of captain, major, lieutenant colonel, or colonel in the Army, Air Force, or Marine Corps, or lieutenant, lieutenant commander, commander, or captain in the Navy, in which case the appointment terminates on the date the officer is promoted to that grade. ‘‘(g) LIMITATION ON NUMBER OF ELIGIBLE POSITIONS .—An appointment under this section may only be made for service in a position designated by the Secretary of the military department concerned for the purposes of this section. The number of positions so designated may not exceed the following: ‘‘(1) In the case of the Army— ‘‘(A) as captain, 120; ‘‘(B) as major, 350; ‘‘(C) as lieutenant colonel, 200; and ‘‘(D) as colonel, 100. ‘‘(2) In the case of the Air Force— ‘‘(A) as captain, 100; ‘‘(B) as major, 325; ‘‘(C) as lieutenant colonel, 175; and ‘‘(D) as colonel, 80. ‘‘(3) In the case of the Marine Corps— ‘‘(A) as captain, 50; ‘‘(B) as major, 175; ‘‘(C) as lieutenant colonel, 100; and ‘‘(D) as colonel, 50. ‘‘(4) In the case of the Navy— ‘‘(A) as lieutenant, 100; ‘‘(B) as lieutenant commander, 325; ‘‘(C) as commander, 175; and ‘‘(D) as captain, 80.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 35 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: 
‘‘605. Promotion to certain grades for officers with critical skills: colonel, lieutenant colonel, major, captain; captain, commander, lieutenant commander, lieutenant.’’. (b) REPEAL OF SUPERSEDED AUTHORITY APPLICABLE TO NAVYLIEUTENANTS .— (1) REPEAL .—Chapter 544 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The tables of chapters at the beginning of title 10, United States Code, and at the beginning of subtitle C of such title, are each amended by striking the item relating to chapter 544. 
SEC. 504. AUTHORITY FOR PROMOTION BOARDS TO RECOMMEND OFFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT BE PLACED HIGHER ON A PROMOTION LIST. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 616 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g)(1) In selecting the officers to be recommended for promotion, a selection board may, when authorized by the Secretary of the military department concerned, recommend officers of particular merit, from among those officers selected for promotion, to be placed higher on the promotion list established by the Secretary under section 624(a)(1) of this title. ‘‘(2) An officer may be recommended to be placed higher on a promotion list under paragraph (1) only if the officer receives the recommendation of at least a majority of the members of the board, unless the Secretary concerned establishes an alternative requirement. Any such alternative requirement shall be furnished to the board as part of the guidelines furnished to the board under section 615 of this title. ‘‘(3) For the officers recommended to be placed higher on a promotion list under paragraph (1), the board shall recommend the order in which those officers should be placed on the list.’’. (b) PROMOTION SELECTION BOARD REPORTS  RECOMMENDING OFFICERS OF PARTICULAR  MERIT BEPLACED HIGHER ON PROMOTION  LIST.—Section 617 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) A selection board convened under section 611(a) of this title shall, when authorized under section 616(g) of this title, include in its report to the Secretary concerned the names of those officers recommended by the board to be placed higher on the promotion list and the order in which the board recommends that those officers should be placed on the list.’’. (c) OFFICERS OF PARTICULAR MERIT APPEAR ING HIGHER ON PROMOTION LIST.—Section 624(a)(1) of such title is amended in the first sentence by adding at the end ‘‘or based on particular merit, as determined by the promotion board’’. 
SEC. 505. AUTHORITY FOR OFFICERS TO OPT OUT OF PROMOTION BOARD CONSIDERATION. 
(a) A CTIVE DUTYLISTOFFICERS .—Section 619 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) An officer excluded under subsection (e).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) AUTHORITY TOALLOW OFFICERS TOOPT OUT OF SELECTION BOARD CONSIDERATION .—(1) The Secretary of a military department may provide that an officer under the jurisdiction of the Secretary may, upon the officer’s request and with the approval of the Secretary, be excluded from consideration by a selection board convened under section 611(a) of this title to consider officers for promotion to the next higher grade. ‘‘(2) The Secretary concerned may only approve a request under paragraph (1) if— ‘‘(A) the basis for the request is to allow an officer to complete a broadening assignment, advanced education, another assignment of significant value to the Department, or a career progression requirement delayed by the assignment or education; ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines the exclusion from consideration is in the best interest of the military department concerned; and ‘‘(C) the officer has not previously failed of selection for promotion to the grade for which the officer requests the exclusion from consideration.’’. (b) RESERVE ACTIVE STATUS LISTOFFICERS .— Section 14301 of such title is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘PREVIOUSLY SELECTED OFFICERS NOTELIGIBLE’’ and inserting ‘‘C ERTAIN OFFICERS NOT’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) An officer excluded under subsection (j).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) AUTHORITY TOALLOW OFFICERS TOOPT OUT OF SELECTION BOARD CONSIDERATION .—(1) The Secretary of a military department may provide that an officer under the jurisdiction of the Secretary may, upon the officer’s request and with the approval of the Secretary, be excluded from consideration by a selection board convened under section 14101(a) of this title to consider officers for promotion to the next higher grade. ‘‘(2) The Secretary concerned may only approve a request under paragraph (1) if— ‘‘(A) the basis for the request is to allow an officer to complete a broadening assignment, advanced education, another assignment of significant value to the Department, or a career progression requirement delayed by the assignment or education; ‘‘(B) the Secretary determines the exclusion from consideration is in the best interest of the military department concerned; and ‘‘(C) the officer has not previously failed of selection for promotion to the grade for which the officer requests the exclusion from consideration.’’. 
SEC. 506. APPLICABILITY TO ADDITIONAL OFFICER GRADES OF AUTHORITY FOR CONTINUATION ON ACTIVE DUTY OF OFFICERS IN CERTAIN MILITARY SPECIALTIES AND CAREER TRACKS. 
Section 637a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘grade O–4’’ and inserting ‘‘grade O–2’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘632,’’ before ‘‘633,’’. 
SEC. 507. ALTERNATIVE PROMOTION AUTHORITY FOR OFFICERS IN DESIGNATED COMPETITIVE CATEGORIES OF OFFICERS. 
(a) A LTERNATIVE PROMOTION AUTHORITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 36 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subchapter: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER VI—ALTERNATIVE PROMOTION AUTHORITY FOR OFFICERS IN DESIGNATED COMPETITIVE CATEGORIES ‘‘Sec. ‘‘649a. Officers in designated competitive categories. ‘‘649b. Selection for promotion. ‘‘649c. Eligibility for consideration for promotion. ‘‘649d. Opportunities for consideration for promotion. ‘‘649e. Promotions. ‘‘649f. Failure of selection for promotion. ‘‘649g. Retirement: retirement for years of service; selective early retirement. ‘‘649h. Continuation on active duty. ‘‘649i. Continuation on active duty: officers in certain military specialties and career tracks. ‘‘649j. Other administrative authorities. ‘‘649k. Regulations. ‘‘§ 649a. Officers in designated competitive categories ‘‘(a) AUTHORITY TODESIGNATE COMPETITIVE  CATEGORIES OF OFFICERS .—Each Secretary of a military department may designate one or more competitive categories for promotion of officers under section 621 of this title that are under the jurisdiction of such Secretary as a competitive category of officers whose promotion, retirement, and continuation on active duty shall be subject to the provisions of this subchapter. ‘‘(b) LIMITATION ON EXERCISE OF AUTHOR ITY.—The Secretary of a military department may not designate a competitive category of officers for purposes of this subchapter until 60 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the designation of the competitive category. The report on the designation of a competitive category shall set forth the following: ‘‘(1) A detailed description of officer requirements for officers within the competitive category. ‘‘(2) An explanation of the number of opportunities for consideration for promotion to each particular grade, and an estimate of promotion timing, within the competitive category. ‘‘(3) An estimate of the size of the promotion zone for each grade within the competitive category. ‘‘(4) A description of any other matters the Secretary considered in determining to designate the competitive category for purposes of this subchapter. ‘‘§ 649b. Selection for promotion ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Except as provided in this section, the selection for promotion of officers in any competitive category of officers designated for purposes of this subchapter shall be governed by the provisions of subchapter I of this chapter. ‘‘(b) NORECOMMENDATION FOR PROMOTION OF  OFFICERS BELOW PROMOTION ZONE.—Section 616(b) of this title shall not apply to the selection for promotion of officers described in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) RECOMMENDATION FOR OFFICERS TOBE EXCLUDED FROM FUTURE CONSIDERATION FOR  PROMOTION .—In making recommendations pursuant to section 616 of this title for purposes of the administration of this subchapter, a selection board convened under section 611(a) of this title may recommend that an officer considered by the board be excluded from future consideration for promotion under this chapter. ‘‘§ 649c. Eligibility for consideration for promotion ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Except as provided by this section, eligibility for promotion of officers in any competitive category of officers designated for purposes of this subchapter shall be governed by the provisions of section 619 of this title. ‘‘(b) INAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN TIMEIN 
GRADE REQUIREMENTS .—Paragraphs (2) through (4) of section 619(a) of this title shall not apply to the promotion of officers described in subsection (a). ‘‘(c) INAPPLICABILITY TO OFFICERS ABOVE AND  BELOW PROMOTION ZONE.—The following provisions of section 619(c) of this title shall not apply to the promotion of officers described in subsection (a): ‘‘(1) The reference in paragraph (1) of that section to an officer above the promotion zone. ‘‘(2) Paragraph (2)(A) of that section. ‘‘(d) INELIGIBILITY OF CERTAIN OFFICERS .— The following officers are not eligible for promotion under this subchapter: ‘‘(1) An officer described in section 619(d) of this title. ‘‘(2) An officer not included within the promotion zone. ‘‘(3) An officer who has failed of promotion to a higher grade the maximum number of times 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 41 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting before section 716 the following new section: ‘‘§ 715. Attending Physician to the Congress: grade ‘‘A general officer serving as Attending Physician to the Congress, while so serving, holds the grade of major general. A flag officer serving as Attending Physician to the Congress, while so serving, holds the grade of rear admiral (upper half).’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 716 the following new item: ‘‘715. Attending Physician to the Congress: grade’’. 
SEC. 509. MATTERS RELATING TO SATISFACTORY SERVICE IN GRADE FOR PURPOSES OF RETIREMENT GRADE OF OFFICERS IN HIGHEST GRADE OF SATISFACTORY SERVICE. 
OFSATISFACTORY SERVICE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subsection (a)(1) of section 1370 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentences: ‘‘When an officer is under investigation for alleged misconduct at the time of retirement, the Secretary concerned may conditionally determine the highest grade of satisfactory service of the officer pending completion of the investigation. Such grade is subject to resolution under subsection (b)(3).’’. (2) OFFICERS IN O –9 AND O –10 GRADES .—Sub section (c) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The Secretary of Defense may make a conditional certification regarding satisfactory service in grade under paragraph (1) with respect to an officer under that paragraph notwithstanding the fact that there is pending the disposition of an adverse personnel action against the officer for alleged misconduct. The retired grade of an officer following such a conditional certification is subject to resolution under subsection (b)(3).’’. (3) RESERVE OFFICERS .—Subsection (d)(1) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new sentences: ‘‘When an officer is under investigation for alleged misconduct at the time of retirement, the Secretary concerned may conditionally determine the highest grade of satisfactory service of the officer pending completion of the investigation. Such grade is subject to resolution under subsection (b)(3).’’. (b) CODIFICATION OF LOWERED GRADE FOR RETIRED OFFICERS OR PERSONS WHOCOMMITTED  MISCONDUCT IN A LOWER GRADE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘NEXT’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘An’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(2) In the case of an officer or person whom the Secretary concerned determines committed misconduct in a lower grade, the Secretary concerned may determine the officer or person has not served satisfactorily in any grade equal to or higher than that lower grade. ‘‘(3) A determination or certification of the retired grade of an officer shall be resolved following a conditional determination under subsection (a)(1) or (d)(1) or conditional certification under subsection (c)(4), if the investigation of or personnel action against the officer, as applicable, results in adverse findings. If the retired grade of an officer is reduced, the retired pay of the officer under chapter 71 of this title shall be recalculated, and any modification of the retired pay of the officer shall go into effect on the effective date of the reduction in retired grade.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such section is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘higher’’ and inserting ‘‘different’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subject to paragraph (2) and subsection (b)’’; (B) in subsection (c)(1), by striking ‘‘An officer’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (b), an officer’’; and (C) in subsection (d)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘higher’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘different’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, subject to subsection (b),’’ before ‘‘shall’’. (c) FINALITY OF RETIRED GRADE DETERMINA TIONS .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) FINALITY OF RETIRED GRADE DETERMINA TIONS .—(1) Except as otherwise provided by law, a determination or certification of the retired grade of an officer pursuant to this section is administratively final on the day the officer is retired, and may not be reopened. ‘‘(2) A determination or certification of the retired grade of an officer may be reopened as follows: ‘‘(A) If the retirement or retired grade of the officer was procured by fraud. ‘‘(B) If substantial evidence comes to light after the retirement that could have led to a lower retired grade under this section if known by competent authority at the time of retirement. ‘‘(C) If a mistake of law or calculation was made in the determination of the retired grade. ‘‘(D) In the case of a retired grade following a conditional determination under subsection (a)(1) or (d)(1) or conditional certification under subsection (c)(4), if the investigation of or personnel action against the officer, as applicable, results in adverse findings. ‘‘(E) If the Secretary concerned determines, pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense, that good cause exists to reopen the determination or certification. ‘‘(3) If a determination or certification of the retired grade of an officer is reopened, the Secretary concerned— ‘‘(A) shall notify the officer of the reopening; and ‘‘(B) may not make an adverse determination on the retired grade of the officer until the officer has had a reasonable opportunity to respond regarding the basis of the reopening. ‘‘(4) If a certification of the retired grade of an officer covered by subsection (c) is reopened, the Secretary concerned shall also notify the President and Congress of the reopening. ‘‘(5) If the retired grade of an officer is reduced through the reopening of the officer’s retired grade, the retired pay of the officer under chapter 71 of this title shall be recalculated, and any modification of the retired pay of the officer shall go into effect on the effective date of the reduction of the officer’s retired grade.’’. 
(a) A RMY.—Section 3073 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(a)’’ before ‘‘There’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) The Chief of Chaplains, while so serving, holds the grade of major general.’’. (b) NAVY.—Section 5142 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) The Chief of Chaplains, while so serving, holds the grade of rear admiral (upper half).’’. (c) AIRFORCE.—Section 8039 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(c) GRADE OF CHIEF OF CHAPLAINS .—The Chief of Chaplains, while so serving, holds the grade of major general.’’. 
SEC. 511. REPEAL OF ORIGINAL APPOINTMENT QUALIFICATION REQUIREMENT FOR WARRANT OFFICERS IN THE REGULAR ARMY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3310 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 335 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 3310. 
SEC. 512. REDUCTION IN NUMBER OF YEARS OF ACTIVE NAVAL SERVICE REQUIRED FOR PERMANENT APPOINTMENT AS A LIMITED DUTY OFFICER. 
Section 5589(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘10 years’’ and inserting ‘‘8 years’’. 
SEC. 513. AUTHORITY TO DESIGNATE CERTAIN RESERVE OFFICERS AS NOT TO BE CONSIDERED FOR SELECTION FOR PROMOTION. 
Section 14301 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 505, is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(k) CERTAIN OFFICERS NOT TO BECONSID ERED FOR SELECTION FOR PROMOTION .—The Sec retary of the military department concerned may provide that an officer who is in an active status, but is in a duty status in which the only points the officer accrues under section 12732(a)(2) of this title are pursuant to subparagraph (C)(i) of that section (relating to membership in a reserve component), shall not be considered for selection for promotion until completion of two years of service in such duty status. Any such officer may remain on the reserve activestatus list.’’. 
SEC. 514. GAO REVIEW OF SURFACE WARFARE CAREER PATHS. 
(a) GAO R EVIEW .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of Navy surface warfare career paths. (b) ELEMENTS .—The review under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of current and previous career paths for officers in the regular and reserve components of the Navy that are related to surface warfare, including career paths for— (A) unrestricted line officers; (B) limited duty officers; (C) engineering duty officers; and (D) warrant officers. (2) Any prior study that examined career paths described in paragraph (1). (3) The current and historical personnel levels (fit/fill rates) and deployment tempos aboard naval vessels for each of the career paths described in paragraph (1). (4) A comparison of the career paths of surface warfare officers with the career paths of surface warfare officers of foreign navies including— (A) initial training; (B) followon training; (C) career milestones; (D) qualification standards; and (E) watch standing requirements. (5) Any other matter the Comptroller General determines appropriate. (c) DEADLINES .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Comptroller General shall brief the congressional defense committees on the preliminary findings of the study under this section. The Comptroller General shall submit a final report to the congressional defense committees as soon as practicable after such briefing. Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management 
(a) S TRENGTH AND GRADE AUTHORIZATIONS .— Section 12011(a) of title 10, United States Code is amended by striking those parts of the table pertaining to the Air National Guard and inserting the following: 
‘‘Air National Guard: Major Lieutenant Colonel Colonel 10,000 ............ 763 745 333 12,000 ............ 915 923 377 14,000 ............ 1,065 1,057 402 16,000 ............ 1,211 1,185 426 18,000 ............ 1,347 1,313 450 
‘‘Air National Guard: Major Lieutenant Colonel Colonel l20,000 ........... 1,463 1,440 468 22,000 ............ 1,606 1,569 494 24,000 ............ 1,739 1,697 517 26,000 ............ 1,872 1,825 539 28,000 ............ 2,005 1,954 562 30,000 ............ 2,138 2,082 585 32,000 ............ 2,271 2,210 608 34,000 ............ 2,404 2,338 630 36,000 ............ 2,537 2,466 653 38,000 ............ 2,670 2,595 676 40,000 ............ 2,803 2,723 698’’. 
(b) S TRENGTH AND GRADE AUTHORIZATIONS .— Section 12012(a) of title 10, United States Code is amended by striking those parts of the table pertaining to the Air National Guard and inserting the following: 
Section 10302 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘not on active duty’’ each place it appears; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘of the reserve components’’ after ‘‘among the members’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘not on active duty’’. 
SEC. 517. EXPANSION OF PERSONNEL SUBJECT TO AUTHORITY OF THE CHIEF OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU IN THE EXECUTION OF FUNCTIONS AND MISSIONS OF THE NATIONAL GUARD BUREAU. 
Section 10508(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sections 2103,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of title 32,’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 2102, 2103, 2105, and 3101 of title 5, subchapter IV of chapter 53 of title 5, or section 328 of title 32,’’. 
SEC. 518. AUTHORITY TO ADJUST EFFECTIVE DATE OF PROMOTION IN THE EVENT OF UNDUE DELAY IN EXTENDING FEDERAL RECOGNITION OF PROMOTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 14308(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘The effective date of promotion’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) If the Secretary concerned determines that there was an undue delay in extending Federal recognition in the next higher grade in the Army National Guard or the Air National Guard to a reserve commissioned officer of the Army or the Air Force, and the delay was not attributable to the action (or inaction) of such officer, the effective date of the promotion concerned under paragraph (1) may be adjusted to a date determined by the Secretary concerned, but not earlier than the effective date of the State promotion.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and shall apply with respect to promotions of officers whose State effective date is on or after that date. 
Section 509(h) of title 32, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Equipment and facilities of the Department of Defense may be used by the National Guard for purposes of carrying out the Program.’’. SEC. 520. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR PILOT PROGRAM ON USE OF RETIRED SENIOR ENLISTED MEMBERS OF THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD AS ARMY NATIONAL GUARD RECRUITERS. 
Section 514 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’; and (2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities and Correction of Military Records 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 504(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and subject to paragraph (3),’’ after ‘‘Notwithstanding paragraph (1),’’; (B) by striking ‘‘enlistment is vital to the national interest.’’ and inserting ‘‘person possesses a critical skill or expertise—’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(A) that is vital to the national interest; and ‘‘(B) that the person will use in the primary daily duties of that person as a member of the armed forces.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph (3): ‘‘(3)(A) No person who enlists under paragraph (2) may report to initial training until after the Secretary concerned has completed all required background investigations and security and suitability screening as determined by the Secretary of Defense regarding that person. ‘‘(B) A Secretary concerned may not authorize more than 1,000 enlistments under paragraph (2) per military department in a calendar year until after— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of Defense submits to Congress written notice of the intent of that Secretary concerned to authorize more than 1,000 such enlistments in a calendar year; and ‘‘(ii) a period of 30 days has elapsed after the date on which Congress receives the notice.’’. (b) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2019, and annually thereafter for each of the subsequent four years, the Secretary concerned shall submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services and the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representatives regarding persons who enter into enlistment contracts under section 504(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a). (2) ELEMENTS .—Each report under this subsection shall include the following: (A) The number of such persons who have entered into such contracts during the preceding calendar year. (B) How many such persons have successfully completed background investigations and vetting procedures. (C) How many such persons have begun initial training. (D) The skills that are vital to the national interest that such persons possess. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 58 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 1155. Statement of benefits ‘‘(a) BEFORE SEPARATION .—Not later than 30 days before a member retires, is released, is discharged, or otherwise separates from the armed forces (or as soon as is practicable in the case of an unanticipated separation), the Secretary concerned shall provide that member with a current assessment of all benefits to which that member may be entitled under laws administered by— ‘‘(1) the Secretary of Defense; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(b) STATEMENT FOR RESERVES .—The Sec retary concerned shall provide a member of a reserve component with a current assessment of benefits described in subsection (a) upon release of that member from active duty.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1154 the following new item: ‘‘1155. Statement of benefits.’’. 
SEC. 523. MODIFICATION TO FORMS OF SUPPORT THAT MAY BE ACCEPTED IN SUPPORT OF THE MISSION OF THE DEFENSE POW/MIA ACCOUNTING AGENCY. 
(a) P UBLIC PRIVATE PARTNERSHIPS .—Sub section (a) of section 1501a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘An employee of an entity outside the Government that has entered into a publicprivate partnership, cooperative agreement, or a grant arrangement with, or in direct support of, the designated Defense Agency under this section shall be considered to be an employee of the Federal Government by reason of participation in such partnership, cooperative agreement, or grant, only for the purposes of section 552a of title 5 (relating to maintenance of records on individuals).’’. (b) AUTHORITY TO ACCEPT GIFTS IN SUPPORT  
OFMISSION TO ACCOUNT FOR MISSING PERSONS  FROM PASTCONFLICTS .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively; (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) ACCEPTANCE OF GIFTS.— ‘‘(1) AUTHORITY TO ACCEPT .—Subject to subsection (f)(2), the Secretary may accept, hold, administer, spend, and use any gift of personal property, money, or services made on the condition that the gift be used for the purpose of facilitating accounting for missing persons pursuant to section 1501(a)(2)(C) of this title. ‘‘(2) GIFT FUNDS .—Gifts and bequests of money accepted under this subsection shall be deposited in the Treasury in the Department of Defense General Gift Fund. ‘‘(3) USE OF GIFTS .—Personal property and money accepted under this subsection may be used by the Secretary, and services accepted under this subsection may be performed, without further specific authorization in law. ‘‘(4) EXPENSES OF TRANSFER .—The Secretary may pay all necessary expenses in connection with the conveyance or transfer of a gift accepted under this subsection. ‘‘(5) EXPENSES OF CARE .—The Secretary may pay all reasonable and necessary expenses in connection with the care of a gift accepted under this subsection.’’; and (3) by adding at the end of subsection (g), as redesignated by paragraph (1) of this subsection, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) GIFT.—The term ‘gift’ includes a devise or bequest.’’. (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (a) of such section is further amended by striking ‘‘subsection (e)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)(1)’’. 
SEC. 524. ASSESSMENT OF NAVY STANDARD WORKWEEK AND RELATED ADJUSTMENTS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall— (1) complete a comprehensive assessment of the standard workweek of the Navy; (2) carry out the activities required under subsections (b) and (c). 
(b) A DJUSTMENTS .—The Secretary of the Navy shall— (1) update instruction 1000.16L of the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations titled ‘‘Navy Total Force Manpower Policies and Procedures’’ in order to— (A) analyze and quantify current inport workloads; and (B) based on the analysis carried out pursuant to subparagraph (A), identify the manpower necessary to execute inport workloads for all surface ship classes; (2) update the criteria set forth in the instruction that are used to reassess the factors for calculating manpower requirements periodically or when conditions change; and (3) taking into account the updates required by paragraphs (1) and (2), identify personnel needs and costs associated with the planned larger size of the Navy fleet. (c) ADDED DEMANDS .—The Secretary of the Navy shall identify and quantify any increased or new requirements with respect to Navy ship crews, including Ready, Relevant Learning training periods and additional work that affects readiness and technical qualifications for Navy ship crews. 
SEC. 525. NOTIFICATION ON MANNING OF AFLOAT NAVAL FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy shall notify the congressional defense committees, in writing, not later than 15 days after any of the following conditions are met: (1) The manning fit for a covered ship is less than 87 percent. (2) The manning fill for a covered ship is less than 90 percent. (b) NOTIFICATION REQUIRED .—The notification required by subsection (a) shall include, with respect to a covered ship, the following: (1) The name and hull number of the ship. (2) The homeport location of the ship. (3) The current manning fit and fill of the ship. (4) The lowest levels of manning fit and fill projected for the ship and the date on which such levels are expected to occur. (5) The projected date on which the Navy will achieve a manning fit and fill at least 87 percent and 90 percent, respectively, for the ship. (6) The projected date on which the Navy will achieve a manning fit and fill of at least 92 percent and 95 percent, respectively, for the ship. (7) A description of any reasons the Navy will not achieve manning fit and fill of at least 87 percent and 90 percent, respectively, for the ship, including a detailed description of the specific ratings or skillset areas that must be manned to achieve those percentages. (8) A description of corrective actions the Navy is taking to improve manning fit or manning fill on the ship. (c) SPECIAL RULE.—For purposes of determining whether a percentage of manning fit or manning fill has been achieved, a sailor in a more senior paygrade may count as filling the billet of a more junior paygrade, but a sailor in a more junior paygrade may not count as filling the billet of a more senior paygrade. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) MANNING FIT .—The term ‘‘manning fit’’ means the skills (rating), specialty skills (Navy Enlisted Classifications), and experience (paygrade) for the ship as compared with the billets authorized for such skills and experience. (2) MANNING FILL .—The term ‘‘manning fill’’, in the case of a ship, means the total number of military personnel assigned to the ship by rating when compared with the billets authorized for the ship by rating. (3) COVERED SHIP .—The term ‘‘covered ship’’ means a commissioned battle force ship that is included in the battle force count of the Naval Vessel Register. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy shall require that, commencing not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, key watchstanders on Navy surface ships shall maintain a career record of watchstanding hours and specific operational evolutions. (b) KEYWATCHSTANDER DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘key watchstander’’ means each of the following: (1) Officer of the Deck. (2) Engineering Officer of the Watch. (3) Conning Officer or Piloting Officer. (4) Any other officer specified by the Secretary for purposes of this section. (c) BRIEFINGS OF CONGRESS .— (1) INITIAL BRIEFING .—Not later than 150 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the plan of the Secretary for the maintenance of watchstander records, including updates to policy documents. (2) UPDATE BRIEFINGS .—Not later than one year after the briefing pursuant to paragraph (1), and annually thereafter for the next two years, the Secretary shall provide to the committees of Congress referred to in that paragraph an update briefing on the status of the implementation of the plan described in that paragraph. 
SEC. 527. QUALIFICATION EXPERIENCE REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN NAVY WATCHSTATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date the of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the adequacy of individual training for certain watchstations, including any planned or recommended changes in qualification standards for such watchstations. (b) WATCHSTATIONS .—The watchstations covered by the report required by subsection (a) are the following: (1) Officer of the Deck. (2) Combat Information Center Watch Officer. (3) Tactical Action Officer. (4) Engineering Officer of the Watch. (5) Conning Officer or Piloting Officer. Subtitle D—Military Justice 
SEC. 531. INCLUSION OF STRANGULATION AND SUFFOCATION IN CONDUCT CONSTITUTING AGGRAVATED ASSAULT FOR PURPOSES OF THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 928 of title 10, United States Code (article 128 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (2), by adding ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) who commits an assault by strangulation or suffocation;’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on January 1, 2019, immediately after the coming into effect of the amendment made by section 5441 of the Military Justice Act of 2016 (division E of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2954) as provided in section 5542 of that Act (130 Stat. 2967; 10 U.S.C. 801 note). 
SEC. 532. PUNITIVE ARTICLE ON DOMESTIC VIOLENCE UNDER THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE. 
(a) P UNITIVE ARTICLE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), is amended by inserting after section 928a (article 128a) the following new section (article): ‘‘§ 928b. Art. 128b. ‘‘Any person who— ‘‘(1) commits a violent offense against a spouse, an intimate partner, or an immediate family member of that person; ‘‘(2) with intent to threaten or intimidate a spouse, an intimate partner, or an immediate family member of that person— ‘‘(A) commits an offense under this chapter against any person; or ‘‘(B) commits an offense under this chapter against any property, including an animal; ‘‘(3) with intent to threaten or intimidate a spouse, an intimate partner, or an immediate family member of that person, violates a protection order; ‘‘(4) with intent to commit a violent offense against a spouse, an intimate partner, or an immediate family member of that person, violates a protection order; or ‘‘(5) assaults a spouse, an intimate partner, or an immediate family member of that person by strangling or suffocating; shall be punished as a courtmartial may direct.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter X of chapter 47 of such title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice) is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 928a (article 128a) the following new item: ‘‘928b. 128b. Domestic violence.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on January 1, 2019, immediately after the coming into effect of the amendments made by the Military Justice Act of 2016 (division E of Public Law 114–328) as provided in section 5542 of that Act (130 Stat. 2967; 10 U.S.C. 801 note). 
SEC. 533. AUTHORITIES OF DEFENSE ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INVESTIGATION, PROSECUTION, AND DEFENSE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 546 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection (d): ‘‘(d) AUTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) HEARINGS .—The Advisory Committee may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the committee considers appropriate to carry out its duties under this section. ‘‘(2) INFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— Upon request by the chair of the Advisory Committee, a department or agency of the Federal Government shall provide information that the Advisory Committee considers necessary to carry out its duties under this section. In carrying out this paragraph, the department or agency shall take steps to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information.’’. 
SEC. 534. REPORT ON FEASIBILITY OF EXPANDING SERVICES OF THE SPECIAL VICTIMS’ COUNSEL TO VICTIMS OF DOMESTIC VIOLENCE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives regarding the feasibility and advisability of expanding eligibility for the Special Victims’ Counsel programs under section 1044e of title 10, United States Code (hereinafter referred to as ‘‘the SVC programs’’), to include victims of domestic violence. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report under this section shall include the following: (1) The current workload of the SVC programs. (2) An analysis of the current personnel authorizations for the SVC programs. (3) The optimal personnel levels for the SVC programs. (4) An analysis of the effects that the expansion described in subsection (a) would have on the SVC programs, including— 
(A) the estimated increase in workload; (B) the estimated number of additional personnel that would be required to accommodate such increase; and (C) the ability of the military departments to fill any additionally authorized billets for SVC programs with qualified judge advocates who possess military justice experience. 
SEC. 535. UNIFORM COMMAND ACTION FORM ON DISPOSITION OF UNRESTRICTED SEXUAL ASSAULT CASES INVOLVING MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
The Secretary of Defense shall establish a uniform command action form, applicable across the Armed Forces, for reporting the final disposition of cases of sexual assault in which— (1) the alleged offender is a member of the Armed Forces; and (2) the victim files an unrestricted report on the alleged assault. 
SEC. 536. STANDARDIZATION OF POLICIES RELATED TO EXPEDITED TRANSFER IN CASES OF SEXUAL ASSAULT OR DOMESTIC VIOLENCE. 
(a) P OLICIES FOR MEMBERS .—The Secretary of Defense shall modify, in accordance with section 673 of title 10, United States Code, all policies that the Secretary determines necessary to establish a standardized expedited transfer process for a member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps who is the alleged victim of— (1) sexual assault (regardless of whether the case is handled under the Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program or Family Advocacy Program); or (2) physical domestic violence (as defined by the Secretary in regulations prescribed under this section) committed by the spouse or intimate partner of the member, regardless of whether the spouse or intimate partner is a member of the Armed Forces. (b) POLICY FOR DEPENDENTS OF MEMBERS .— The Secretary of Defense shall establish a policy to allow the transfer of a member of the Army, Navy, Air Force, or Marine Corps whose dependent is the victim of sexual assault perpetrated by a member of the Armed Forces who is not related to the victim. Subtitle E—Other Legal Matters 
SEC. 541. CLARIFICATION OF EXPIRATION OF TERM OF APPELLATE MILITARY JUDGES OF THE UNITED STATES COURT OF MILITARY COMMISSION REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 950f(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) The term of an appellate military judge assigned to the Court under paragraph (2) or appointed to the Court under paragraph (3) shall expire on the earlier of the date on which— ‘‘(A) the judge leaves active duty; or ‘‘(B) the judge is reassigned to other duties in accordance with section 949b(b)(4) of this title.’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply to each judge of the United States Court of Military Commission Review serving on that court on the date of the enactment of this Act and each judge assigned or appointed to that court on or after such date. 
SEC. 542. SECURITY CLEARANCE REINVESTIGATION OF CERTAIN PERSONNEL WHO COMMIT CERTAIN OFFENSES. 
Section 1564 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (c), (d), (e), and (f) as subsection (d), (e), (f), and (g), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) REINVESTIGATION OR READJUDICATION OF  CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an investigation or adjudication under subsection (a) of any individual described in paragraph (2) upon— ‘‘(A) conviction of that individual by a court of competent jurisdiction for— ‘‘(i) sexual assault; ‘‘(ii) sexual harassment; ‘‘(iii) fraud against the United States; or ‘‘(iv) any other violation that the Secretary determines renders that individual susceptible to blackmail or raises serious concern regarding the ability of that individual to hold a security clearance; or ‘‘(B) determination by a commanding officer that that individual has committed an offense described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) An individual described in this paragraph in an individual who has a security clearance and is— ‘‘(A) a flag officer; ‘‘(B) a general officer; or ‘‘(C) an employee of the Department of Defense in the Senior Executive Service. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall ensure that relevant information on the conviction or determination described in paragraph (1) of an individual described in paragraph (2) during the preceding year, regardless of whether the individual has retired or resigned or has been discharged, released, or otherwise separated from the armed forces, is reported into Federal law enforcement records and security clearance databases, and that such information is transmitted, as appropriate, to other Federal agencies. ‘‘(4) In this subsection: ‘‘(A) The term ‘sexual assault’ includes rape, sexual assault, forcible sodomy, aggravated sexual contact, abusive sexual contact, and attempts to commit such offenses, as those terms are defined in chapter 47 of this title (the Uniform Code of Military Justice). ‘‘(B) The term ‘sexual harassment’ has the meaning given that term in section 1561 of this title. ‘‘(C) The term ‘fraud against the United States’ means a violation of section 932 of this title (article 132 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice).’’. SEC. 543. DEVELOPMENT OF OVERSIGHT PLAN FOR IMPLEMENTATION OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE HARASSMENT PREVENTION AND RESPONSE POLICY. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop a plan for overseeing the implementation of the instruction titled ‘‘Harassment Prevention and Response in the Armed Forces’’, published on February 8, 2018 (DODI–1020.03). (b) ELEMENTS .—The plan under subsection (a) shall require the military services and other components of the Department of Defense to take steps by certain dates to implement harassment prevention and response programs under such instruction, including no less than the following: (1) Submitting implementation plans to the Director, Force Resiliency. (2) Incorporating performance measures that assess the effectiveness of harassment prevention and response programs. (3) Adopting compliance standards for promoting, supporting, and enforcing policies, plans, and programs. (4) Tracking, collecting, and reporting data and information on sexual harassment incidents based on standards established by the Secretary. (5) Instituting anonymous complaint mechanisms. (c) REPORT .—Not later than July 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the oversight plan developed under this section. The report shall include, for each military service and component of the Department of Defense, the implementation status of each element of the oversight plan. 
SEC. 544. OVERSIGHT OF REGISTERED SEX OFFENDER MANAGEMENT PROGRAM. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF OFFICIAL OR ENTITY .— The Secretary of Defense shall designate a single official or existing entity within the Office of the Secretary of Defense to serve as the official or entity (as the case may be) with principal responsibility in the Department of Defense for providing oversight of the registered sex offender management program of the Department. (b) DUTIES .—The official or entity designated under subsection (a) shall— (1) monitor compliance with Department of Defense Instruction 5525.20 and other relevant polices; (2) compile data on members serving in the military departments who have been convicted of a qualifying sex offense, including data on the sex offender registration status of each such member; (3) maintain statistics on the total number of active duty service members in each military department who are required to register as sex offenders; and (4) perform such other duties as the Secretary of Defense determines to be appropriate. (c) BRIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than June 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a briefing on— (1) the compliance of the military departments with the policies of the Department of Defense relating to registered sex offenders; (2) the results of the data compilation described in subsection (b)(2); and (3) any other matters the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (d) MILITARY DEPARTMENTS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘military departments’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(8) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 545. DEVELOPMENT OF RESOURCE GUIDES REGARDING SEXUAL ASSAULT FOR THE MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMIES. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Superintendent of a military service academy shall develop and maintain a resource guide for students at the respective military service academies regarding sexual assault. (b) ELEMENTS .—Each guide developed under this section shall include the following information with regards to the relevant military service academy: (1) PROCESS OVERVIEW AND DEFINITIONS .— (A) An explanation of prohibited conduct, including examples. (B) An explanation of consent. (C) Victims’ rights. (D) Clearly described complaint process, including to whom a complaint may be filed. (E) Explanations of restricted and unrestricted reporting. (F) List of mandatory reporters. (G) Protections from retaliation. (H) Assurance that leadership will take appropriate corrective action. (I) References to specific policies. (J) Resources for survivors. (2) EMERGENCY SERVICES .— (A) Contact information. (B) Location. (3) SUPPORT AND COUNSELING .—Contact information for the following support and counseling resources: (A) The Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Victim Advocate or other equivalent advocate or counselor available to students in cases of sexual assault. (B) The Sexual Harassment/Assault Response and Prevention Resource Program Center. (C) Peer counseling. (D) Medical care. (E) Legal counsel. (F) Hotlines. (G) Chaplain or other spiritual representatives. (c) DISTRIBUTION .—Each Superintendent shall provide the current guide developed by that Superintendent under this section— (1) not later than 30 days after completing development under subsection (a) to each student who is enrolled at the military service academy of that Superintendent on the date of the enactment of this Act; 
(2) at the beginning of each academic year after the date of the enactment of this Act to each student who enrolls at the military service academy of that Superintendent; and (3) as soon as practicable to a student at the military service academy of that Superintendent who reports that such student is a victim of sexual assault. 
(a) T RACKING PROCESS .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the secretaries of the military departments, shall establish a consolidated tracking process for the Department of Defense to ensure increased oversight of the timely submission of crime reporting data to the Federal Bureau of Investigation under section 922(g) of title 18, United States Code, and Department of Defense Instruction 5505.11, ‘‘Fingerprint Card and Final Disposition Report Submission Requirements’’. The tracking process shall, to the maximum extent possible, standardize and automate reporting and increase the ability of the Department to track such submissions. (b) LETTER REQUIRED .—Not later than July 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a letter to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives that details the tracking process under subsection (a). 
SEC. 547. REPORT ON VICTIMS OF SEXUAL ASSAULT IN REPORTS OF MILITARY CRIMINAL INVESTIGATIVE ORGANIZATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than September 30, 2019, and not less frequently than once every two years thereafter, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes, with respect to the period of two years preceding the date of the submittal of the report, the following: (1) The number of instances in which a covered individual was accused of misconduct or crimes considered collateral to the investigation of a sexual assault committed against the individual. (2) The number of instances in which adverse action was taken against a covered individual who was accused of collateral misconduct or crimes as described in paragraph (1). (3) The percentage of investigations of sexual assaults that involved an accusation or adverse action against a covered individual as described in paragraphs (1) and (2). (b) COVERED INDIVIDUAL DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered individual’’ means an individual who is identified as a victim of a sexual assault in the case files of a military criminal investigative organization. Subtitle F—Member Education, Training, Resilience, and Transition 
(a) C ODIFICATION AND PERMANENT AUTHOR ITY.—Chapter 40 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section 710: ‘‘§ 710. Career flexibility to enhance retention of members ‘‘(a) PROGRAMS AUTHORIZED .—Each Secretary of a military department may carry out programs under which members of the regular components and members on Active Guard and Reserve duty of the armed forces under the jurisdiction of such Secretary may be inactivated from active service in order to meet personal or professional needs and returned to active service at the end of such period of inactivation from active service. ‘‘(b) PERIOD OF INACTIVATION FROM ACTIVE  SERVICE ; EFFECT OF INACTIVATION .—(1) The period of inactivation from active service under a program under this section of a member participating in the program shall be such period as the Secretary of the military department concerned shall specify in the agreement of the member under subsection (c), except that such period may not exceed three years. ‘‘(2) Any service by a Reserve officer while participating in a program under this section shall be excluded from computation of the total years of service of that officer pursuant to section 14706(a) of this title. ‘‘(3) Any period of participation of a member in a program under this section shall not count toward— ‘‘(A) eligibility for retirement or transfer to the Ready Reserve under either chapter 571 or 1223 of this title; or ‘‘(B) computation of retired or retainer pay under chapter 71 or 1223 of this title. ‘‘(c) AGREEMENT .—Each member of the armed forces who participates in a program under this section shall enter into a written agreement with the Secretary of the military department concerned under which agreement that member shall agree as follows: ‘‘(1) To accept an appointment or enlist, as applicable, and serve in the Ready Reserve of the armed force concerned during the period of the inactivation of the member from active service under the program. ‘‘(2) To undergo during the period of the inactivation of the member from active service under the program such inactive service training as the Secretary concerned shall require in order to ensure that the member retains proficiency, at a level determined by the Secretary concerned to be sufficient, in the military skills, professional qualifications, and physical readiness of the member during the inactivation of the member from active service. ‘‘(3) Following completion of the period of the inactivation of the member from active service under the program, to serve two months as a member of the armed forces on active service for each month of the period of the inactivation of the member from active service under the program. ‘‘(d) CONDITIONS OF RELEASE .—The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations specifying the guidelines regarding the conditions of release that must be considered and addressed in the agreement required by subsection (c). At a minimum, the Secretary shall prescribe the procedures and standards to be used to instruct a member on the obligations to be assumed by the member under paragraph (2) of such subsection while the member is released from active service. ‘‘(e) ORDER TO ACTIVE SERVICE .—Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of the military department concerned, a member of the armed forces participating in a program under this section may, in the discretion of such Secretary, be required to terminate participation in the program and be ordered to active service. ‘‘(f) PAY AND ALLOWANCES .—(1) During each month of participation in a program under this section, a member who participates in the program shall be paid basic pay in an amount equal to twothirtieths of the amount of monthly basic pay to which the member would otherwise be entitled under section 204 of title 37 as a member of the uniformed services on active service in the grade and years of service of the member when the member commences participation in the program. ‘‘(2)(A) A member who participates in a program shall not, while participating in the program, be paid any special or incentive pay or bonus to which the member is otherwise entitled under an agreement under chapter 5 of title 37 that is in force when the member commences participation in the program. ‘‘(B) The inactivation from active service of a member participating in a program shall not be treated as a failure of the member to perform any period of service required of the member in connection with an agreement for a special or incentive pay or bonus under chapter 5 of title 37 that is in force when the member commences participation in the program. ‘‘(3)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), upon the return of a member to active service after completion by the member of participation in a program— ‘‘(i) any agreement entered into by the member under chapter 5 of title 37 for the payment of a special or incentive pay or bonus that was in force when the member commenced participation in the program shall be revived, with the term of such agreement after revival being the period of the agreement remaining to run when the member commenced participation in the program; and ‘‘(ii) any special or incentive pay or bonus shall be payable to the member in accordance with the terms of the agreement concerned for the term specified in clause (i). ‘‘(B)(i) Subparagraph (A) shall not apply to any special or incentive pay or bonus otherwise covered by that subparagraph with respect to a member if, at the time of the return of the member to active service as described in that subparagraph— ‘‘(I) such pay or bonus is no longer authorized by law; or ‘‘(II) the member does not satisfy eligibility criteria for such pay or bonus as in effect at the time of the return of the member to active service. ‘‘(ii) Subparagraph (A) shall cease to apply to any special or incentive pay or bonus otherwise covered by that subparagraph with respect to a member if, during the term of the revived agreement of the member under subparagraph (A)(i), such pay or bonus ceases being authorized by law. ‘‘(C) A member who is ineligible for payment of a special or incentive pay or bonus otherwise covered by this paragraph by reason of subparagraph (B)(i)(II) shall be subject to the requirements for repayment of such pay or bonus in accordance with the terms of the applicable agreement of the member under chapter 5 of title 37. ‘‘(D) Any service required of a member under an agreement covered by this paragraph after the member returns to active service as described in subparagraph (A) shall be in addition to any service required of the member under an agreement under subsection (c). ‘‘(4)(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), a member who participates in a program is entitled, while participating in the program, to the travel and transportation allowances authorized by section 474 of title 37 for— ‘‘(i) travel performed from the residence of the member, at the time of release from active service to participate in the program, to the location in the United States designated by the member as his residence during the period of participation in the program; and ‘‘(ii) travel performed to the residence of the member upon return to active service at the end of the participation of the member in the program. ‘‘(B) An allowance is payable under this paragraph only with respect to travel of a member to and from a single residence. ‘‘(5) A member who participates in a program is entitled to carry forward the leave balance existing as of the day on which the member begins participation and accumulated in accordance with section 701 of this title, but not to exceed 60 days. ‘‘(g) PROMOTION .—(1)(A) An officer participating in a program under this section shall not, while participating in the program, be eligible for consideration for promotion under chapter 36 or 1405 of this title. ‘‘(B) Upon the return of an officer to active service after completion by the officer of participation in a program— ‘‘(i) the Secretary of the military department concerned shall adjust the date of rank of the officer in such manner as the Secretary of Defense shall prescribe in regulations for purposes of this section; and ‘‘(ii) the officer shall be eligible for consideration for promotion when officers of the same competitive category, grade, and seniority are eligible for consideration for promotion. 
‘‘(2) An enlisted member participating in a program shall not be eligible for consideration for promotion during the period that— ‘‘(A) begins on the date of the inactivation of the member from active service under the program; and ‘‘(B) ends at such time after the return of the member to active service under the program that the member is treatable as eligible for promotion by reason of time in grade and such other requirements as the Secretary of the military department concerned shall prescribe in regulations for purposes of the program. ‘‘(h) CONTINUED ENTITLEMENTS .—A member participating in a program under this section shall, while participating in the program, be treated as a member of the armed forces on active duty for a period of more than 30 days for purposes of— ‘‘(1) the entitlement of the member and of the dependents of the member to medical and dental care under the provisions of chapter 55 of this title; and ‘‘(2) retirement or separation for physical disability under the provisions of chapters 55 and 61 of this title.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND MENTS .— (1) TABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 709a the following new item: ‘‘710. Career flexibility to enhance retention of members.’’. (2) CONFORMING REPEAL .—Section 533 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (10 U.S.C. prec. 701 note) is repealed. 
(a) P ATHWAYS FOR TAP.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 1142 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in the section heading by striking ‘‘ med ical’’ and inserting ‘‘certain’’; (B) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘(regardless of character of discharge)’’ after ‘‘discharge’’; (ii) in paragraph (3)(A)— (I) by striking ‘‘as soon as possible during the 12month period preceding’’ and inserting ‘‘not later than 365 days before’’; (II) by striking ‘‘90 days’’ and inserting ‘‘365 days’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘discharge or release’’ and inserting ‘‘retirement or other separation’’; and (iii) in paragraph (3)(B)— (I) by striking ‘‘90’’ and inserting ‘‘365’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘90day’’ and inserting ‘‘365 day’’; (C) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d); (D) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) COUNSELING PATHWAYS .—(1) Each Secretary concerned, in consultation with the Secretaries of Labor and Veterans Affairs, shall establish at least three pathways for members of the military department concerned receiving individualized counseling under this section. The Secretaries shall design the pathways to address the needs of members, based on the following factors: ‘‘(A) Rank. ‘‘(B) Term of service. ‘‘(C) Gender. ‘‘(D) Whether the member was a member of a regular or reserve component of an armed force. ‘‘(E) Disability. ‘‘(F) Character of discharge (including expedited discharge and discharge under conditions other than honorable). ‘‘(G) Health (including mental health). ‘‘(H) Military occupational specialty. ‘‘(I) Whether the member intends, after separation, retirement, or discharge, to— ‘‘(i) seek employment; ‘‘(ii) enroll in a program of higher education; ‘‘(iii) enroll in a program of vocational training; or ‘‘(iv) become an entrepreneur. ‘‘(J) The educational history of the member. ‘‘(K) The employment history of the member. ‘‘(L) Whether the member has secured— ‘‘(i) employment; ‘‘(ii) enrollment in a program of education; or ‘‘(iii) enrollment in a program of vocational training. ‘‘(M) Other factors the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretaries of Labor and Veterans Affairs, determine appropriate. ‘‘(2) Each member described in subsection (a) shall meet in person or by video conference with a counselor before beginning counseling under this section to— ‘‘(A) take a selfassessment designed by the Secretary concerned (in consultation with the Secretaries of Labor and Veterans Affairs) to ensure that the Secretary concerned places the member in the appropriate pathway under this subsection; ‘‘(B) receive information from the counselor regarding reenlistment in the armed forces; and ‘‘(C) receive information from the counselor regarding resources (including resources regarding military sexual trauma)— ‘‘(i) for members of the armed forces separated, retired, or discharged; ‘‘(ii) located in the community in which the member will reside after separation, retirement, or discharge. ‘‘(3) At the meeting under paragraph (2), the member may elect to have the Secretary concerned (in consultation with the Secretaries of Labor and Veterans Affairs) provide the contact information of the member to the resources described in paragraph (2)(B).’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) JOINT SERVICE TRANSCRIPT .—The Sec retary concerned shall provide a copy of the joint service transcript of a member described in subsection (a) to— ‘‘(1) that member— ‘‘(A) at the meeting with a counselor under subsection (c)(2); and ‘‘(B) on the day the member separates, retires, or is discharged; and ‘‘(2) the Secretary of Veterans Affairs on the day the member separates, retires, or is discharged.’’. (2) DEADLINE .—Each Secretary concerned shall carry out subsection (c) of such section, as amended by paragraph (1), not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) GAO 
STUDY .—Not later than 1 year after the Secretaries concerned carry out subsection (c) of such section, as amended by paragraph (1), the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a review of the pathways for the Transition Assistance Program established under such subsection (c). (b) CONTENTS OF TAP.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 1144 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Such services’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (f)(2), such services’’; and (B) by amending subsection (f) to read as follows: ‘‘(f) PROGRAM CONTENTS .—(1) The program carried out under this section shall consist of instruction as follows: ‘‘(A) One day of preseparation training specific to the armed force concerned, as determined by the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(B) One day of instruction regarding— ‘‘(i) benefits under laws administered by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; and ‘‘(ii) other subjects determined by the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(C) One day of instruction regarding preparation for employment. ‘‘(D) Two days of instruction regarding a topic selected by the member from the following subjects: ‘‘(i) Preparation for employment. ‘‘(ii) Preparation for education. ‘‘(iii) Preparation for vocational training. ‘‘(iv) Preparation for entrepreneurship. ‘‘(v) Other options determined by the Secretary concerned. ‘‘(2) The Secretary concerned may permit a member to attend training and instruction under the program established under this section— ‘‘(A) before the time periods established under section 1142(a)(3) of this title; ‘‘(B) in addition to such training and instruction required during such time periods.’’. (2) DEADLINE .—The Transition Assistance Program shall comply with the requirements of section 1144(f) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1), not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) ACTION PLAN .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit an action plan to the congressional defense committees that— (A) details how the Secretary shall implement the requirements of section 1144(f) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by paragraph (1); and (B) details how the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs and Labor, shall establish standardized performance metrics to measure Transition Assistance Program participation and outcomebased objective benchmarks in order to— (i) provide feedback to the Departments of Defense, Veterans Affairs, and Labor; (ii) improve the curriculum of the Transition Assistance Program; (iii) share best practices; (iv) facilitate effective oversight of the Transition Assistance Program; and (v) ensure members obtain sufficient financial literacy to effectively leverage conferred benefits and opportunities for employment, education, vocational training, and entrepreneurship. (4) REPORT .—On the date that is 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act and annually thereafter for the subsequent 4 years, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services and Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, a report regarding members of the Armed Forces who have attended Transition Assistance Program counseling during the preceding year. The report shall detail the following: (A) The total number of members who attended Transition Assistance Program counseling. (B) The number of members who attended Transition Assistance Program counseling under paragraph (1) of section 1144(f) of title 10, as amended by paragraph (1). (C) The number of members who attended Transition Assistance Program counseling under paragraph (2) of such section. (D) The number of members who elected to attend each twoday instruction under paragraph (1)(D) of such section. 
SEC. 553. REPEAL OF PROGRAM ON ENCOURAGEMENT OF POSTSEPARATION PUBLIC AND COMMUNITY SERVICE. 
(a) R EPEAL .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 1143a of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 58 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 1143a. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 1144(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (8); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (9), (10), and (11) as paragraphs (8), (9), and (10), respectively. 
(2) Section 1142(b)(4)(C) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘the public and community service jobs program carried out under section 1143a of this title, and’’. (3) Section 159(c)(2)(D) of the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (42 U.S.C. 12619(c)(2)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘and as employment with a public service or community service organization for purposes of section 4464 of that Act’’. (4) Section 162(a)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 12622(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘shall’’ and all that follows through ‘‘provide other’’ and inserting ‘‘shall provide’’. (5) Subsection (c) of section 4403 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484; 10 U.S.C. 1293 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) INAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .—During the period specified in subsection (i)(2), this section does not apply as follows: ‘‘(1) To members of the Coast Guard, notwithstanding section 542(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Public Law 103–337; 10 U.S.C. 1293 note). ‘‘(2) To members of the commissioned corps of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, notwithstanding section 566(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (Public Law 104–106; 10 U.S.C. 1293 note).’’. (c) CONFORMING REPEAL .— (1) REPEAL .—Section 4464 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484; 10 U.S.C. 1143a note) is repealed. (2) APPLICABILITY .—The repeal made under paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to an individual who retires from the Armed Forces on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 554. CLARIFICATION OF APPLICATION AND HONORABLE SERVICE REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE TROOPSTO TEACHERS PROGRAM TO MEMBERS OF THE RETIRED RESERVE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (2)(B) of section 1154(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘(A)(iii),’’ after ‘‘(A)(i),’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘transferred to the Retired Reserve, or’’ after ‘‘member is retired,’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘separated,’’ and inserting ‘‘separated’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The second sentence of paragraph (3)(D) of such section is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, the transfer of the member to the Retired Reserve,’’ after ‘‘retirement of the member’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘transfer,’’ after ‘‘after the retirement,’’. 
SEC. 555. EMPLOYMENT AND COMPENSATION OF CIVILIAN FACULTY MEMBERS AT THE JOINT SPECIAL OPERATIONS UNIVERSITY. 
Section 1595(c) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) The Joint Special Operations University.’’. 
SEC. 556. PROGRAM TO ASSIST MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES IN OBTAINING PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS. 
Section 2015(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘related to military training’’ and all that follows through the period at the end of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘that translate into civilian occupations.’’. 
SEC. 557. ENHANCEMENT OF AUTHORITIES IN CONNECTION WITH JUNIOR RESERVE OFFICERS’ TRAINING CORPS PROGRAMS. 
(a) F LEXIBILITY IN AUTHORITIES FOR MANAGE MENT OF PROGRAMS AND UNITS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 102 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2035. Flexibility in authorities for management of programs and units ‘‘(a) AUTHORITY TOCONVERT OTHERWISE  CLOSING UNITS TO NATIONAL DEFENSE CADET CORPS PROGRAM UNITS.—If the Secretary of a military department is notified by a local educational agency of the intent of the agency to close its Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps, the Secretary shall offer the agency the option of converting the unit to a National Defense Cadet Corps (NDCC) program unit in lieu of closing the unit. ‘‘(b) FLEXIBILITY IN ADMINISTRATION OF INSTRUCTORS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretaries of the military departments may, without regard to any other provision of this chapter, undertake initiatives designed to promote flexibility in the hiring and compensation of instructors for the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program under the jurisdiction of such Secretaries. ‘‘(2) ELEMENTS .—The initiatives undertaken pursuant to this subsection may provide for one or more of the following: ‘‘(A) Termination of the requirement for a waiver as a condition of the hiring of well qualified noncommissioned officers with a bachelor’s degree for senior instructor positions within the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. ‘‘(B) Specification of a single instructor as the minimum number of instructors required to found and operate a Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps unit. ‘‘(C) Authority for Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps instructors to undertake school duties, in addition to Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps duties, at small schools. ‘‘(D) Authority for the payment of instructor compensation for a limited number of Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps instructors on a 10month per year basis rather than a 12month per year basis. ‘‘(E) Such other actions as the Secretaries of the military departments consider appropriate. ‘‘(c) FLEXIBILITY IN ALLOCATION AND USE OF  TRAVEL FUNDING .—The Secretaries of the military departments shall take appropriate actions to provide socalled regional directors of the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs located at remote rural schools enhanced discretion in the allocation and use of funds for travel in connection with Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps activities. ‘‘(d) STANDARDIZATION OF PROGRAM DATA.— The Secretary of Defense shall take appropriate actions to standardize the data collected and maintained on the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs in order to facilitate and enhance the collection and analysis of such data. Such actions shall include a requirement for the use of the National Center for Education Statistics (NCES) identification code for each school with a unit under a Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in order to facilitate identification of such schools and their units under the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 102 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2035. Flexibility in authorities for management of programs and units.’’. (b) AUTHORITY FOR ADDITIONAL UNITS.—The Secretaries of the military departments may, using amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act and available in the funding tables in sections 4301 and 4401 for purposes of the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs, establish an aggregate of not more than 100 units under the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs in lowincome and rural areas of the United States and areas of the United States currently underserved by the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs. SEC. 558. EXPANSION OF PERIOD OF AVAILABILITY OF MILITARY ONESOURCE PROGRAM FOR RETIRED AND DISCHARGED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND THEIR IMMEDIATE FAMILIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense, the period of eligibility for the Military OneSource program of the Department of Defense of an eligible individual retired, discharged, or otherwise released from the Armed Forces, and for the eligible immediate family members of such an individual, shall be the oneyear period beginning on the date of the retirement, discharge, or release, as applicable, of such individual. (b) INFORMATION TO FAMILIES .—The Secretary shall, in such manner as the Secretary considers appropriate, inform military families and families of veterans of the Armed Forces of the wide range of benefits available through the Military OneSource program. 
SEC. 559. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR ATTENDANCE OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL AT SENIOR LEVEL AND INTERMEDIATE LEVEL OFFICER PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION COURSES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for the purpose of the attendance of enlisted personnel at senior level and intermediate level officer professional military education courses. (b) SENIOR LEVEL AND INTERMEDIATE LEVEL OFFICER PROFESSIONAL MILITARY EDUCATION  COURSES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘senior level and intermediate level officer professional military education courses’’ means any course for officers offered by a school specified in paragraph (1) or (2) of section 2151(b) of title 10, United States Code. (c) REPEAL OF SUPERSEDED LIMITATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 547 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is repealed. (2) PRESERVATION OF CERTAIN REPORTING RE QUIREMENT .—The repeal in paragraph (1) shall not be interpreted to terminate the requirement of the Comptroller General of the United States to submit the report required by subsection (c) of section 547 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Subtitle G—Defense Dependents’ Education 
SEC. 561. ASSISTANCE TO SCHOOLS WITH MILITARY DEPENDENT STUDENTS. 
(a) I MPACT AID FOR CHILDREN WITHSEVERE  DISABILITIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defensewide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $10,000,000 shall be available for payments under section 363 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106–398; 20 U.S.C. 7703a). (2) USE OF CERTAIN AMOUNT .—Of the amount available under paragraph (1) for payments as described in that paragraph, $5,000,000 shall be available for such payments to local educational agencies determined by the Secretary of Defense, in the discretion of the Secretary, to have higher concentrations of military children with severe disabilities. (b) ASSISTANCE TO SCHOOLS WITHSIGNIFICANT  NUMBERS OF MILITARY DEPENDENT STUDENTS .— Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 301 and available for operation and maintenance for Defensewide activities as specified in the funding table in section 4301, $40,000,000 shall be available only for the purpose of providing assistance to local educational agencies under subsection (a) of section 572 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 20 U.S.C. 7703b). 
(c) L OCAL EDUCATIONAL AGENCY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘local educational agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 7013(9) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7713(9)). 
SEC. 562. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY POLICIES AND PROCEDURES ON SEXUAL HARASSMENT OF STUDENTS OF ACTIVITY SCHOOLS. 
(a) A PPLICABILITY OF TITLE IX P ROTEC TIONS .—The provisions of title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et seq.) (in this section referred to as ‘‘title IX’’) with respect to education programs or activities receiving Federal financial assistance shall apply equally to education programs and activities administered by the Department of Defense Education Activity (DODEA). (b) POLICIES AND PROCEDURES .—Not later than March 31, 2019, the Department of Defense Education Activity shall establish policies and procedures to protect students at schools of the Activity who are victims of sexual harassment. Such policies and procedures shall afford protections at least comparable to the protections afforded under title IX. (c) ELEMENTS .—The policies and procedures required by subsection (b) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (1) A policy addressing sexual harassment of students at the schools of the Department of Defense Education Activity that uses and incorporates terms, procedures, protections, investigation standards, and standards of evidence consistent with title IX. (2) A procedure by which— (A) a student of a school of the Activity, or a parent of such a student, may file a complaint with the school alleging an incident of sexual harassment at the school; and (B) such a student or parent may appeal the decision of the school regarding such complaint. (3) A procedure and mechanisms for the appointment and training of, and allocation of responsibility to, a coordinator at each school of the Activity for sexual harassment matters involving students from the military community served by such school. (4) Training of employees of the Activity, and volunteers at schools of the Activity, on the policies and procedures. (5) Mechanisms for the broad distribution and display of the policy described in paragraph (1), including on the Internet website of the Activity and on Internet websites of schools of the Activity, in printed and online versions of student handbooks, and in brochures and flyers displayed on school bulletin boards and in guidance counselor offices. (6) Reporting and recordkeeping requirements designed to ensure that— (A) complaints of sexual harassment at schools of the Activity are handled— (i) with professionalism and consistency; and (ii) in a manner that permits coordinators referred to in paragraph (3) to track trends in incidents of sexual harassment and to identify repeat offenders of sexual harassment; and (B) appropriate members of the local leadership of military communities are held accountable for acting upon complaints of sexual harassment at schools of the Activity. 
SEC. 563. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY MISCONDUCT DATABASE. 
(a) C OMPREHENSIVE DATABASE .—The Sec retary of Defense shall consolidate the various databases and mechanisms for the reporting and tracking of juvenile misconduct in Department of Defense Education Activity (hereinafter in this section referred to as ‘‘DODEA’’) schools into one comprehensive database for DODEA juvenile misconduct. The comprehensive database shall include all unresolved and all substantiated allegations of juvenileonjuvenile sexual misconduct. (b) POLICY .—The Secretary shall establish a comprehensive policy regarding the reporting and tracking of juvenile misconduct cases occurring in DODEA schools, including policies establishing appropriate safeguards to prevent unauthorized disclosure of sensitive information contained in the comprehensive database required by subsection (a). SEC. 564. ASSESSMENT AND REPORT ON ACTIVE SHOOTER THREAT MITIGATION AT SCHOOLS LOCATED ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an assessment of strategies that may be used to address any security threat posed by active shooter incidents at public elementary schools and secondary schools located on the grounds of Federal military installations. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that includes the results of the assessment conducted under subsection (a). Subtitle H—Military Family Readiness Matters 
SEC. 571. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY FAMILY READINESS COUNCIL MATTERS. 
(a) M EMBER MATTERS .— (1) MEMBERSHIP .—Paragraph (1)(B) of subsection (b) of section 1781a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘a member of the armed force to be represented’’ and inserting ‘‘a member or civilian employee of the armed force to be represented’’; and (B) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following new clause (ii): ‘‘(ii) One representative, who shall be a member or civilian employee of the National Guard Bureau, to represent both the Army National Guard and the Air National Guard.’’. (2) TERMS .—Paragraph (2) of such subsection is amended— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘clauses (i) and (iii) of’’; and (ii) by striking the second sentence; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘three years’’ and inserting ‘‘two years’’. (b) DUTIES .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘military family readiness by the Department of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘military family readiness programs and activities of the Department of Defense’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) To make recommendations to the Secretary of Defense to improve collaboration, awareness, and promotion of accurate and timely military family readiness information and support services by policy makers, service providers, and targeted beneficiaries.’’. (c) ANNUAL REPORTS .—Subsection (e) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘February 1’’ and inserting ‘‘July 1’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) APPLICABILITY OF MEMBERSHIP AND TERM  
AMENDMENTS .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to members of the Department of Defense Military Family Readiness Council appointed after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 572. ENHANCEMENT AND CLARIFICATION OF FAMILY SUPPORT SERVICES FOR FAMILY MEMBERS OF MEMBERS OF SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. 
Section 1788a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘activities’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘services’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘activity’’ and inserting ‘‘service’’; (3) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000’’; and (4) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The term ‘family support services’ includes costs of transportation, food, lodging, child care, supplies, fees, and training materials for immediate family members of members of the armed forces assigned to special operations forces while participating in programs under subsection (a).’’. SEC. 573. TEMPORARY EXPANSION OF AUTHORITY FOR NONCOMPETITIVE APPOINTMENTS OF MILITARY SPOUSES BY FEDERAL AGENCIES. 
(a) E XPANSION TO INCLUDE ALLSPOUSES OF  MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES ON ACTIVE  DUTY.—Section 3330d of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking paragraphs (3), (4), and (5); and (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (3); (2) by striking subsections (b) and (c) and inserting the following new subsection (b): ‘‘(b) APPOINTMENT AUTHORITY .—The head of an agency may appoint noncompetitively— ‘‘(1) a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces on active duty; or ‘‘(2) a spouse of a disabled or deceased member of the Armed Forces.’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (c); and (4) in subsection (c), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(6)’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(3)’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 33 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 3330d and inserting the following new item: ‘‘3330d. Appointment of military spouses.’’. (c) HEADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3330d. Appointment of military spouses’’. (d) OPM LIMITATION AND REPORTS .— (1) RELOCATING SPOUSES .—With respect to the noncompetitive appointment of a relocating spouse of a member of the Armed Forces under subsection (b)(1) of section 3330d of title 5, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a), the Director of the Office of Personnel Management— (A) shall monitor the number of such appointments; (B) shall require the head of each agency with authority to make such appointments under such section to submit an annual report to the Director on such appointments, including information on the number of individuals so appointed, the types of positions filled, and the effectiveness of the authority for such appointments; and (C) not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, shall submit a report to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs of the Senate on the use and effectiveness of such authority. (2) NONRELOCATING SPOUSES .—With respect to the noncompetitive appointment of a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces other than a relocating spouse described in paragraph (1), the Director of the Office of Personnel Management— (A) shall treat the spouse as a relocating spouse under paragraph (1); and (B) may limit the number of such appointments. (e) SUNSET .—Effective on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act— (1) the authority provided by this section, and the amendments made by this section, shall expire; and (2) the provisions of section 3330d of title 5, United States Code, amended or repealed by such section are restored or revived as if such section had not been enacted. 
SEC. 574. IMPROVEMENT OF MY CAREER ADVANCEMENT ACCOUNT PROGRAM FOR MILITARY SPOUSES. 
(a) O UTREACH ON AVAILABILITY OF PROGRAM .—The Secretary of Defense shall take appropriate actions to ensure that military spouses who are eligible for participation in the My Career Advancement Account program of the Department of Defense are, to the extent practicable, made aware of the program. (b) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth such recommendations as the Comptroller General considers appropriate regarding the following: (1) Mechanisms to increase awareness of the My Career Advancement Account program of the Department of Defense among military spouses who are eligible to participate in the program. (2) Mechanisms to increase participation in the My Career Advancement Account program among military spouses who are eligible to participate in the program. (c) TRAINING FOR INSTALLATION CAREER  COUNSELORS ON PROGRAM .—The Secretaries of the military departments shall take appropriate actions to ensure that career counselors at military installations receive appropriate training and current information on eligibility for and use of benefits under the My Career Advancement Account program, including financial assistance to cover costs associated with professional recertification, portability of occupational licenses, professional credential exams, and other mechanisms in connection with the portability of professional licenses. 
SEC. 575. ASSESSMENT AND REPORT ON THE EFFECTS OF PERMANENT CHANGES OF STATION ON EMPLOYMENT AMONG MILITARY SPOUSES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an assessment of the effects of frequent, permanent changes of station on the stability of employment among spouses of members of the Armed Forces. (b) ELEMENTS .—The assessment required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of how frequent, permanent changes of station may contribute to unemployment or underemployment among spouses of members of the Armed Forces. (2) An assessment of how unemployment and underemployment among military spouses may affect force readiness. (3) Such recommendations as the Secretary considers appropriate regarding legislative or administration actions that may be carried out to achieve force readiness and stabilization through the minimization of the impacts of frequent, permanent changes in station on the stability of employment among military spouses. (c) REPORT .—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that includes the results of the assessment with respect to each element described in subsection (b). 
SEC. 576. PROVISIONAL OR INTERIM CLEARANCES TO PROVIDE CHILDCARE SERVICES AT MILITARY CHILDCARE CENTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall implement a policy to permit the issuance on a provisional or interim basis of clearances for the provision of childcare services at military childcare centers. (b) ELEMENTS .—The policy required by subsection (a) shall provide for the following: (1) Any clearance issued under the policy shall be temporary and contingent upon the satisfaction of such requirements for the issuance of a clearance on a permanent basis as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) Any individual issued a clearance on a provisional or interim basis under the policy shall be subject to such supervision in the provision of childcare services using such clearance as the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) CLEARANCE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘clearance’’, with respect to an individual and the provision of childcare services, means the formal approval of the individual, after appropriate background checks and other review, to provide childcare services to children at a military childcare center of the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 577. MULTIDISCIPLINARY TEAMS FOR MILITARY INSTALLATIONS ON CHILD ABUSE AND OTHER DOMESTIC VIOLENCE. 
(a) M ULTIDISCIPLINARY TEAMS REQUIRED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Under regulations prescribed by each Secretary concerned, there shall be established and maintained for each military installation, except as provided in paragraph (2), one or more multidisciplinary teams on child abuse and other domestic violence for the purposes specified in subsection (b). (2) SINGLE TEAM FOR PROXIMATE INSTALLA TIONS .—A single multidiscipinary team described in paragraph (1) may be established and maintained under this subsection for two or more military installations in proximity with one another if the Secretary concerned determines, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, that a single team for such installations suffices to carry out the purposes of such teams under subsection (b) for such installations. (b) PURPOSES .—The purposes of each multidisciplinary team maintained pursuant to subsection (a) shall be as follows: (1) To provide for the sharing of information among such team and other appropriate personnel on the installation or installations concerned regarding the progress of investigations into and resolutions of incidents of child abuse and other domestic violence involving members of the Armed Forces stationed at or otherwise assigned to the installation or installations. (2) To provide for and enhance collaborative efforts among such team and other appropriate personnel of the installation or installations regarding investigations into and resolutions of such incidents. (3) To enhance the social services available to military families at the installation or installations in connection with such incidents, including through the enhancement of cooperation among specialists and other personnel providing such services to such military families in connection with such incidents. (4) To carry out such other duties regarding the response to child abuse and other domestic violence at the installation or installations as the Secretary concerned considers appropriate for such purposes. (c) PERSONNEL .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Each multidisciplinary team maintained pursuant to subsection (a) shall be composed of the following: (A) One or more judge advocates. (B) Appropriate personnel of one or more military criminal investigation services. (C) Appropriate mental health professionals. (D) Appropriate medical personnel. (E) Family advocacy case workers. (F) Such other personnel as the Secretary or Secretaries concerned consider appropriate. (2) EXPERTISE AND TRAINING .—Any individual assigned to a multidisciplinary team shall possess such expertise, and shall undertake such training as is required to maintain such expertise, as the Secretary concerned shall specify for purposes of this section in order to ensure that members of the team remain appropriately qualified to carry out the purposes of the team under this section. The training and expertise so specified shall include training and expertise on special victims’ crimes, including child abuse and other domestic violence. (d) COORDINATION AND COLLABORATION WITH NONMILITARY RESOURCES .— (1) USE OF COMMUNITY RESOURCES SERVING IN STALLATIONS .—In providing under this section for a multidisciplinary team for a military installation or installations that benefit from services or resources on child abuse or other domestic violence that are provided by civilian entities in the vicinity of the installation or installations, the Secretary concerned may take the availability of such services or resources to the installation or installations into account in providing for the composition and duties of the team. (2) BEST PRACTICES .—The Secretaries concerned shall take appropriate actions to ensure that multidisciplinary teams maintained pursuant to subsection (a) remain fully and currently apprised of best practices in the civilian sector on investigations into and resolutions of incidents of child abuse and other domestic violence and on the social services provided in connection with such incidents. (3) COLLABORATION .—In providing for the enhancement of social services available to military families in accordance with subsection (b)(3), the Secretaries concerned shall permit, facilitate, and encourage multidisciplinary teams to collaborate with appropriate civilian agencies in the vicinity of the military installations concerned with regard to availability, provision, and use of such services to and by such families. (e) ANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than March 1 of each year from 2020 through 2022, each Secretary concerned shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the activities of multidisciplinary teams maintained pursuant to subsection (a) under the jurisdiction of such Secretary during the preceding year. Each report shall set forth, for the period covered by such report, the following: (1) A summary description of the activities of the multidisciplinary teams concerned, including the number and composition of such teams, the recurring activities of such teams, and any notable achievements of such teams. (2) A description of any impediments to the effectiveness of such teams. (3) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as such Secretary considers appropriate in order to improve the effectiveness of such teams. (4) Such other matters with respect to such teams as such Secretary considers appropriate. (f) SECRETARY CONCERNED .— (1) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101(a)(9) of title 10, United States Code. (2) USAGE WITH RESPECT TO MULTIPLE INSTAL LATIONS .—For purposes of this section, any reference to ‘‘Secretary concerned’’ with respect to a single multidisciplinary team established and maintained pursuant to subsection (a) for two or more military installations that are under the jurisdiction of different Secretaries concerned, shall be deemed to refer to each Secretary concerned who has jurisdiction of such an installation, acting jointly. 
SEC. 578. PILOT PROGRAM FOR MILITARY FAMILIES: PREVENTION OF CHILD ABUSE AND TRAINING ON SAFE CHILDCARE PRACTICES. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) PURPOSE .—In order to reduce child abuse and fatalities due to abuse or neglect in covered households, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Defense Health Agency, shall carry out a pilot program to— (A) provide information regarding safe childcare practices to covered households; (B) identify and assess risk factors for child abuse in covered households; and (C) facilitate connections between covered households and community resources. (2) PROHIBITION ON DELEGATION .—The Sec retary may not carry out the pilot program through the Family Advocacy Program. (3) LOCATIONS .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program at no fewer than five military 
installations that reflect a range of characteristics including the following: (A) Urban location. (B) Rural location. (C) Large population. (D) Small population. (E) High incidence of child abuse, neglect, or both. (F) Low incidence of child abuse, neglect, or both. (G) Presence of a hospital or clinic. (H) Lack of a hospital or clinic. (I) Joint installation. (J) Serving only one Armed Force. (4) TERM.—The pilot program shall terminate two years after implementation. (5) DESIGN .—The Secretary shall design the pilot program in consultation with military family groups to respond to the needs of covered households. (6) ELEMENTS .—The pilot program shall include the following elements: (A) Postnatal services, including screening to identify family needs and potential risk factors, and make referrals to appropriate community services with the use of the electronic data described in subparagraphs (F) and (G). (B) The Secretary shall identify at least three approaches to screening, identification, and referral under subparagraph (A) that empirically improve outcomes for parents and infants. (C) Services and resources designed for a covered household by the Secretary after considering the information gained from the screening and identification under subparagraph (A). Such services and resources may include or address the following: (i) General maternal and infant health exam. (ii) Safe sleeping environments. (iii) Feeding and bathing. (iv) Adequate child supervision. (v) Common hazards. (vi) Selfcare. (vii) Postpartum depression, substance abuse, or domestic violence. (viii) Community violence. (ix) Skills for management of infant crying. (x) Other positive parenting skills and practices. (xi) The importance of participating in ongoing healthcare for an infant and for treating postpartum depression. (xii) Finding, qualifying for, and participating in available community resources with respect to infant care, childcare, parenting support, and home visits. (xiii) Planning for parenting or guardianship of children during deployment and reintegration. (xiv) Such other matters as the Secretary, in consultation with military families, considers appropriate. (D) Home visits to provide support, screening and referral services shall be offered as needed. The number of visits offered shall be guided by parental interest and family need, but in general is expected to be no more than three. (E) If a parent is deployed at the time of birth— (i) the first inhome visit under subparagraph (D) shall, to the extent practicable, incorporate both parents, in person with the local parent and by electronic means with the deployed parent; and (ii) another such home visit shall be offered upon the return of the parent from deployment, and shall include both parents, if determined in the best interest of the family. (F) An electronic directory of community resources available to covered households and pilot program personnel to help covered households access such resources. (G) An electronic integrated data system to— (i) help pilot program personnel refer eligible covered beneficiaries to services and resources under the pilot program; (ii) track usage of such services and resources and interactions between such personnel and covered households; and (iii) evaluate the implementation, outcomes, and effectiveness of the pilot program. (b) VOLUNTARY PARTICIPATION .—Participation in the pilot program shall be at the election of a covered beneficiary in an eligible household. (c) OUTREACH .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after implementing the pilot program, the Secretary shall notify each covered household of the services provided under subsection (b). (2) COVERED HOUSEHOLDS WITH NEWBORNS .— No later than 30 days after a birth in a covered household, the Secretary shall contact such covered household to encourage participation in the pilot program. (d) ASSESSMENTS .— (1) NUMBER .—The Secretary shall carry out no fewer than five assessments of the pilot program. (2) COMPARISON INSTALLATIONS .—For pur poses of this subsection, the Secretary shall also select such number of other military installations the Secretary determines appropriate as comparison installations for purposes of assessing the outcomes of the pilot. (3) ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary shall assess each of the following: (A) Success in contacting covered households for participation in the pilot. (B) The percentage of covered households that elect to participate in the pilot program. (C) The extent to which covered households participating in the pilot program are connected to services and resources under the pilot program. (D) The extent to which covered households participating in the pilot program use services and resources under the pilot program. (E) Compliance of pilot program personnel with pilot program protocols. (e) REPORTS .— (1) INITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the pilot program under this section. The report shall include a comprehensive description of the assessments under subsection (d), as well as the following: (A) Which installations the Secretary selected for the pilot program under subsection (a)(2). (B) Why the Secretary selected the installations described in subparagraph (A). (C) Names of the installations the Secretary selected as comparison installations under subsection (d)(2). (D) How the pilot program is carried out, including strategy and metrics for evaluating effectiveness of the pilot program. (2) FINAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the termination of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the committees specified in paragraph (1) a final report on the pilot program. The report shall include the following: (A) A comprehensive description of, and findings of, the assessments under subsection (d). (B) A comprehensive description and assessment of the pilot. (C) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action the Secretary determines appropriate, including whether to— (i) extend the term of the pilot program; (ii) expand the pilot program to additional installations; or (iii) make the pilot program permanent. (f) DEPARTMENTAL IMPLEMENTATION .—If the Secretary determines that any element of the pilot program is effective, the Secretary shall implement such element permanently for the Department of Defense. (g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘covered household’’ means a household that— (A) contains an eligible covered beneficiary; and (B) is located at a location selected by the Secretary for the pilot program. (2) The term ‘‘eligible covered beneficiary’’ means a covered beneficiary (as that term is defined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code) who obtains prenatal or obstetrical care in a military medical treatment facility in connection with a birth covered by the pilot program. (3) With respect to a military installation, the term ‘‘community’’ means the catchment area for community services of the installation, including services provided on the installation by the Secretary and services provided by State, county, and local jurisdictions in which the installation is located, or in the vicinity of the installation. SEC. 579. ASSESSMENT AND REPORT ON SMALL BUSINESS ACTIVITIES OF MILITARY SPOUSES ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS IN THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct an assessment of the feasibility and advisability of permitting military spouses to engage in small business activities on military installations in the United States and in partnership with commissaries, exchange stores, and other morale, welfare, and recreation facilities of the Armed Forces in the United States. (b) ELEMENTS .—The assessment required under subsection (a) shall— (1) take into account the usage by military spouses of installation facilities, utilities, and other resources in the conduct of small business activities on military installations in the United States and such other matters in connection with the conduct of such business activities by military spouses as the Secretary considers appropriate; and (2) seek to identify mechanisms to ensure that costs and fees associated with the usage by military spouses of such facilities, utilities, and other resources in connection with such business activities does not meaningfully curtail or eliminate the opportunity for military spouses to profit reasonably from such business activities. (c) REPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that includes the results of the assessment, including the results with respect to each element described in subsection (b). Subtitle I—Decorations and Awards 
(a) S ERVICE CERTIFICATE REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall design and produce a military service certificate, to be known as the ‘‘Atomic Veterans Service Certificate’’, to honor retired and former members of the Armed Forces who are radiationexposed veterans (as such term is defined in section 1112(c)(3) of title 38, United States Code). (b) DISTRIBUTION OF CERTIFICATE .— (1) ISSUANCE TO RETIRED AND FORMER MEM BERS.—At the request of a radiationexposed veteran, the Secretary of Defense shall issue the Atomic Veterans Service Certificate to the veteran. (2) ISSUANCE TO NEXT OFKIN.—In the case of a radiationexposed veteran who is deceased, the Secretary may provide for issuance of the Atomic Veterans Service Certificate to the next ofkin of the person. 
SEC. 582. AWARD OF MEDALS OR OTHER COMMENDATIONS TO HANDLERS OF MILITARY WORKING DOGS. 
(a) P ROGRAM OF AWARD REQUIRED .—Each Secretary of a military department shall carry out a program to provide for the award of one or more medals or other commendations to handlers of military working dogs under the jurisdiction of such Secretary to recognize valor or meritorious achievement by such handlers and dogs. (b) MEDALS AND COMMENDATIONS .—Any medal or commendation awarded pursuant to a program under subsection (a) shall be of such design, and include such elements, as the Secretary of the military department concerned 
shall specify. The Secretary concerned may use an existing award to carry out such program. (c) PRESENTATION AND ACCEPTANCE .—Any medal or commendation awarded pursuant to a program under subsection (a) may be presented to and accepted by the handler concerned on behalf of the handler and the military working dog concerned. (d) REGULATIONS .—Medals and commendations shall be awarded under programs under subsection (a) in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense for purposes of this section. 
SEC. 583. AUTHORIZATION FOR AWARD OF DISTINGUISHEDSERVICE CROSS TO JUSTIN T. GALLEGOS FOR ACTS OF VALOR DURING OPERATION ENDURING FREEDOM. 
(a) W AIVER OF TIMELIMITATIONS .—Notwith standing the time limitations specified in section 3744 of title 10, United States Code, or any other time limitations with respect to the awarding of certain medals to persons who served in the Armed Forces, the Secretary of the Army may award the DistinguishedService Cross under section 3742 of such title to Justin T. Gallegos for the acts of valor described in subsection (b). (b) ACTS OF VALOR DESCRIBED .—The acts of valor referred to in subsection (a) are the actions of Justin T. Gallegos on October 3, 2009, as a member of the Army in the grade of Staff Sergeant, serving in Afghanistan with the 61st Cavalry Regiment, 4th Brigade Combat Team, 4th Infantry Division. Subtitle J—Miscellaneous Reports and Other Matters 
(a) D ATE OF SUBMITTAL .—Subsection (a) of section 115a of title 10, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘not later than 45 days after the date on which’’ and inserting ‘‘on the date on which’’. (b) SPECIFICATION OF ANTICIPATED OPPORTU NITIES FOR PROMOTION OF COMMISSIONED OFFICERS.—Subsection (d) of such section is amended by adding the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The opportunities for promotion of commissioned officers anticipated to be estimated pursuant to section 623(b)(4) of this title for the fiscal year in which such report is submitted for purposes of promotion selection boards convened pursuant to section 611 of this title during such fiscal year.’’. 
SEC. 592. BURIAL OF UNCLAIMED REMAINS OF INMATES AT THE UNITED STATES DISCIPLINARY BARRACKS CEMETERY, FORT LEAVENWORTH, KANSAS. 
Section 985 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘A person who is ineligible’’ in the matter preceding paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in subsection (c), a person who is ineligible’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d); and (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) UNCLAIMED REMAINS OF MILITARY PRISONERS .—Subsection (b) shall not preclude the burial at the United States Disciplinary Barracks Cemetery at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, of a military prisoner, including a military prisoner who is a person described in section 2411(b) of title 38, who dies while in custody of a military department and whose remains are not claimed by the person authorized to direct disposition of the remains or by other persons legally authorized to dispose of the remains.’’. 
SEC. 593. STANDARDIZATION OF FREQUENCY OF ACADEMY VISITS OF THE AIR FORCE ACADEMY BOARD OF VISITORS WITH ACADEMY VISITS OF BOARDS OF OTHER MILITARY SERVICE ACADEMIES. 
Section 9355 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (d) and inserting the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) The Board shall visit the Academy annually. With the approval of the Secretary of the Air Force, the Board or its members may make other visits to the Academy in connection with the duties of the Board or to consult with the Superintendent of the Academy. Board members shall have access to the Academy grounds and the cadets, faculty, staff, and other personnel of the Academy for the purposes of the duties of the Board.’’. SEC. 594. NATIONAL COMMISSION ON MILITARY, NATIONAL, AND PUBLIC SERVICE MATTERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—Section 551(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2130) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting after ‘‘United States Code)’’ the following: ‘‘or active status (as that term is defined in subsection (d)(4) of such section)’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘‘national service’’’ and inserting ‘‘‘public service’’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or State Government’’ and inserting ‘‘, State, Tribal, or local government’’; (3) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘‘public service’’’ and inserting ‘‘‘national service’’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘employment’’ and inserting ‘‘participation’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The term ‘establishment date’ means September 19, 2017.’’. (b) EXCEPTION TO PAPERWORK REDUCTION  ACT.—Section 555(e) of that Act (130 Stat. 2134) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) PAPERWORK REDUCTION ACT .—For pur poses of developing its recommendations, the information collection of the Commission may be treated as a pilot project under section 3505(a) of title 44, United States Code. In addition, the Commission shall not be subject to the requirements of section 3506(c)(2)(A) of such title.’’. 
SEC. 595. PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF TOPLINE NUMBERS OF DEPLOYED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall make publicly available, on a quarterly basis, on a website of the Department the topline numbers of members of the Armed Forces deployed for each country as of the date of the submittal of the report and the total number of members of the Armed Forces so deployed during the quarter covered by the report. (b) WAIVER .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may waive the requirement under subsection (a) in the case of a sensitive military operation if— (A) the Secretary determines the public disclosure of the number of deployed members of the Armed Forces could reasonably be expected to provide an operational military advantage to an adversary; or (B) members of the Armed Forces are deployed for a period that does not exceed 30 days. (2) NOTICE .— If the Secretary issues a waiver under this subsection, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives— (A) a notice of the waiver; and (B) the reasons for the determination to issue the waiver. (c) SENSITIVE MILITARY OPERATION DEFINED .—The term ‘‘sensitive military operation’’ has the meaning given that term in section 130f(d) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 596. REPORT ON GENERAL AND FLAG OFFICER COSTS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than nine months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on general and flag officer costs. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include cost estimates for direct and indirect costs associated with general and flag officers generally and for specific positions in accordance with the recommendations of the report of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, Office of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation titled ‘‘Defining General and Flag Officer Costs’’ dated December 2017, including— (1) direct compensation for all general and flag officers and for specific general and flag officer positions, using the full cost of manpower model to estimate where possible; (2) personal money allowances for positions that receive an allowance; (3) deferred compensation and health care costs for all general and flag officers and for specific general and flag officer positions; (4) costs associated with providing security details for specific general and flag officer positions that merit continuous security; (5) costs associated with Government and commercial travel for general and flag officers who qualify for tier one or two travel, including commercial travel costs using defense travel system data; (6) general flag officer per diems for specific positions, based on average travel per diem costs; (7) costs for enlisted and officer aide housing for general and flag officers generally and for specific general and flag officer positions, including basic housing assistance costs for staff; (8) on a casebycase basis, costs associated with enlisted and officer aide travel, taking into consideration the cost of data collection; (9) costs associated with additional support staff for general and flag officers and their travel, equipment, and per diem costs for all general and flag officers and specific general and flag officer positions based on the average numbers per general or flag officer and estimations using the full cost of manpower model; (10) costs associated with the upkeep and maintenance of official residences not captured by basic housing assistance; and (11) costs associated with training for general and flag officers generally and specific general and flag officer positions using estimations from the full cost of manpower model. SEC. 597. STUDY ON ACTIVE SERVICE OBLIGATIONS FOR MEDICAL TRAINING WITH OTHER SERVICE OBLIGATIONS FOR EDUCATION OR TRAINING AND HEALTH PROFESSIONAL RECRUITING. 
(a) R EVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a briefing and report on the effects of consecutive service on active duty service obligations for medical training as they relate to other service obligations for education or training. (b) MATTERS INCLUDED .—The briefing and report under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The extent to which consecutive active duty service obligations for medical education and training may affect recruiting and retention of health professionals in the military health system. (2) The extent to which the military departments and the Department of Defense use incentive pay authority to recruit and retain health professionals. (3) The extent to which the military departments and the Department of Defense consider geographic location and competition in the civilian health professional marketplace when developing incentive pay and competitive salaries. (4) A comparison of salaries for— (A) military physicians and dentists with critical medical and dental skills; and (B) civilian physicians and dentists with comparable skills. (5) The extent to which consecutive service obligations may result in unintended consequences relating to— 
(A) general medical officers; (B) residency training; (C) enrollment at the Uniformed Services University; and (D) other matters related to consecutive service obligations on medical training. (6) Any other matter the Comptroller General determines is appropriate. 
SEC. 598. CRITERIA FOR INTERMENT AT ARLINGTON NATIONAL CEMETERY. 
(a) C RITERIA .—The Secretary of the Army, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall prescribe revised criteria for interment at Arlington National Cemetery that preserve Arlington National Cemetery as an active burial ground ‘‘well into the future,’’ as that term is used in the report submitted by the Secretary of the Army to the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs and the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, dated February 14, 2017, and titled ‘‘The Future of Arlington National Cemetery: Report on the Cemetery’s Interment and Inurnment Capacity 2017’’. (b) DEADLINE .—The Secretary of the Army shall establish the criteria under subsection (a) not later than September 30, 2019. 
SEC. 599. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS PENDING SUBMITTAL OF REPORT ON ARMY MARKETING AND ADVERTISING PROGRAM. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Army shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the recommendations contained in the audit conducted by the Army Audit Agency of the Army’s Marketing and Advertising Program concerning contract oversight and return on investment. (2) CONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall address each of the following: (A) The mitigation and oversight measures implemented to assure improved program return and contract management including the establishment of specific goals to measure longterm effects of investments in marketing efforts. (B) The establishment of a review process to regularly evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of marketing efforts including efforts to better support the accessions missions of the Army. (C) The increase of acquisition and marketing experience within the Army Marketing and Research Group (hereafter in this section referred to as the ‘‘AMRG’’). (D) A workforce analysis of the AMRG in cooperation with the Office of Personnel Management and industry experts assessing the AMRG organizational structure, staffing, and training, including an assessment of the workplace climate and culture internal to the AMRG. (E) The establishment of an Army Marketing and Advisory Board comprised of senior Army and marketing and advertising leaders and an assessment of industry and service marketing and advertising best practices, including a plan to incorporate relevant practices. (F) The status of the implementation of contracting practices recommended by the Army Audit Agency’s audit of contracting oversight of the AMRG contained in Audit Report A–2018– 0033–MTH. (b) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—Not more than 60 percent of the amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for the AMRG for fiscal year 2019 for advertising and marketing activities may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of the Army submits the report required by subsection (a). (c) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REVIEW .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the submittal of the report required by subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of the results and implementation of the recommendations of the Army Audit Agency Audits of the AMRG on contract oversight and return on investment. Such review shall include an assessment of the effects of the implementation of the recommendations on the AMRG leadership, workforce and business practices, and return on investment. SEC. 600. PROOF OF PERIOD OF MILITARY SERVICE FOR PURPOSES OF INTEREST RATE LIMITATION UNDER THE SERVICEMEMBERS CIVIL RELIEF ACT. 
Section 207(b)(1) of the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (50 U.S.C. 3937(b)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) PROOF OF MILITARY SERVICE .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of a servicemember’s termination or release from military service, in order for an obligation or liability of the servicemember to be subject to the interest rate limitation in subsection (a), the servicemember shall provide to the creditor written notice and a copy of— ‘‘(i) the military orders calling the servicemember to military service and any orders further extending military service; or ‘‘(ii) any other appropriate indicator of military service, including a certified letter from a commanding officer. ‘‘(B) INDEPENDENT VERIFICATION BY CRED ITOR.— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—A creditor may use, in lieu of notice and documentation under subparagraph (A), information retrieved from the Defense Manpower Data Center through the creditor’s normal business reviews of such Center for purposes of obtaining information indicating that the servicemember is on active duty. ‘‘(ii) SAFE HARBOR .—A creditor that uses the information retrieved from the Defense Manpower Data Center under clause (i) with respect to a servicemember has not failed to treat the debt of the servicemember in accordance with subsection (a) if— ‘‘(I) such information indicates that, on the date the creditor retrieves such information, the servicemember is not on active duty; and ‘‘(II) the creditor has not, by the end of the 180day period under subparagraph (A), received the written notice and documentation required under that subparagraph with respect to the servicemember.’’. TITLE VI—COMPENSATION AND OTHER PERSONNEL BENEFITS Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances Sec. 601. Repeal of authority for payment of personal money allowances to Navy officers serving in certain positions. Sec. 602. Eligibility of reserve component members for highdeployment allowance for lengthy or numerous deployments and frequent mobilizations. Sec. 603. Prohibition on per diem allowance reductions based on the duration of temporary duty assignment or civilian travel. Sec. 604. Extension of parking expenses allowance to civilian employees at recruiting facilities. Sec. 605. Eligibility of reserve component members for nonreduction in pay while serving in the uniformed services or National Guard. Sec. 606. Military Housing Privatization Initiative. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special Incentive Pays Sec. 611. Oneyear extension of certain expiring bonus and special pay authorities. Sec. 612. Report on imminent danger pay and hostile fire pay. Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 621. Extension of certain morale, welfare, and recreation privileges to certain veterans and their caregivers. Sec. 622. Technical corrections in calculation and publication of special survivor indemnity allowance cost of living adjustments. Sec. 623. Authority to award damaged personal protective equipment to members separating from the Armed Forces and veterans as mementos of military service. Sec. 624. Spaceavailable travel on Department of Defense aircraft for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities rated as total. Sec. 625. Mandatory increase in insurance coverage under Servicemembers’ Group Life Insurance for members deployed to combat theaters of operation. Sec. 626. Access to military installations for certain surviving spouses and other next of kin of members of the Armed Forces who die while on active duty or certain reserve duty. Sec. 627. Study and report on development of a single defense resale system. Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances SEC. 601. REPEAL OF AUTHORITY FOR PAYMENT OF PERSONAL MONEY ALLOWANCES TO NAVY OFFICERS SERVING IN CERTAIN POSITIONS. 
(a) R EPEAL .—Section 414 of title 37, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (b); and (2) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (b). (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on December 31, 2018, and shall apply with respect to personal money allowances payable under section 414 of title 37, United States Code, for years beginning after that date. 
SEC. 602. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS FOR HIGHDEPLOYMENT ALLOWANCE FOR LENGTHY OR NUMEROUS DEPLOYMENTS AND FREQUENT MOBILIZATIONS. 
Section 436(a)(2)(C)(ii) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘section 12304b of title 10 or’’ after ‘‘under’’ the first place it appears. 
SEC. 603. PROHIBITION ON PER DIEM ALLOWANCE REDUCTIONS BASED ON THE DURATION OF TEMPORARY DUTY ASSIGNMENT OR CIVILIAN TRAVEL. 
(a) M EMBERS .—Section 474(d)(3) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretary of a military department shall not alter the amount of the per diem allowance, or the maximum amount of reimbursement, for a locality based on the duration of the temporary duty assignment in the locality of a member of the armed forces under the jurisdiction of the Secretary.’’. (b) CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES .—Section 5702(a)(2) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The Secretary of Defense shall not alter the amount of the per diem allowance, or the maximum amount of reimbursement, for a locality based on the duration of the travel in the locality of an employee of the Department.’’. (c) REPEALS .— (1) EXISTING POLICY AND REGULATIONS .—The policy, and any regulations issued pursuant to such policy, implemented by the Secretary of Defense on November 1, 2014, with respect to reductions in per diem allowances based on duration of temporary duty assignment or civilian travel shall have no force or effect. (2) ATTEMPTED STATUTORY FIX .—Section 672 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 37 U.S.C. 474 note; 130 Stat. 2178) is repealed. 
SEC. 604. EXTENSION OF PARKING EXPENSES ALLOWANCE TO CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES AT RECRUITING FACILITIES. 
Section 481i(b)(1) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘as a recruiter for any’’ and inserting ‘‘at a recruiting facility’’. 
SEC. 605. ELIGIBILITY OF RESERVE COMPONENT MEMBERS FOR NONREDUCTION IN PAY WHILE SERVING IN THE UNIFORMED SERVICES OR NATIONAL GUARD. 
Section 5538(a) of title 5, United States Code, is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘section 12304b of title 10 or’’ after ‘‘under’’. 
(a) P AYMENT AUTHORITY .—Each month beginning on the first month after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall pay a lessor of covered housing 5 percent of the amount calculated under section 403(b)(3)(A)(i) of title 37, United States Code, for the area in which the covered housing exists. Any such payment shall be in addition to any other payment made by the Secretary to that lessor. (b) PLAN FOR MHPI H OUSING .—Not later than December 1, 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a long range plan to develop measures to consistently address the future sustainment, recapitalization, and financial condition of MHPI housing. The plan shall include— (1) efforts to mitigate the losses incurred by MHPI housing projects because of the reductions to BAH under section 603 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 11492; 37 U.S.C. 403(b)(3)(B)); and (2) a full assessment of the effects of such reductions (in relation to calculations of market rates for rent and utilities) on the financial condition of MHPI housing. (c) REPORTING .—The Secretary shall direct the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment to take the following steps regarding reports under section 2884(c) of title 10, United States Code: (1) Provide additional contextual information on MHPI housing to identify any differences in the calculation of debt coverage ratios and any effect of such differences on their comparability. (2) Immediately resume issuing such reports on the financial condition of MHPI housing. (3) Revise Department of Defense guidance on MHPI housing— (A) to ensure that relevant financial data (such as debt coverage ratios) in such reports are consistent and comparable in terms of the time periods of the data collected; (B) to include a requirement that the secretary of each military department includes measures of future sustainment into each assessments of MHPI housing projects; and (C) to require the secretary of each military department to define risk tolerance regarding the future sustainability of MHPI housing projects. (4) Report financial information on future sustainment of each MHPI housing project in such reports. (5) Provide Department of Defense guidance to the secretaries of the military departments to— (A) assess the significance of the specific risks to individual MHPI housing projects from the reduction in BAH; and (B) identify methods to mitigate such risks based on their significance. (6) Not later than December 1, 2018, finalize Department of Defense guidance that clearly defines— (A) the circumstances in which the military departments shall provide notification of housing project changes to the congressional defense committees; and (B) which types of such changes require prior notification to or prior approval from the congressional defense committees. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘BAH’’ means the basic allowance for housing under section 403 of title 37, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘covered housing’’ means a unit of MHPI housing that is leased to a member of a uniformed service who resides in such unit. (3) The term ‘‘MHPI housing’’ means housing acquired or constructed under the alternative authority of subchapter IV of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code (known as the Military Housing Privatization Initiative) on or before September 30, 2014. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special Incentive Pays SEC. 611. ONEYEAR EXTENSION OF CERTAIN EXPIRING BONUS AND SPECIAL PAY AUTHORITIES. 
(a) A UTHORITIES RELATING TO RESERVE  FORCES .—Section 910(g) of title 37, United States Code, relating to income replacement payments for reserve component members experiencing extended and frequent mobilization for active duty service, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (b) TITLE 10 A UTHORITIES RELATING TO  HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS .—The following sections of title 10, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’: (1) Section 2130a(a)(1), relating to nurse officer candidate accession program. (2) Section 16302(d), relating to repayment of education loans for certain health professionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. (c) AUTHORITIES RELATING TO NUCLEAR OFFICERS.—Section 333(i) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (d) AUTHORITIES RELATING TO TITLE 37 C ONSOLIDATED SPECIAL PAY, INCENTIVE PAY, AND BONUS AUTHORITIES .—The following sections of title 37, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’: (1) Section 331(h), relating to general bonus authority for enlisted members. (2) Section 332(g), relating to general bonus authority for officers. (3) Section 334(i), relating to special aviation incentive pay and bonus authorities for officers. (4) Section 335(k), relating to special bonus and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions. (5) Section 336(g), relating to contracting bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. (6) Section 351(h), relating to hazardous duty pay. (7) Section 352(g), relating to assignment pay or special duty pay. (8) Section 353(i), relating to skill incentive pay or proficiency bonus. (9) Section 355(h), relating to retention incentives for members qualified in critical military skills or assigned to high priority units. (e) AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE TEMPORARY INCREASE IN RATES OF BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR  HOUSING .—Section 403(b)(7)(E) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
SEC. 612. REPORT ON IMMINENT DANGER PAY AND HOSTILE FIRE PAY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report examining the current processes for awarding imminent danger pay and hostile fire pay to members of the Armed Forces. (b) ELEMENTS .—This report under this section shall include the following: (1) An analysis of difficulties in implementing the current system. (2) An explanation of how geographic regions are selected to be eligible for such pay and the criteria used to define these regions. (3) An examination of whether the current geographic model is the most appropriate way to award such pay, including the following: (A) A discussion of whether the current model most accurately reflects the realities of modern warfare and is responsive enough to the needs of members. (B) Whether the Secretary believes it would be appropriate to tie such pay to specific authorizations for deployments (including deployments of special operations forces) in addition to geographic criteria. (C) A description of any change the Secretary would consider to update such pay to reflect the current operational environment. (D) How the Secretary would implement each change under subparagraph (C). (E) Recommendations of the Secretary for related regulations or legislative action. Subtitle C—Other Matters SEC. 621. EXTENSION OF CERTAIN MORALE, WELFARE, AND RECREATION PRIVILEGES TO CERTAIN VETERANS AND THEIR CAREGIVERS. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Purple Heart and Disabled Veterans Equal Access Act of 2018’’. (b) COMMISSARY STORES AND MWR F ACILITIES  PRIVILEGES FOR CERTAIN VETERANS AND VETERAN CAREGIVERS .— (1) EXTENSION OF PRIVILEGES .—Chapter 54 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 1065. Use of commissary stores and MWR facilities: certain veterans and caregivers for veterans ‘‘(a) ELIGIBILITY OF VETERANS AWARDED THE  PURPLE HEART.—A veteran who was awarded the Purple Heart shall be permitted to use commissary stores and MWR facilities on the same basis as a member of the armed forces entitled to retired or retainer pay. ‘‘(b) ELIGIBILITY OF VETERANS WHOARE MEDAL OF HONOR RECIPIENTS .—A veteran who is a Medal of Honor recipient shall be permitted to use commissary stores and MWR facilities on the same basis as a member of the armed forces entitled to retired or retainer pay. ‘‘(c) ELIGIBILITY OF VETERANS WHOARE FORMER PRISONERS OF WAR.—A veteran who is a former prisoner of war shall be permitted to use commissary stores and MWR facilities on the same basis as a member of the armed forces entitled to retired or retainer pay. ‘‘(d) ELIGIBILITY OF VETERANS WITHSERVICE  CONNECTED DISABILITIES .—A veteran with a serviceconnected disability shall be permitted to use commissary stores and MWR facilities on the same basis as a member of the armed forces entitled to retired or retainer pay. ‘‘(e) ELIGIBILITY OF CAREGIVERS FOR VETERANS .—A caregiver or family caregiver shall be permitted to use commissary stores and MWR facilities on the same basis as a member of the armed forces entitled to retired or retainer pay. ‘‘(f) USERFEEAUTHORITY .—(1) The Secretary of Defense shall prescribe regulations that impose a user fee on individuals who are eligible solely under this section to purchase merchandise at a commissary store or MWR retail facility. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall set the user fee under this subsection at a rate that the Secretary determines will offset any increase in expenses arising from this section borne by the Department of the Treasury on behalf of commissary stores associated with the use of credit or debit cards for customer purchases, including expenses related to card network use and related transaction processing fees. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall deposit funds collected pursuant to a user fee under this subsection in the General Fund of the Treasury. ‘‘(4) Any fee under this subsection is in addition to the uniform surcharge under section 2484(d) of this title. ‘‘(g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘MWR facilities’ includes— ‘‘(A) MWR retail facilities, as that term is defined in section 1063(e) of this title; and ‘‘(B) military lodging operated by the Department of Defense for the morale, welfare, and recreation of members of the armed forces. ‘‘(2) The term ‘Medal of Honor recipient’ has the meaning given that term in section 1074h(c) of this title. 
‘‘(3) The terms ‘veteran’, ‘former prisoner of war’, and ‘serviceconnected’ have the meanings given those terms in section 101 of title 38. ‘‘(4) The terms ‘caregiver’ and ‘family caregiver’ have the meanings given those terms in section in section 1720G(d) of title 38.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 54 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘1065. Use of commissary stores and MWR facilities: certain veterans and caregivers for veterans.’’. (3) EFFECTIVE DATE .—Section 1065 of title 10, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1), shall take effect on January 1, 2020. (4) BRIEFING REQUIRED .—Not later than October 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a briefing on the plan of the Secretary to implement section 1065 of title 10, United States Code, as added by paragraph (1). 
SEC. 622. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS IN CALCULATION AND PUBLICATION OF SPECIAL SURVIVOR INDEMNITY ALLOWANCE COST OF LIVING ADJUSTMENTS. 
(a) M ONTHS FOR WHICH ADJUSTMENT APPLICA BLE.—Paragraph (2) of section 1450(m) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘December’’ and inserting ‘‘November’’; and (2) in subparagraph (J), by striking ‘‘for months during any calendar year after 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘for months after November 2018’’. (b) COST OF LIVING ADJUSTMENT .—Paragraph (6) of such section is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘
2018’’; and (2) by striking subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Whenever retired pay is increased for a month under section 1401a of this title (or any other provision of law), the amount of the allowance payable under paragraph (1) for that month shall also be increased. ‘‘(B) AMOUNT OF INCREASE .—With respect to an eligible survivor of a member of the uniformed services, the increase for a month shall be— ‘‘(i) the amount payable pursuant to paragraph (2) for months during the preceding 12 month period; plus ‘‘(ii) an amount equal to a percentage of the amount determined pursuant to clause (i), which percentage is the percentage by which the retired pay of the member would have increased for the month, as described in subparagraph (A), if the member was alive (and otherwise entitled to such pay). ‘‘(C) ROUNDING DOWN .—The monthly amount of an allowance payable under this subsection, if not a multiple of $1, shall be rounded to the next lower multiple of $1. ‘‘(D) PUBLIC NOTICE ON AMOUNT OF ALLOW ANCE PAYABLE .—Whenever an increase in the amount of the allowance payable under paragraph (1) is made pursuant to this paragraph, the Secretary of Defense shall publish the amount of the allowance so payable by reason of such increase, including the months for which payable.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on December 1, 2018. 
SEC. 623. AUTHORITY TO AWARD DAMAGED PERSONAL PROTECTIVE EQUIPMENT TO MEMBERS SEPARATING FROM THE ARMED FORCES AND VETERANS AS MEMENTOS OF MILITARY SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 152 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2568a. Damaged personal protective equipment: award to members separating from the Armed Forces and veterans ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Secretary of a military department, acting through a disposition service distribution center of the Defense Logistics Agency, may award to a covered individual the demilitarized PPE of that covered individual. The award of PPE under this section shall be without cost to the covered individual. ‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered individual’ means— ‘‘(A) a member of the armed forces— ‘‘(i) under the jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned; and ‘‘(ii) who is separating from the armed forces; or ‘‘(B) a veteran who was under the jurisdiction of the Secretary concerned while a member of the armed forces. ‘‘(2) The term ‘PPE’ means personal protective equipment that was damaged in combat or otherwise— ‘‘(A) during the deployment of a covered individual; and ‘‘(B) after September 11, 2001.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 152 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2568a. Damaged personal protective equipment: award to members separating from the armed forces and veterans.’’. 
SEC. 624. SPACEAVAILABLE TRAVEL ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AIRCRAFT FOR VETERANS WITH SERVICECONNECTED DISABILITIES RATED AS TOTAL. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (c) of section 2641b of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4) Subject to subsection (f), veterans with a permanent serviceconnected disability rated as total.’’. (b) CONDITIONS AND LIMITATIONS .—Such sec tion is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) VETERANS WITHSERVICE CONNECTED DISABILITIES RATED AS TOTAL.—(1) Travel may not be provided under this section to a veteran eligible for travel pursuant to subsection (c)(4) in priority over any member eligible for travel under subsection (c)(1) or any dependent of such a member eligible for travel under this section. ‘‘(2) The authority in subsection (c)(4) may not be construed as affecting or in any way imposing on the Department of Defense, any armed force, or any commercial company with which they contract an obligation or expectation that they will retrofit or alter, in any way, military aircraft or commercial aircraft, or related equipment or facilities, used or leased by the Department or such armed force to accommodate passengers provided travel under such authority on account of disability. ‘‘(3) The authority in subsection (c)(4) may not be construed as preempting the authority of a flight commander to determine who boards the aircraft and any other matters in connection with safe operation of the aircraft.’’. 
SEC. 625. MANDATORY INCREASE IN INSURANCE COVERAGE UNDER SERVICEMEMBERS’ GROUP LIFE INSURANCE FOR MEMBERS DEPLOYED TO COMBAT THEATERS OF OPERATION. 
Section 1967(a)(3) of title 38, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘subparagraphs (B) and (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D)’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) In the case of a member who elects under paragraph (2)(A) not to be insured under this section, or who elects under subparagraph (B) to be insured for an amount less than the maximum amount provided under subparagraph (A), and who is deployed to a combat theater of operations the member— ‘‘(i) shall be insured under this subchapter for the maximum amount provided under subparagraph (A) for the period of such deployment; and ‘‘(ii) upon the end of such deployment— ‘‘(I) shall be insured in the amount elected by the member under subparagraph (B); or ‘‘(II) shall not be insured, if so elected under paragraph (2)(A).’’. SEC. 626. ACCESS TO MILITARY INSTALLATIONS FOR CERTAIN SURVIVING SPOUSES AND OTHER NEXT OF KIN OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES WHO DIE WHILE ON ACTIVE DUTY OR CERTAIN RESERVE DUTY. 
(a) P ROCEDURES FOR ACCESS OF SURVIVING  SPOUSES REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense, acting jointly with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall establish procedures by which an eligible surviving spouse may obtain unescorted access, as appropriate, to military installations in order to receive benefits to which the eligible surviving spouse may be entitled by law or policy. (b) PROCEDURES FOR ACCESS OF NEXT OF KIN AUTHORIZED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, acting jointly with the Secretary of Homeland Security, may establish procedures by which the next of kin of a covered member of the Armed Forces, in addition to an eligible surviving spouse, may obtain access to military installations for such purposes and under such conditions as the Secretaries jointly consider appropriate. (2) NEXT OF KIN .—If the Secretaries establish procedures pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretaries shall jointly specify the individuals who shall constitute next of kin for purposes of such procedures. (c) CONSIDERATIONS .—Any procedures established under this section shall— (1) be applied consistently across the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security, including all components of the Departments; (2) minimize any administrative burden on a surviving spouse or dependent child, including through the elimination of any requirement for a surviving spouse to apply as a personal agent for continued access to military installations in accompaniment of a dependent child; (3) take into account measures required to ensure the security of military installations, including purpose and eligibility for access and renewal periodicity; and (4) take into account such other factors as the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of Homeland Security considers appropriate. (d) DEADLINE .—The procedures required by subsection (a) shall be established by the date that is not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘eligible surviving spouse’’ means an individual who is a surviving spouse of a covered member of the Armed Forces, without regard to whether the individual remarries after the death of the covered member of the Armed Forces. (2) The term ‘‘covered member of the Armed Forces’’ means a member of the Armed Forces who dies while serving— (A) on active duty; or (B) on such reserve duty as the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security may jointly specify for purposes of this section. 
SEC. 627. STUDY AND REPORT ON DEVELOPMENT OF A SINGLE DEFENSE RESALE SYSTEM. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a study to determine the feasibility of consolidating the military resale entities into a 
single defense resale system. Such study shall include the following: (1) A financial assessment of consolidation of the military resale entities. (2) A business case analysis of consolidation of the military resale entities. (3) Organizational, operational, and business model integration plans for consolidation of the military resale entities. (4) Determinations of which backoffice processes and systems associated with finance and payment processing technologies the Secretary could convert to common technologies. (b) REPORT .—Not later than January 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees regarding the study under subsection (a). That report shall contain the following: (1) Details of the internal and external organizational structures of a consolidated defense resale system. (2) Recommendations of the Secretaries of each of the military departments regarding the plan to consolidate the military resale entities. (3) The costs and associated plan for the merger of technologies or implementation of new technology from a thirdparty provider to standardize financial management and accounting processes of a consolidated defense resale system. (4) Best practices to maximize reductions in costs associated with backoffice retail payment processing for a consolidated defense resale system. (5) A timeline for converting the Defense Commissary Agency into a nonappropriated fund instrumentality under section 2484(j) of title 10, United States Code. (6) A determination whether the business case analysis supports consolidation of the military resale entities. (7) Recommendations of the Secretary for legislation related to consolidation of the military resale entities. (8) Other elements the Secretary determines are necessary for a successful evaluation of a consolidation of the military resale entities. (c) PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS.—None of the amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for the purpose of implementing consolidation of the military resale entities until October 1, 2019. (d) MILITARY RESALE ENTITIES DEFINED .—In this section the term ‘‘military resale entities’’ means— (1) the Defense Commissary Agency; (2) the Army and Air Force Exchange Service; (3) the Navy Exchange; and (4) the Marine Corps Exchange. TITLE VII—HEALTH CARE PROVISIONS Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits Sec. 701. Cessation of requirement for mental health assessment of members after redeployment from a contingency operation upon discharge or release from the Armed Forces. Sec. 702. Pilot program on treatment of members of the Armed Forces for posttraumatic stress disorder related to military sexual trauma. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration Sec. 711. Improvement of administration of the Defense Health Agency and military medical treatment facilities. Sec. 712. Organizational framework of the military healthcare system to support the medical requirements of the combatant commands. Sec. 713. Administration of TRICARE dental plans through the Federal Employees Dental and Vision Insurance Program. Sec. 714. Streamlining of TRICARE Prime beneficiary referral process. Sec. 715. Sharing of information with State prescription drug monitoring programs. Sec. 716. Pilot program on opioid management in the military health system. Sec. 717. Wounded warrior policy review. Sec. 718. Medical simulation technology and live tissue training within the Department of Defense. Sec. 719. Improvements to trauma center partnerships. Sec. 720. Improvement to notification to Congress of hospitalization of combat wounded members of the Armed Forces. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 731. Extension of authority for Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund. Sec. 732. Joint forces medical capabilities development and standardization. Sec. 733. Inclusion of gambling disorder in health assessments of members of the Armed Forces and related research efforts. Sec. 734. Report on requirement for certain former members of the Armed Forces to enroll in Medicare Part B to be eligible for TRICARE for Life. Sec. 735. Pilot program on earning by special operations forces medics of credit toward a physician assistant degree. Sec. 736. Strategic medical research plan. Sec. 737. Comptroller General of the United States review of Defense Health Agency oversight of transition between managed care support contractors for the TRICARE program. Sec. 738. Comptroller General study on availability of longterm care options for veterans from Department of Veterans Affairs. Sec. 739. Increase in number of appointed members of the Henry M. Jackson Foundation for the Advancement of Military Medicine. Subtitle A—TRICARE and Other Health Care Benefits SEC. 701. CESSATION OF REQUIREMENT FOR MENTAL HEALTH ASSESSMENT OF MEMBERS AFTER REDEPLOYMENT FROM A CONTINGENCY OPERATION UPON DISCHARGE OR RELEASE FROM THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1074m of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(C), by striking ‘‘Once’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to subsection (d), once’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(D)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (C) or (D) of subsection (a)(1)’’. 
SEC. 702. PILOT PROGRAM ON TREATMENT OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES FOR POSTTRAUMATIC STRESS DISORDER RELATED TO MILITARY SEXUAL TRAUMA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of using intensive outpatient programs to treat members of the Armed Forces suffering from posttraumatic stress disorder resulting from military sexual trauma, including treatment for substance abuse, depression, and other issues related to such conditions. (b) DISCHARGE THROUGH PARTNERSHIPS .—The pilot program authorized by subsection (a) shall be carried out through partnerships with public, private, and nonprofit health care organizations, universities, and institutions that— (1) provide health care to members of the Armed Forces; (2) provide evidencebased treatment for psychological and neurological conditions that are common among members of the Armed Forces, including posttraumatic stress disorder, traumatic brain injury, substance abuse, and depression; (3) provide health care, support, and other benefits to family members of members of the Armed Forces; and (4) provide health care under the TRICARE program (as that term is defined in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code). (c) PROGRAM ACTIVITIES .—Each organization or institution that participates in a partnership under the pilot program authorized by subsection (a) shall— (1) carry out intensive outpatient programs of short duration to treat members of the Armed Forces suffering from posttraumatic stress disorder resulting from military sexual trauma, including treatment for substance abuse, depression, and other issues related to such conditions; (2) use evidencebased and evidenceinformed treatment strategies in carrying out such programs; (3) share clinical and outreach best practices with other organizations and institutions participating in the pilot program; and (4) annually assess outcomes for members of the Armed Forces individually and among the organizations and institutions participating in the pilot program with respect to the treatment of conditions described in paragraph (1). (d) EVALUATION METRICS .—Before commencement of the pilot program, the Secretary shall establish metrics to be used to evaluate the effectiveness of the pilot program and the activities under the pilot program. (e) REPORTS .— (1) INITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program authorized by subsection (a). The report shall include a description of the pilot program and such other matters on the pilot program as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) FINAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the cessation of the pilot program under subsection (f), the Secretary shall submit to the committees of Congress referred to in paragraph (1) a report on the pilot program. The report shall include the following: (A) A description of the pilot program, including the partnerships under the pilot program as described in subsection (b). (B) An assessment of the effectiveness of the pilot program and the activities under the pilot program. (C) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the pilot program, including recommendations for extension or making permanent the authority for the pilot program. (f) TERMINATION .—The Secretary may not carry out the pilot program authorized by subsection (a) after the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration 
SEC. 711. IMPROVEMENT OF ADMINISTRATION OF THE DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY AND MILITARY MEDICAL TREATMENT FACILITIES. 
(a) A DMINISTRATION OF FACILITIES BY DIRECTOR OF DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1073c of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Beginning October 1, 2018,’’ and inserting ‘‘In accordance with paragraph (4), by not later than September 30, 2021,’’; (B) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (5), respectively; 
(C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) In addition to the responsibilities set forth in paragraph (1), the Director of the Defense Health Agency shall, commencing when the Director begins to exercise responsibilities under that paragraph, have the authority— ‘‘(A) to direct, control, and serve as the primary rater of the performance of commanders or directors of military medical treatment facilities; ‘‘(B) to direct and control any intermediary organizations between the Defense Health Agency and military medical treatment facilities; ‘‘(C) to determine the scope of medical care provided at each military medical treatment facility to meet the military personnel readiness requirements of the senior military operational commander of the military installation; ‘‘(D) to determine total workforce requirements at each military medical treatment facility; ‘‘(E) to direct joint manning at military medical treatment facilities and intermediary organizations; ‘‘(F) to address personnel staffing shortages at military medical treatment facilities; and ‘‘(G) to select among service nominations for commanders or directors of military medical treatment facilities.’’; (D) by inserting after paragraph (3), as redesignated by subparagraph (B), the following new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4) The Secretary of Defense shall establish a timeline to ensure that each Secretary of a military department transitions the administration of military medical treatment facilities from such Secretary to the Director of the Defense Health Agency pursuant to paragraph (1) by the date specified in such paragraph.’’; and (E) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘subsection (a)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (1) and (2)’’. (2) COMBAT SUPPORT RESPONSIBILITIES .—Sub section (d)(2) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) Ensuring that the Defense Health Agency meets the military medical readiness requirements of the senior military operational commanders of the military installations.’’. (3) LIMITATION ON CLOSURES AND DOWNSIZINGS  
IN CONNECTION WITH TRANSITION OF ADMINISTRA TION.—In carrying out the transition of responsibility for the administration of military medical treatment facilities pursuant to subsection (a) of section 1073c of title 10, United States Code (as amended by paragraph (1)), and in addition to any other applicable requirements under section 1073d of that title, the Secretary of Defense may not close any military medical treatment facility, or downsize any medical center, hospital, or ambulatory care center (as specified in section 1073d of that title), that addresses the medical needs of beneficiaries and the community in the vicinity of such facility, center, hospital, or care center until the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (A) A description of the methodology and criteria to be used by the Secretary to make decisions to close any military medical treatment facility, or to downsize any medical center, hospital, or ambulatory care center, in connection with the transition, including input from the military department concerned. (B) A requirement that no closure of a military medical treatment facility, or downsizing of a medical center, hospital, or ambulatory care center, in connection with the transition will occur until 90 days after the date on which Secretary submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the closure or downsizing. (b) ADDITIONAL DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 1073c of such title is further amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (f); and (B) by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) ADDITIONAL DHA O RGANIZATIONS .—Not later than September 30, 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall, acting though the Director of the Defense Health Agency, establish within the Defense Health Agency the following: ‘‘(1) A subordinate organization, to be called the Defense Health Agency Research and Development— ‘‘(A) led, at the election of the Director, by a director or commander (to be called the Director or Commander of Defense Health Agency Research and Development); ‘‘(B) comprised of the Army Medical Research and Materiel Command and such other medical research organizations and activities of the armed forces as the Secretary considers appropriate; and ‘‘(C) responsible for coordinating funding for Defense Health Program Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation, the Congressionally Directed Medical Research Program, and related Department of Defense medical research. ‘‘(2) A subordinate organization, to be called the Defense Health Agency Public Health— ‘‘(A) led, at the election of the Director, by a director or commander (to be called the Director or Commander of Defense Health Agency Public Health); and ‘‘(B) comprised of the Army Public Health Command, the Navy–Marine Corps Public Health Command, Air Force public health programs, and any other related defense health activities that the Secretary considers appropriate, including overseas laboratories focused on preventive medicine, environmental health, and similar matters.’’. (2) REPORT ON FEASIBILITY OF FURTHER ADDI TIONAL ORGANIZATION IN DHA .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on a study, conducted by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the feasibility of establishing with the Defense Health Agency a subordinate organization, to be called the Defense Health Agency Education and Training, to be led by the President of the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences and to be comprised of the current Medical Education and Training Campus, the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences, the medical education and training commands of the Armed Forces, and such other elements, facilities, and commands of the Department of Defense as the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) REPORT ON FEASIBILITY OF SUPERSEDING  ORGANIZATION FOR DHA.— (1) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on a study, conducted by the Secretary for purposes of the report, of the feasibility of establishing a command, to be called the Defense Health Command, as a superseding organization to the Defense Health Agency. (2) ELEMENTS .—If the Secretary determines in the report under paragraph (1) that a command as a superseding organization to the Defense Health Agency is feasible, the report shall include the following: (A) A description of the required responsibilities of the commander of the command. (B) A description of any current organizations that support the Defense Health Agency to be included in the command. (C) A description of any authorities required for the leadership and direction of the command. (D) Any other matters in the connection with the establishment, operations, and activities of the command that the Secretary considers appropriate. SEC. 712. ORGANIZATIONAL FRAMEWORK OF THE MILITARY HEALTHCARE SYSTEM TO SUPPORT THE MEDICAL REQUIREMENTS OF THE COMBATANT COMMANDS. 
(a) O RGANIZATIONAL FRAMEWORK REQUIRED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Director of the Defense Health Agency, implement an organizational framework for the military healthcare system that most effectively implements chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code, in a manner that maximizes interoperability and fully integrates medical capabilities of the Armed Forces in order to enhance joint military medical operations in support of requirements of the combatant commands. (2) COMPLIANCE WITH CERTAIN REQUIRE MENTS .—The organizational framework, as implemented, shall comply with all requirements of section 1073c of title 10, United States Code, except for the implementation date specified in subsection (a) of such section. (b) DEFENSE HEALTH REGIONS IN CONUS.— The organizational framework required by subsection (a) shall meet the requirements as follows: (1) DEFENSE HEALTH REGIONS .—There shall be not more than two defense health regions in the continental United States. (2) LEADERS .—Each region under paragraph (1) shall be led by a commander or director who is a member of the Armed Forces serving in a grade not higher than major general or rear admiral, and who— (A) shall be selected by the Director of the Defense Health Agency from among members of the Armed Forces recommended by the Secretaries of the military departments for service in such position; and (B) shall be under the authority, direction, and control of the Director while serving in such position. (c) DEFENSE HEALTH REGIONS OCONUS.—The organizational framework required by subsection (a) shall provide for the establishment of not more than two defense health regions outside the continental United States in order— (1) to enhance joint military medical operations in support of the requirements of the combatant commands in such region or regions, with a specific focus on current and future contingency and operational plans; (2) to ensure the provision of highquality healthcare services to beneficiaries; and (3) to improve the interoperability of healthcare delivery systems in the defense health regions (whether under this subsection, subsection (b), or both). (d) PLANNING AND COORDINATION .— (1) SUSTAINMENT OF CLINICAL COMPETENCIES  
AND STAFFING .—The Director of the Defense Health Agency shall— (A) provide in each defense health region under this section healthcare delivery venues for uniformed medical and dental personnel to obtain operational clinical competencies; and (B) coordinate with the military departments to ensure that staffing at military medical treatment facilities in each region supports readiness requirements for members of the Armed Forces and military medical personnel. (2) OVERSIGHT AND ALLOCATION OF RE SOURCES .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Director shall, consistent with section 193 of title 10, United States Code, coordinate with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, through the Joint Staff Surgeon, to conduct oversight and direct resources to support requirements related to readiness and operational medicine support that are validated by the Joint Staff. (B) SUPPLY AND DEMAND FOR MEDICAL SERV ICES.—Based on operational medical force readiness requirements of the combatant commands validated by the Joint Staff, the Director shall— (i) validate supply and demand requirements for medical and dental services at each military medical treatment facility; 
(ii) in coordination with the Surgeons General of the Armed Forces, provide currency workload for uniformed medical and dental personnel at each such facility to maintain skills proficiency; and (iii) if workload is insufficient to meet requirements, identify alternative training and clinical practice sites for uniformed medical and dental personnel, and establish militarycivilian training partnerships, to provide such workload. (e) ADDITIONAL DUTIES OF SURGEONS GENERAL  
OF THE ARMED FORCES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Surgeons General of the Armed Forces shall have the duties as follows: (A) To assign uniformed medical and dental personnel of the military department concerned to military medical treatment facilities for training activities specific to such military department and for operational and training missions, during which assignment such personnel shall be under the operational control of the commander or director of the military medical treatment facility concerned, subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Director of the Defense Health Agency. (B) To ensure the readiness for operational deployment of medical and dental personnel and deployable medical or dental teams or units of the Armed Force or Armed Forces concerned. (C) To provide logistical support for operational deployment of medical and dental personnel and deployable medical or dental teams or units of the Armed Force or Armed Forces concerned. (D) To oversee mobilization and demobilization in connection with the operational deployment of medical and dental personnel of the Armed Force or Armed Forces concerned. (E) To carry out operational medical and dental force development for the military department concerned. (F) In coordination with the Secretary concerned, to ensure that the operational medical force readiness organizations of the Armed Forces support the medical and dental readiness responsibilities of the Director. (G) To develop operational medical capabilities required to support the warfighter, and to develop policy relating to such capabilities. (H) To provide health professionals to serve in leadership positions across the military healthcare system. (2) MEDICAL FORCE REQUIREMENTS OF THE  
COMBATANT COMMANDS .—The Surgeon General of each Armed Force shall, on behalf of the Secretary concerned, ensure that the uniformed medical and dental personnel serving in such Armed Force receive training and clinical practice opportunities necessary to ensure that such personnel are capable of meeting the operational medical force requirements of the combatant commands applicable to such personnel. Such training and practice opportunities shall be provided through programs and activities of the Defense Health Agency and by such other mechanisms as the Secretary of Defense shall designate for purposes of this paragraph. (3) CONSTRUCTION OF DUTIES .—The duties of a Surgeon General of the Armed Forces under this subsection are in addition to the duties of such Surgeon General under section 3036, 5137, or 8036 of title 10, United States Code, as applicable. (f) REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that sets forth the following: (1) A description of the organizational structure of the office of each Surgeon General of the Armed Forces, and of any subordinate organizations of the Armed Forces that will support the functions and responsibilities of a Surgeon General of the Armed Forces. (2) The manning documents for staffing in support of the organizational structures described pursuant to paragraph (1), including manning levels before and after such organizational structures are implemented. (3) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in connection with the implementation of such organizational structures and, in particular, to avoid duplication of functions and tasks between the organizations in such organizational structures and the Defense Health Agency. SEC. 713. ADMINISTRATION OF TRICARE DENTAL PLANS THROUGH THE FEDERAL EMPLOYEES DENTAL AND VISION INSURANCE PROGRAM. 
(a) E LIGIBILITY OF ADDITIONAL BENEFICIARIES  UNDER FEDERAL EMPLOYEES DENTAL AND VISION INSURANCE PROGRAM .—Section 8951(8) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘1076c’’ and inserting ‘‘1076a or 1076c’’. (b) ADMINISTRATION OF TRICARE D ENTAL  PLANS.—Subsection (b) of section 1076a of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) ADMINISTRATION OF PLANS.—The plans established under this section shall be administered by the Secretary of Defense through an agreement with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to allow persons described in subsection (a) to enroll in an insurance plan under chapter 89A of title 5, in accordance with terms prescribed by the Secretary, including terms, to the extent practical, as defined by the Director through regulation, consistent with subsection (d) and, to the extent practicable in relation to such chapter 89A, other provisions of this section.’’. (c) APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to the first contract year for chapter 89A of title 5, United States Code, that begins on or after January 1, 2022. (d) TRANSITION .—To ensure a successful transition pursuant to the amendments made by this section in the administration of the TRICARE dental plans under section 1076a of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the contractor for such plans provides claims information under such plans to carriers providing dental coverage under chapter 89A of title 5, United States Code, after the transition. (e) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the transition in the administration of the TRICARE dental insurance plan for retirees from administration by the Department of Defense as the TRICARE Retiree Dental Plan to administration by the Office of Personnel Management as part of the Federal Employees Dental and Vision Insurance Program. (2) ELEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of lessons learned from the transition of the administration of the TRICARE dental insurance plan for retirees from administration by the Department as the TRICARE Retiree Dental Plan to administration by the Office of Personnel Management as part of the Federal Employees Dental and Vision Insurance Program. (B) An assessment of the effectiveness of the transition. (C) A timeline for the implementation plan for the transition of the administration of the TRICARE dental plans under section 1076a of title 10, United States Code, to administration as part of the Federal Employees Dental and Vision Insurance Program pursuant to the amendments made by this section. 
SEC. 714. STREAMLINING OF TRICARE PRIME BENEFICIARY REFERRAL PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall streamline the process under section 1095f of title 10, United States Code, by which beneficiaries enrolled in TRICARE Prime are referred to the civilian provider network for inpatient or outpatient care under the TRICARE program. (b) OBJECTIVES .—In carrying out the requirement in subsection (a), the Secretary shall meet the following objectives: (1) The referral process shall model best industry practices for referrals from primary care managers to specialty care providers. (2) The process shall limit administrative requirements for enrolled beneficiaries. (3) Beneficiary preferences for communications relating to appointment referrals using stateoftheart information technology shall be used to expedite the process. (4) There shall be effective and efficient processes to determine the availability of appointments at military medical treatment facilities and, when unavailable, to make prompt referrals to network providers under the TRICARE program. (c) DEADLINE FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—The re quirement in subsection (a) shall be implemented for referrals under TRICARE Prime in calendar year 2019. (d) EVALUATION AND IMPROVEMENT .—After 2019, the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the referral process described in subsection (a) not less often than annually; and (2) make appropriate improvements to the process in light of such evaluations. (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘TRICARE program’’ and ‘‘TRICARE Prime’’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 715. SHARING OF INFORMATION WITH STATE PRESCRIPTION DRUG MONITORING PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1074g of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (h) and (i), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (f) the following new subsection (g): ‘‘(g) SHARING OF INFORMATION WITHSTATE PRESCRIPTION DRUG MONITORING PROGRAMS .— (1) The Secretary of Defense shall establish and maintain a program (to be known as the ‘Military Health System Prescription Drug Monitoring Program’) in accordance with this subsection. The program shall include a special emphasis on drugs provided through facilities of the uniformed services. ‘‘(2) The program shall be— ‘‘(A) comparable to prescription drug monitoring programs operated by States, including such programs approved by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 399O of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 280g– 3); and ‘‘(B) applicable to designated controlled substance prescriptions under the pharmacy benefits program. ‘‘(3)(A) The Secretary shall establish appropriate procedures for the bidirectional sharing of patientspecific information regarding prescriptions for designated controlled substances between the program and State prescription drug monitoring programs. ‘‘(B) The purpose of sharing of information under this paragraph shall be to prevent misuse and diversion of opioid medications and other designated controlled substances. ‘‘(C) Any disclosure of patientspecific information by the Secretary under this paragraph is an authorized disclosure for purposes of the health information privacy regulations promulgated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104– 191). ‘‘(4)(A) Any procedures developed pursuant to paragraph (3)(A) shall include appropriate safeguards, as determined by the Secretary, concerning cyber security of Department of Defense systems and operational security of Department personnel. 
‘‘(B) To the extent the Secretary considers appropriate, the program may be treated as comparable to a State program for purposes of bidirectional sharing of controlled substance prescription information. ‘‘(5) For purposes of this subsection, any reference to a program operated by a State includes any program operated by a county, municipality, or other subdivision within that State.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1079(q) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 1074g(g)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1074g(h)’’. 
SEC. 716. PILOT PROGRAM ON OPIOID MANAGEMENT IN THE MILITARY HEALTH SYSTEM. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Beginning not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Health Agency shall implement a comprehensive pilot program to assess the feasability and advisability of mechanisms to minimize early exposure of beneficiaries under the TRICARE program to opioids and to prevent the progression of beneficiaries to misuse or abuse of opioid medications. (2) OPIOID SAFETY ACROSS CONTINUUM OF  
CARE.—The pilot program shall include elements to maximize opioid safety across the entire continuum of care consisting of patient, physician or dentist, and pharmacist. (b) ELEMENTS OF PILOT PROGRAM .—The pilot program shall include the following: (1) Identification of potential misuse or abuse of opioid medications in pharmacies of military treatment facilities, retail network pharmacies, and the home delivery pharmacy, and the transmission of alerts regarding such potential misuse or abuse of opioids to prescribing physicians and dentists. (2) Direct engagement with, education for, and management of beneficiaries under the TRICARE program to help such beneficiaries avoid misuse or abuse of opioid medications. (3) Proactive outreach by specialist pharmacists to beneficiaries under the TRICARE program when identifying potential misuse or abuse of opioid medications. (4) Monitoring of beneficiaries under the TRICARE program through the use of predictive analytics to identify the potential for opioid abuse and addiction before beneficiaries begin an opioid prescription. (5) Detection of fraud, waste, and abuse in connection with opioids. (c) DURATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Director shall carry out the pilot program for a period of not more than three years. (2) EXPANSION .—The Director may carry out the pilot program on a permanent basis if the Director determines that the mechanisms under the pilot program successfully reduce early opioid exposure in beneficiaries under the TRICARE program and prevent the progression of beneficiaries to misuse or abuse of opioid medications. (d) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days before completion of the pilot program, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the pilot program. (2) ELEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the pilot program, including outcome measures developed to determine the overall effectiveness of the mechanisms under the pilot program. (B) A description of the ability of the mechanisms under the pilot program to identify misuse and abuse of opioid medications among beneficiaries under the TRICARE program in each pharmacy venue of the pharmacy program of the military health system. (C) A description of the impact of the use of predictive analytics to monitor beneficiaries under the TRICARE program in order to identify the potential for opioid abuse and addiction before beneficiaries begin an opioid prescription. (D) A description of any reduction in the misuse or abuse of opioid medications among beneficiaries under the TRICARE program as a result of the pilot program. (e) TRICARE PROGRAM DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall review and update policies and procedures relating to the care and management of recovering service members. In conducting such review, the Secretary shall consider best practices— (1) in the care of recovering service members; (2) in the administrative management relating to such care; (3) to carry out applicable provisions of Federal law; and (4) recommended by the Comptroller General of the United States in the report titled ‘‘Army Needs to Improve Oversight of Warrior Transition Units’’. (b) SCOPE OF POLICY .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall update policies of the Department of Defense with respect to each of the following: (1) The case management coordination of members of the Armed Forces between the military departments and the military medical treatment facilities administered by the Director of the Defense Health Agency pursuant to section 1073c of title 10, United States Code, including with respect to the coordination of— (A) appointments; (B) rehabilitative services; (C) recuperation in an outpatient status; (D) contract care provided by a private health care provider outside of a military medical treatment facility; (E) the disability evaluation system; and (F) other administrative functions relating to the military department. (2) The transition of a member of the Armed Forces who is retired under chapter 61 of title 10, United States Code, from receiving treatment furnished by the Secretary of Defense to treatment furnished by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. (3) Facility standards related to lodging and accommodations for recovering service members and the family members and nonmedical attendants of recovering service members. (c) REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and Secretaries of the military departments shall jointly submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the review conducted under subsection (a), including a description of the policies updated pursuant to subsection (b). (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘disability evaluation system’’, ‘‘outpatient status’’, and ‘‘recovering service members’’ have the meaning given those terms in section 1602 of the Wounded Warrior Act (title XVI of Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note). 
SEC. 718. MEDICAL SIMULATION TECHNOLOGY AND LIVE TISSUE TRAINING WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) USE OF SIMULATION TECHNOLOGY .—Except as provided by paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense shall use medical simulation technology, to the maximum extent practicable, before the use of live tissue training to train medical professionals and combat medics of the Department of Defense. (2) DETERMINATION .—The use of live tissue training within the Department of Defense may be used as determined necessary by the medical chain of command. (b) BRIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Secretaries of the military departments, shall provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the use and benefit of medical simulation technology and live tissue training within the Department of Defense to train medical professionals, combat medics, and members of the Special Operations Forces. (c) ELEMENTS .—The briefing under subsection (b) shall include the following: (1) A discussion of the benefits and needs of both medical simulation technology and live tissue training. (2) Ways and means to enhance and advance the use of simulation technologies in training. (3) An assessment of current medical simulation technology requirements, gaps, and limitations. (4) An overview of Department of Defense medical training programs, as of the date of the briefing, that use live tissue training and medical simulation technologies. (5) Any other matters the Secretary determines appropriate. 
Section 708(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 1071 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘large metropolitan teaching hospitals that have level I civilian’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘with civilian academic medical centers and large metropolitan teaching hospitals’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘the trauma centers of the medical centers and hospitals’’ and inserting ‘‘trauma centers’’; and (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘large metropolitan teaching hospitals’’ and inserting ‘‘trauma centers’’. 
SEC. 720. IMPROVEMENT TO NOTIFICATION TO CONGRESS OF HOSPITALIZATION OF COMBATWOUNDED MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
Section 1074l(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘admitted to a military treatment facility within the United States’’ and inserting ‘‘admitted to any military medical treatment facility’’. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 731. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY FOR JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSEDEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRATION FUND. 
Section 1704(e) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2573), as most recently amended by section 719 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1440), is further amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’. 
SEC. 732. JOINT FORCES MEDICAL CAPABILITIES DEVELOPMENT AND STANDARDIZATION. 
(a) P ROCESS REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, develop a process to establish required joint force medical capabilities for members of the Armed Forces that meet the operational planning requirements of the combatant commands. (b) PROCESS ELEMENTS .—The process developed under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A joint medical estimate to determine the medical requirements for treating members of the Armed Forces who are wounded, ill, or injured during military operations, including with respect to environmental health and force health protection. 
(2) A process to review and revise military health related mission essential tasks in order to ensure that such tasks are aligned with health professional knowledge, skills, and abilities. (3) A process to standardize the interoperability of medical equipment and capabilities to support the joint force. (c) REPORT .—Not later than June 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report describing the process developed under subsection (a). 
SEC. 733. INCLUSION OF GAMBLING DISORDER IN HEALTH ASSESSMENTS OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES AND RELATED RESEARCH EFFORTS. 
(a) I NCLUSION IN NEXT ANNUAL PERIODIC  HEALTH ASSESSMENTS .—The Secretary of Defense shall incorporate medical screening questions specific to gambling disorder into the Annual Periodic Health Assessments of members of the Armed Forces conducted by the Department of Defense during the oneyear period beginning 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) INCLUSION IN CERTAIN SURVEYS .—The Sec retary shall incorporate into ongoing research efforts of the Department questions on gambling disorder, as appropriate, including by restoring such questions to the following: (1) The first Health Related Behaviors Survey of Active Duty Military Personnel conducted after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) The first Health Related Behaviors Survey of Reserve Component Personnel conducted after that date. (c) REPORTS .—Not later than one year after the date of the completion of the assessment referred to in subsection (a), and of each survey referred to in subsection (b), as modified pursuant to this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the assessment or survey in connection with the prevalence of gambling disorder among members of the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 734. REPORT ON REQUIREMENT FOR CERTAIN FORMER MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES TO ENROLL IN MEDICARE PART B TO BE ELIGIBLE FOR TRICARE FOR LIFE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, and the Commissioner of Social Security shall jointly submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate a report on the findings of a study, conducted by the Secretaries for purposes of the report, on the requirement that a covered individual enroll in the supplementary medical insurance program under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.) in order to be eligible for TRICARE for Life. (b) MATTERS INCLUDED .—The study under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An analysis of whether the requirement described in such subsection affects covered individuals from returning to work. (2) The number of individuals who— (A) are retired from the Armed Forces under chapter 61 of title 10, United States Code; (B) are entitled to hospital insurance benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act pursuant to receiving benefits for 24 months as described in subparagraph (A) or (C) of section 226(b)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 426(b)(2)); and (C) because of such entitlement, are no longer enrolled in TRICARE Standard, TRICARE Prime, TRICARE Extra, or TRICARE Select. (3) The number of covered individuals who would potentially enroll in TRICARE for Life but not enroll in the supplementary medical insurance program under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395j et seq.) if able. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘covered individual’’ means an individual— (A) who is under 65 years of age; (B) who is entitled to hospital insurance benefits under part A of title XVIII of the Social Security Act pursuant to subparagraph (A) or (C) of section 226(b)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 426(b)(2)); (C) whose entitlement to a benefit described in subparagraph (A) of such section has terminated due to performance of substantial gainful activity; and (D) who is retired under chapter 61 of title 10, United States Code. (2) The terms ‘‘TRICARE for Life’’, ‘‘TRICARE Extra’’, ‘‘TRICARE Standard’’, ‘‘TRICARE Select’’, and ‘‘TRICARE Prime’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 735. PILOT PROGRAM ON EARNING BY SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES MEDICS OF CREDIT TOWARD A PHYSICIAN ASSISTANT DEGREE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs may conduct a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of partnerships between special operations forces and institutions of higher education, and health care systems if determined appropriate by the Assistant Secretary for purposes of the pilot program, through which special operations forces medics earn credit toward the master’s degree of physician assistant for military operational work and training performed by the medics. (b) DURATION .—The Assistant Secretary shall conduct the pilot program for a period not to exceed five years. (c) CLINICAL TRAINING .—Partnerships under subsection (a) shall permit medics participating in the pilot program to conduct clinical training at medical facilities of the Department of Defense and the civilian sector. (d) EVALUATION .—The evaluation of work and training performed by medics for which credits are earned under the pilot program shall comply with civilian clinical evaluation standards applicable to the awarding of the master’s degree of physician assistant. (e) REPORTS .— (1) INITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representative a report on the pilot program that shall include the following: (A) A comprehensive framework for the military education to be provided to special operations forces medics under the pilot program, including courses of instruction at institutions of higher education and any health care systems participating in the pilot program. (B) Metrics to be used to assess the effectiveness of the pilot program. (C) A description of the mechanisms to be used by the Department, medics, or both to cover the costs of education received by medics under the pilot program through institutions of higher education or health care systems, including payment by the Department in return for a military service commitment, tuition or other educational assistance by the Department, use by medics of post9/11 educational assistance available through the Department of Veterans Affairs, and any other mechanisms the Secretary considers appropriate for purposes of the pilot program. (2) FINAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after completion of the pilot program, the Secretary shall submit to the committees of Congress referred to in paragraph (1) a final report on the pilot program. The report shall include the following: (A) An evaluation of the pilot program using the metrics of assessment set forth pursuant to paragraph (1)(B). (B) An assessment of the utility of the funding mechanisms set forth pursuant to paragraph (1)(C). (C) An assessment of the effects of the pilot program on recruitment and retention of medics for special operations forces. (D) An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of extending one or more authorities for joint professional military education under chapter 107 of title 10, United States Code, to warrant officers or enlisted personnel, and if the Secretary considers the extension of any such authorities feasible and advisable, recommendations for legislative or administrative action to so extend such authorities. (f) CONSTRUCTION OF AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this section may be construed to— (1) authorize an officer or employee of the Federal Government to create, endorse, or otherwise incentivize a particular curriculum or degree track; or (2) require, direct, review, or control a State or educational institution, or the instructional content, curriculum, and related activities of a State or educational institution. 
(a) P LAN.—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the budget of the President for fiscal year 2020 is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a comprehensive strategic medical research plan. (b) MATTERS INCLUDED .—The plan under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of all medical research focus areas of the Department of Defense and a description of the coordination process to ensure the focus areas are linked to military readiness, joint force requirements, and relevance to individuals eligible for care at military medical treatment facilities or through the TRICARE program. (2) A description of the medical research projects funded under the Defense Health Program account and the projects under the Congressional Directed Medical Research Program. (3) A description of the process to ensure synergy across the military medical research community in order to address gaps in military medical research, minimize duplication of research, and promote collaboration within research focus areas. (4) A description of the efforts of the Secretary to coordinate with other departments and agencies of the Federal Government to increase awareness of complementary medical research efforts that are being carried out through the Federal Government. 
SEC. 737. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REVIEW OF DEFENSE HEALTH AGENCY OVERSIGHT OF TRANSITION BETWEEN MANAGED CARE SUPPORT CONTRACTORS FOR THE TRICARE PROGRAM. 
(a) B RIEFING AND REPORT ON CURRENT TRANSITION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing and a report on a review by the Comptroller General of the oversight conducted by the Defense Health Agency with respect to the current transition between managed care support contractors for the TRICARE program. The briefing shall be provided by not later than July 1, 2019. (2) ELEMENTS .—The briefing and report under paragraph (1) shall each include the following: (A) A description and assessment of the extent to which the Defense Health Agency provided guidance and oversight to the outgoing and incoming managed care support contractors for the TRICARE program during the transition described in paragraph (1) and before the start of health care delivery by the incoming contractor. 
(B) A description and assessment of any issues with health care delivery under the TRICARE program as a result of or in connection with the transition, and, with respect to such issues— (i) the effect, if any, of the guidance and oversight provided by the Defense Health Agency during the transition on such issues; and (ii) the solutions developed by the Defense Health Agency for remediating any deficiencies in managed care support for the TRICARE program in connection with such issues. (C) A description and assessment of the extent to which the Defense Health Agency has reviewed any lessons learned from past transitions between managed care support contractors for the TRICARE program, and incorporated such lessons into the transition. (D) A review of the Department of Defense briefing provided in accordance with the provisions of the Report of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives to Accompany H.R. 5515 (115th Congress; House Report 115–676) on TRICARE Managed Care Support Contractor Reporting. (b) REPORT ON FUTURE TRANSITIONS .—Not later than 270 days after the completion of any future transition between managed care support contractors for the TRICARE program, the Comptroller General shall submit to the committees of Congress referred to in subsection (a)(1) a report on a review by the Comptroller General of the oversight conducted by the Defense Health Agency with respect to such transition. The report shall include each description and assessment specified in subparagraphs (A) through (C) of subsection (a)(2) with respect to such transition. (c) TRICARE PROGRAM DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘TRICARE program’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1072 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 738. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY ON AVAILABILITY OF LONGTERM CARE OPTIONS FOR VETERANS FROM DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the availability of longterm care options from the Department of Veterans Affairs for veterans with combatrelated disabilities, including veterans who served in the Armed Forces after September 11, 2001. (b) ELEMENTS .—The study required by subsection (a) shall— (1) determine the potential demand for long term care by veterans eligible for health care from the Department; (2) determine the capacity of the Department for providing all four levels of longterm care, which are independent living, assisted living, nursing home care, and memory care; (3) identify the number of veterans with combatrelated disabilities who require a personal care assistant and which facilities of the Department provide this service; and (4) examine the value of longterm care benefits provided by the Department, including personal care assistant services, to identify the potential elements of a pilot program that affords aging veterans the choice of receiving longterm care benefits at nonprofit continuing care retirement communities. (c) REPORT .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the study conducted under this section. 
SEC. 739. INCREASE IN NUMBER OF APPOINTED MEMBERS OF THE HENRY M. JACKSON FOUNDATION FOR THE ADVANCEMENT OF MILITARY MEDICINE. 
Section 178(c)(1)(C) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘four members’’ and inserting ‘‘six members’’. TITLE VIII—ACQUISITION POLICY, ACQUISITION MANAGEMENT, AND RELATED MATTERS Sec. 800. Effective dates; coordination of amendments. Subtitle A—Streamlining of Defense Acquisition Statutes and Regulations PARTI—C ONSOLIDATION OF DEFENSE ACQUISI TION STATUTES IN NEWPARTV OFSUBTITLE A 
OFTITLE10, U NITED STATES CODE Sec. 801. Framework for new part V of subtitle A. PART II—R EDESIGNATION OF SECTIONS AND  CHAPTERS OF SUBTITLES B, C, ANDD TOPROVIDE ROOM FOR NEWPARTV OFSUBTITLE A Sec. 806. Redesignation of sections and chapters of subtitle D of title 10, United States Code—Air Force. Sec. 807. Redesignation of sections and chapters of subtitle C of title 10, United States Code—Navy and Marine Corps. Sec. 808. Redesignation of sections and chapters of subtitle B of title 10, United States Code—Army. Sec. 809. Cross references to redesignated sections and chapters. PARTIII—R EPEALS OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF  DEFENSE ACQUISITION LAW Sec. 811. Amendment to and repeal of statutory requirements for certain positions or offices in the Department of Defense. Sec. 812. Repeal of certain defense acquisition laws. Sec. 813. Repeal of certain Department of Defense reporting requirements. Subtitle B—Amendments to General Contracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations Sec. 816. Modification of limitations on single source task or delivery order contracts. Sec. 817. Preliminary cost analysis requirement for exercise of multiyear contract authority. Sec. 818. Revision of requirement to submit information on services contracts to Congress. Sec. 819. Data collection and inventory for services contracts. Sec. 820. Report on clarification of services contracting definitions. Sec. 821. Increase in micropurchase threshold applicable to Department of Defense. Sec. 822. Department of Defense contracting dispute matters. Sec. 823. Inclusion of best available information regarding past performance of subcontractors and joint venture partners. Sec. 824. Subcontracting price and approved purchasing systems. Sec. 825. Modification of criteria for waivers of requirement for certified cost and price data. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major Defense Acquisition Programs Sec. 831. Revisions in authority relating to program cost targets and fielding targets for major defense acquisition programs. Sec. 832. Implementation of recommendations of the Independent Study on Consideration of Sustainment in Weapons Systems Life Cycle. Sec. 833. Comptroller General assessment of acquisition programs and related initiatives. Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to Commercial Items Sec. 836. Revision of definition of commercial item for purposes of Federal acquisition statutes. Sec. 837. Limitation on applicability to Department of Defense commercial contracts of certain provisions of law. Sec. 838. Modifications to procurement through commercial ecommerce portals. Sec. 839. Review of Federal acquisition regulations on commercial products, commercial services, and commercially available offtheshelf items. Subtitle E—Industrial Base Matters Sec. 841. Report on limited sourcing of specific components for Naval vessels. Sec. 842. Removal of national interest determination requirements for certain entities. Sec. 843. Pilot program to test machinevision technologies to determine the authenticity and security of microelectronic parts in weapon systems. Sec. 844. Limitation on certain procurements application process. Sec. 845. Report on defense electronics industrial base. Sec. 846. Support for defense manufacturing communities to support the defense industrial base. Sec. 847. Limitation on procurement of certain items for T–AO–205 program. Subtitle F—Small Business Matters Sec. 851. Department of Defense small business strategy. Sec. 852. Prompt payments of small business contractors. Sec. 853. Increased participation in the Small Business Administration microloan program. Sec. 854. Amendments to Small Business Innovation Research Program and Small Business Technology Transfer Program. Sec. 855. Construction contract administration. Sec. 856. Comptroller General study of impact of broadband speed and price on small businesses. Sec. 857. Consolidated budget display for the Department of Defense Small Business Innovation Research Program and Small Business Technology Transfer Program. Sec. 858. Funding for procurement technical assistance program. Sec. 859. Authorization for payment of certain costs relating to procurement technical assistance centers. Sec. 860. Commercialization Assistance Pilot Program. Sec. 861. Puerto Rico businesses. Sec. 862. Opportunities for employeeowned business concerns through Small Business Administration loan programs. Subtitle G—Provisions Related to Software and Technical Data Matters Sec. 865. Validation of proprietary and technical data. Sec. 866. Continuation of technical data rights during challenges. Sec. 867. Requirement for negotiation of technical data price before sustainment of major weapon systems. Sec. 868. Implementation of recommendations of the final report of the Defense Science Board Task Force on the Design and Acquisition of Software for Defense Systems. Sec. 869. Implementation of pilot program to use agile or iterative development methods required under section 873 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. Sec. 870. Report on requiring access to digital technical data in future acquisitions of combat, combat service, and combat support systems. 
Subtitle H—Other Matters Sec. 871. Prohibition on acquisition of sensitive materials from nonallied foreign nations. Sec. 872. Extension of prohibition on providing funds to the enemy. Sec. 873. Data, policy, and reporting on the use of other transactions. Sec. 874. Standardization of formatting and public accessibility of Department of Defense reports to Congress. Sec. 875. Promotion of the use of Government wide and other interagency contracts. Sec. 876. Increasing competition at the task order level. Sec. 877. Individual acquisition for commercial leasing services. Sec. 878. Procurement administrative lead time definition and plan. Sec. 879. Briefing on funding of product support strategies. Sec. 880. Use of lowest price technically acceptable source selection process. Sec. 881. Permanent Supply Chain Risk Management Authority. Sec. 882. Review of market research. Sec. 883. Establishment of integrated review team on defense acquisition industrygovernment exchange. Sec. 884. Exchange program for acquisition workforce employees. Sec. 885. Process to limit foreign access to technology. Sec. 886. Procurement of telecommunications supplies for experimental purposes. Sec. 887. Access by developmental and operational testing activities to data regarding modeling and simulation activity. Sec. 888. Instruction on pilot program regarding employment of persons with disabilities. Sec. 889. Prohibition on certain telecommunications and video surveillance services or equipment. Sec. 890. Pilot program to accelerate contracting and pricing processes. 
(a) E FFECTIVE DATES.— (1) PARTS I AND II .—Parts I and II of this subtitle, and the redesignations and amendments made by such parts, shall take effect on February 1, 2019. (2) PART III .—Part III of this subtitle shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) COORDINATION OF AMENDMENTS .—The re designations and amendments made by part II of this subtitle shall be executed before the amendments made by part I of this subtitle. (c) RULE FOR CERTAIN REDESIGNATIONS .—In the case of a redesignation specified in part II of this subtitle (1) that is to be made to a section of subtitle B, C, or D of title 10, United States Code, for which the current section designation consists of a fourdigit number and a letter, and (2) that is directed to be made by the addition of a specified number to the current section designation, the new section designation shall consist of a new fourdigit number and the same letter, with the new fourdigit number being the number that is the sum of the specified number and the fourdigit number in the current section designation. Subtitle A—Streamlining of Defense Acquisition Statutes and Regulations PART I—CONSOLIDATION OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION STATUTES IN NEW PART V OF SUBTITLE A OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE 
SEC. 801. FRAMEWORK FOR NEW PART V OF SUBTITLE A. 
SUBPART F —SPECIAL CATEGORIES OF CON TRACTING : RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST , 
SUBPART I —DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE  ‘‘381. Defense Industrial Base Generally 4801 ‘‘383. Loan Guarantee Programs .......... 4861 ‘‘385. Procurement Technical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program ..... 4881 ‘‘Subpart A—General ‘‘CHAPTER 201—DEFINITIONS ‘‘§ 3001. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 203—GENERAL MATTERS ‘‘§ 3021. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 205—DEFENSE ACQUISITION SYSTEM ‘‘§ 3051. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 207—BUDGETING AND APPROPRIATIONS MATTERS ‘‘§ 3101. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 209—OPERATIONAL CONTRACT SUPPORT ‘‘§ 3151. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘Subpart B—Acquisition Planning ‘‘CHAPTER 221—PLANNING AND SOLICITATION GENERALLY ‘‘§ 3201. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 223—PLANNING AND SOLICITATION RELATING TO PARTICULAR ITEMS OR SERVICES ‘‘§ 3251. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘Subpart C—Contracting Methods and Contract Types ‘‘CHAPTER 241—AWARDING OF CONTRACTS ‘‘§ 3301. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 243—SPECIFIC TYPES OF CONTRACTS ‘‘§ 3351. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 245—TASK AND DELIVERY ORDER CONTRACTS (MULTIPLE AWARD CONTRACTS) ‘‘§ 3401. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 247—ACQUISITION OF COMMERCIAL ITEMS ‘‘§ 3451. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 249—MULTIYEAR CONTRACTS ‘‘§ 3501. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 251—SIMPLIFIED ACQUISITION PROCEDURES ‘‘§ 3551. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 253—EMERGENCY AND RAPID ACQUISITIONS ‘‘§ 3601. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 255—CONTRACTING WITH OR THROUGH OTHER AGENCIES ‘‘§ 3651. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘Subpart D—General Contracting Requirements ‘‘CHAPTER 271—TRUTHFUL COST OR PRICING DATA ‘‘§ 3701. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 273—ALLOWABLE COSTS ‘‘§ 3741. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 275—PROPRIETARY CONTRACTOR DATA AND TECHNICAL DATA ‘‘§ 3771. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 277—CONTRACT FINANCING ‘‘§ 3801. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ 
‘‘CHAPTER 279—CONTRACTOR AUDITS AND ACCOUNTING ‘‘§ 3841. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 281—CLAIMS AND DISPUTES ‘‘§ 3861. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 283—FOREIGN ACQUISITIONS ‘‘§ 3881. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 285—SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAMS ‘‘§ 3901. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 287—SOCIOECONOMIC PROGRAMS ‘‘§ 3961. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘Subpart E—Special Categories of Contracting: Major Defense Acquisition Programs and Major Systems ‘‘CHAPTER 301—MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS ‘‘§ 4001. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 303—WEAPON SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT AND RELATED MATTERS ‘‘§ 4071. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 305—OTHER MATTERS RELATING TO MAJOR SYSTEMS ‘‘§ 4121. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘Subpart F—Special Categories of Contracting: Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation ‘‘CHAPTER 321—RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT GENERALLY ‘‘§ 4201. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 323—INNOVATION ‘‘§ 4301. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 325—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE LABORATORIES ‘‘§ 4351. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 327—RESEARCH AND 
DEVELOPMENT CENTERS AND FACILITIES ‘‘§ 4401. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 329—OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION; DEVELOPMENTAL TEST AND EVALUATION ‘‘§ 4451. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘Subpart G—Other Special Categories Of Contracting ‘‘CHAPTER 341—CONTRACTING FOR PERFORMANCE OF CIVILIAN COMMERCIAL OR INDUSTRIAL TYPE FUNCTIONS ‘‘§ 4501. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 343—ACQUISITION OF SERVICES ‘‘§ 4541. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 345—ACQUISITION OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ‘‘§ 4571. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘Subpart H—Contract Management ‘‘CHAPTER 361—CONTRACT ADMINISTRATION ‘‘§ 4601. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 363—PROHIBITIONS AND PENALTIES ‘‘§ 4651. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 365—CONTRACTOR WORKFORCE ‘‘§ 4701. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 367—OTHER ADMINISTRATIVE AND MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS ‘‘§ 4751. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘Subpart I—Defense Industrial Base ‘‘CHAPTER 381—DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE GENERALLY ‘‘§ 4801. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 383—LOAN GUARANTEE PROGRAMS ‘‘§ 4861. ƒReserved≈ ƒReserved≈ ‘‘CHAPTER 385—PROCUREMENT TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE COOPERATIVE AGREEMENT PROGRAM ‘‘§ 4881. ƒReserved≈ ‘‘ƒReserved≈’’. (b) TABLE OF CHAPTERS AMENDMENT .—The table of chapters at the beginning of subtitle A is amended by adding at the end the following new items: ‘‘PART V—ACQUISITION ‘‘
SUBPART F —SPECIAL CATEGORIES OF CON TRACTING : RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST , 
SUBPART I —DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE  ‘‘381. Defense Industrial Base Generally 4801‘‘383. Loan Guarantee Programs .......... 4861‘‘385. Procurement Technical Assistance Cooperative Agreement Program ..... 4881’’. PART II—REDESIGNATION OF SECTIONS AND CHAPTERS OF SUBTITLES B, C, AND D TO PROVIDE ROOM FOR NEW PART V OF SUBTITLE A 
SEC. 806. REDESIGNATION OF SECTIONS AND CHAPTERS OF SUBTITLE D OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE—AIR FORCE. 
(a) S UBTITLE D, P ART III, S ECTION NUMBERS.—The sections in part III of subtitle D of title 10, United States Code, are redesignated as follows: (1) CHAPTER 909 .—Each section in chapter 909 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 50. (2) CHAPTER 907 .—Each section in chapter 907 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 70. (3) CHAPTERS 901 AND 903 .—Each section in chapter 901 and chapter 903 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 100. (b) SUBTITLE D, P ARTII, S ECTION NUMBERS .— The sections in part II of such subtitle are redesignated as follows: (1) CHAPTER 831 .—Section 8210 is redesignated as section 9110. (2) CHAPTER 833 .—Sections 8251, 8252, 8257, and 8258 are redesignated as sections 9131, 9132, 9137, and 9138, respectively. (3) CHAPTER 835 .—Sections 8281 and 8310 are redesignated as sections 9151 and 9160, respectively. (4) CHAPTER 839 .—Section 8446 is redesignated as section 9176. (5) CHAPTER 841 .—Sections 8491 and 8503 are redesignated as sections 9191 and 9203, respectively. (6) CHAPTER 843 .—Sections 8547 and 8548 are redesignated as sections 9217 and 9218, respectively. (7) CHAPTER 845 .—Sections 8572, 8575, 8579, 8581, and 8583 are redesignated as sections 9222, 9225, 9229, 9231, and 9233, respectively. (8) CHAPTER 849 .—Section 8639 is redesignated as section 9239. (9) CHAPTER 853 .—Sections 8681, 8684, and 8691 are redesignated as sections 9251, 9252, and 9253, respectively. (10) CHAPTER 855 .—Section 8723 is redesignated as section 9263. (11) CHAPTER 857 .—Each section in chapter 857 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 530. (12) CHAPTER 861 .—Section 8817 is redesignated as section 9307. 
(13) C HAPTER 867 .—Each section in chapter 867 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 400. (14) CHAPTER 869 .—Sections 8961, 8962, 8963, 8964, 8965, and 8966 are redesignated as sections 9341, 9342, 9343, 9344, 9345, and 9346, respectively. (15) CHAPTER 871 .—Sections 8991 and 8992 are redesignated as sections 9361 and 9362, respectively. (16) CHAPTER 873 .—Sections 9021, 9025, and 9027 are redesignated as sections 9371, 9375, and 9377, respectively. (17) CHAPTER 875 .—Section 9061 is redesignated as section 9381. (c) SUBTITLE D, P ARTI, SECTION NUMBERS .— Each section in part I of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 1,000. (d) SUBTITLE D CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (1) PARTIV CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chapter in part IV of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 30. (2) PARTIII CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chapter in part III of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 50. (3) PARTII CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), each chapter in part II of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 80. (B) OTHER CHAPTERS .— (i) Chapter 861 is redesignated as chapter 939. (ii) Chapters 867, 869, 871, 873, and 875 are each redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 74. (4) PARTI CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chapter in part I of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 100. (e) SUBTITLE D TABLES OF SECTIONS AND TABLES OF CHAPTERS .— (1) TABLES OF SECTIONS .—The tables of sections at the beginning of the chapters of such subtitle are revised so as to conform the section references in those tables to the redesignations made by subsections (a), (b), and (c). (2) TABLES OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chapters at the beginning of such subtitle, and the tables of chapters at the beginning of each part of such subtitle, are revised so as to conform the chapter references and section references in those tables to the redesignations made by this section. 
SEC. 807. REDESIGNATION OF SECTIONS AND CHAPTERS OF SUBTITLE C OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE—NAVY AND MARINE CORPS. 
(a) S UBTITLE C, P ARTI, SECTION NUMBERS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), each section in part I of subtitle C of title 10, United States Code, is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 3,000. (2) CHAPTER 513 .—For sections in chapter 513, each section is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 2,940. (b) SUBTITLE C, P ARTII, S ECTION NUMBERS .— The sections in part II of such subtitle are redesignated as follows: (1) CHAPTER 533 .—Sections 5441, 5450, and 5451 are redesignated as sections 8101, 8102, and 8103, respectively. (2) CHAPTER 535 .—Sections 5501, 5502, 5503, and 5508 are redesignated as sections 8111, 8112, 8113, and 8118, respectively. (3) CHAPTER 537 .—Section 5540 is redesignated as section 8120. (4) CHAPTER 539 .—Sections 5582, 5585, 5587, 5587a, 5589, and 5596 are redesignated as sections 8132, 8135, 8137, 8138, 8139, and 8146, respectively. (5) CHAPTER 551 .—Each section in chapter 551 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 2,220. (6) CHAPTER 553 .—Sections 5983, 5985, and 5986 are redesignated as sections 8183, 8185, and 8186, respectively. (7) CHAPTER 555 .—The sections in chapter 555 are redesignated as follows: Section Redesignated Section 
(8) C HAPTER 557 .—Each section in chapter 557 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 2,160. (9) CHAPTER 559 .—Section 6113 is redesignated as section 8253. (10) CHAPTER 561 .—The sections in chapter 561 are redesignated as follows: Section Redesignated Section 
(11) C HAPTER 563 .—Sections 6201, 6202, and 6203 are redesignated as sections 8281, 8282, and 8283, respectively. (12) CHAPTER 565 .—Sections 6221 and 6222 are redesignated as sections 8286 and 8287, respectively. (13) CHAPTER 567 .—Each section in chapter 567 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 2,050. (14) CHAPTER 569 .—Section 6292 is redesignated as section 8317. (15) CHAPTER 571 .—Each section in chapter 571 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 2,000. (16) CHAPTER 573 .—Sections 6371, 6383, 6389, 6404, and 6408 are redesignated as sections 8371, 8372, 8373, 8374, and 8375, respectively. (17) CHAPTER 575 .—Sections 6483, 6484, 6485, and 6486 are redesignated as sections 8383, 8384, 8385, and 8386, respectively. (18) CHAPTER 577 .—Section 6522 is redesignated as section 8392. (c) SUBTITLE C, P ART III, S ECTION NUMBERS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), each section in part III of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 1,500. (2) CHAPTER 609 .—Sections 7101, 7102, 7103, and 7104 are redesignated as sections 8591, 8592, 8593, and 8594, respectively. (d) SUBTITLE C, P ART IV, S ECTION NUMBERS.—The sections in part IV of such subtitle are redesignated as follows: (1) CHAPTER 631 .—Each section in chapter 631 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 1,400. (2) CHAPTER 633 .—Each section in chapter 633 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 1,370. (3) CHAPTER 637 .—Sections 7361, 7362, 7363, and 7364 are redesignated as sections 8701, 8702, 8703, and 8704, respectively. (4) CHAPTER 639 .—Sections 7395 and 7396 are redesignated as sections 8715 and 8716, respectively. (5) CHAPTER 641 .—Each section in chapter 641 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 1,300. 
(6) C HAPTER 643 .—Sections 7472, 7473, 7476, 7477, 7478, 7479, 7479a, and 7480 are redesignated as sections 8742, 8743, 8746, 8747, 8748, 8749, 8749a, and 8750, respectively. (7) CHAPTER 645 .—Sections 7522, 7523, and 7524 are redesignated as sections 8752, 8753, and 8754, respectively. (8) CHAPTER 647 .—The sections in chapter 647 are redesignated as follows: Section Redesignated Section 
(9) C HAPTERS 649 , 651, 653, AND 655 .—Each sec tion in chapters 649, 651, 653, and 655 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 1,200. (10) CHAPTER 657 .—Each section in chapter 657 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 1,170. (11) CHAPTER 659 .—Sections 7851, 7852, 7853, and 7854 are redesignated as sections 8901, 8902, 8903, and 8904, respectively. (12) CHAPTER 661 .—Sections 7861, 7862, and 7863 are redesignated as sections 8911, 8912, and 8913, respectively. (13) CHAPTER 663 .—Section 7881 is redesignated as section 8921. (14) CHAPTER 665 .—Sections 7901, 7902, and 7903 are redesignated as sections 8931, 8932, and 8933, respectively. (15) CHAPTER 667 .—Sections 7912 and 7913 are redesignated as sections 8942 and 8943, respectively. (16) CHAPTER 669 .—Section 7921 is redesignated as section 8951. (e) SUBTITLE C CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (1) PARTI CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chapter in part I of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 300, except that chapter 513 is redesignated as chapter 809. (2) PARTII CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), each chapter in part II of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 270. (B) OTHER CHAPTERS .—Chapter 533 is redesignated as chapter 811, chapter 535 is redesignated as chapter 812, chapter 537 is redesignated as chapter 813, and chapter 539 is redesignated as chapter 815. (3) PARTIII CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chapter in part III of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 250. (4) PARTIV CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chapter in part IV of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 228, except that chapter 631 is redesignated as chapter 861 and chapter 633 is redesignated as chapter 863. (f) SUBTITLE C TABLES OF SECTIONS AND TABLES OF CHAPTERS .— (1) TABLES OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections at the beginning of each chapter of such subtitle is revised so as to conform the section references in the table to the redesignations made by subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d). (2) TABLES OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chapters at the beginning of such subtitle, and the tables of chapters at the beginning of each part of such subtitle, are revised so as to conform the chapter references and section references in those tables to the redesignations made by this section. 
SEC. 808. REDESIGNATION OF SECTIONS AND CHAPTERS OF SUBTITLE B OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE—ARMY. 
(a) S UBTITLE B, P ARTI, SECTION NUMBERS .— Each section in part I of subtitle B of title 10, United States Code, is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 4,000. (b) SUBTITLE B, P ARTII, S ECTION NUMBERS .— The sections in part II of such subtitle are redesignated as follows: (1) CHAPTER 331 .—Sections 3201 and 3210 are redesignated as sections 7101 and 7110, respectively. (2) CHAPTER 333 .—Sections 3251, 3258, and 3262 are redesignated as sections 7131, 7138, and 7142, respectively. (3) CHAPTER 335 .—Sections 3281, 3282, and 3283 are redesignated as sections 7151, 7152, and 7153, respectively. (4) CHAPTER 339 .—Section 3446 is redesignated as sections 7176. (5) CHAPTER 341 .—Sections 3491 and 3503 are redesignated as sections 7191 and 7203, respectively. (6) CHAPTER 343 .—Sections 3533, 3534, 3536, 3547 and 3548 are redesignated as sections 7213, 7214, 7216, 7217, and 7218, respectively. (7) CHAPTER 345 .—Sections 3572, 3575, 3579, 3581, and 3583 are redesignated as sections 7222, 7225, 7229, 7231, and 7233, respectively. (8) CHAPTER 349 .—Section 3639 is redesignated as section 7239. (9) CHAPTER 353 .—Sections 3681, 3684, and 3691 are redesignated as sections 7251, 7252, and 7253, respectively. (10) CHAPTER 355 .—Section 3723 is redesignated as section 7263. (11) CHAPTER 357 .—Each section in chapter 357 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 3,530. (12) CHAPTER 367 .—Each section in chapter 367 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 3,400. (13) CHAPTER 369 .—Sections 3961, 3962, 3963, 3964, 3965, and 3966 are redesignated as sections 7341, 7342, 7343, 7344, 7345, and 7346, respectively. (14) CHAPTER 371 .—Sections 3991 and 3992 are redesignated as sections 7361 and 7362, respectively. (15) CHAPTER 373 .—Sections 4021, 4024, 4025, and 4027 are redesignated as sections 7371, 7374, 7375, and 7377, respectively. (16) CHAPTER 375 .—Section 4061 is redesignated as section 7381. (c) SUBTITLE B, P ART III, S ECTION NUMBERS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), each section in part III of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 3,100. (2) CHAPTER 407 .—Each section in chapter 407 is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 3,070. (d) SUBTITLE B, P ART IV, S ECTION NUMBERS.—Each section in part IV of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the section, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 3,000. (e) SUBTITLE B CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (1) PARTI CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chapter in part I of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 400. (2) PARTII CHAPTER NUMBERS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), each chapter in part II of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 380. (B) OTHER CHAPTERS .—Chapters 367, 369, 371, 373, and 375 are each redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 374. (3) PARTIII CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chapter in part III of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 350. (4) PARTIV CHAPTER NUMBERS .—Each chapter in part IV of such subtitle is redesignated so that the number of the chapter, as redesignated, is the number equal to the previous number plus 330. (f) SUBTITLE B TABLES OF SECTIONS AND TABLES OF CHAPTERS .— (1) TABLES OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections at the beginning of each chapter of such subtitle is revised so as to conform the section references in the table to the redesignations made by subsections (a), (b), (c), and (d). (2) TABLES OF CHAPTERS .—The table of chapters at the beginning of such subtitle, and the tables of chapters at the beginning of each part of such subtitle, are revised so as to conform the chapter references and section references in those tables to the redesignations made by this section. 
SEC. 809. CROSS REFERENCES TO REDESIGNATED SECTIONS AND CHAPTERS. 
(a) T ITLE 10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Each provision of title 10, United States Code (including the table of subtitles preceding subtitle A), that contains a reference to a section or chapter redesignated by this part is amended so that the reference refers to the number of the section or chapter as redesignated. (b) LAWS CLASSIFIED AS TITLE 10, U NITED  STATES CODE, NOTESECTIONS .— (1) Section 1111 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 143 note) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 143, 194, 3014, 5014, and 8014’’ in subsections (a) and (b) and inserting ‘‘sections 143, 194, 7014, 8014, and 9014’’. (2) Section 4403(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484; 10 U.S.C. 1293 note) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘section 3911’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7311’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘section 3914’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7314’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘section 6323’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8323’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘section 6330’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8330’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘section 8911’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9311’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘section 8914’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9314’’. (3) Section 598(d)(4) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 1561 note) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 4361, 6980, and 9361’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 7461, 8480, and 9461’’. (4) Section 549(a)(2)(B) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 1580 note prec.) is amended by striking ‘‘section 4348, 6959, or 9348’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7448, 8459, or 9448’’. (5) Section 505(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (Public Law 104–106; 10 U.S.C. 3201 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 3201’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7101’’. 
(6) Section 586(g)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 3741 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 3744, 6248, or 8744’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7274, 8296, or 9274’’. (7) Section 2 of Public Law 89–650 (10 U.S.C. 4343 note) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘sections 4342(b)(1), 6954(b), and 9342(b)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 7442(b)(1), 8454(b), and 9442(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘sections 4343, 6956, and 9343 of title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 7443, 8456, and 9443 of such title’’. (8) Section 323 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 4551 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 4551(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7551(2)’’. (9) Section 343 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 4554 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 4554(a)(3)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7554(a)(3)(A)’’. (10) Section 589(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 7049 note) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 7049(a) and 9314a(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 8549(a) and 9414a(a)’’. (11) Section 131(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 8062 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 8062’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9062’’. (12) Section 2 of Public Law 86–593 (10 U.S.C. 8744 note) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 8744(a) and 8750(b)’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 9274(a) and 9280(b)’’. (c) TITLE5, UNITED STATES CODE.— (1) Section 5102(c) of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (10)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 1595, 4021, 7478, or 9021 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1595, 7371, 8748, or 9371 of title 10’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘sections 4338, 6952, and 9338, respectively, of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 7438, 8452, and 9438, respectively, of title 10’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘section 7044 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8544 of title 10’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘section 7043 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8543 of title 10’’; and (B) in paragraph (28), by striking ‘‘section 9314 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9414 of title 10’’. (2) Section 504(c) of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (Public Law 99– 145; 5 U.S.C. 5102 note), is amended by striking ‘‘Section 9314(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 9414(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code’’. (3) Section 5514(c) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 4837(d) or 9837(d) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7837(d) or 9837(d) of title 10’’. (4) Section 8150(b) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 9441 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9491 of title 10’’. (d) LAWS CLASSIFIED IN TITLE 7, U NITED  STATES CODE.—The 7th proviso in the paragraph under the heading ‘‘SALARIES’’ in the Department of Agriculture Appropriation Act, 1937 (7 U.S.C. 2238), is amended by striking ‘‘the Act of March 3, 1879 (20 Stat. 412)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7655 of title 10, United States Code’’. (e) TITLE18, U NITED STATES CODE.— (1) Section 704 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (c)(2)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 3741, 6241, or 8741 of title 10’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘section 7271, 8291, or 9271 of title 10’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘section 3754, 6256, or 8754 of title 10’’ in subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘section 7284, 8306, or 9284 of title 10’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘section 3747, 6253, or 8747 of title 10’’ in subparagraph (C) and inserting ‘‘section 7277, 8303, or 9277 of title 10’’; and (B) in subsection (d)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘section 3742 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7272 of title 10’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘section 6242 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8292 of title 10’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘section 8742 of section 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9272 of title 10’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘section 3746, 6244, or 8746 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7276, 8294, or 9276 of title 10’’. (2) Section 921(a)(4) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 4684(2), 4685, or 4686 of title 10’’ in the matter after subparagraph (C) and inserting ‘‘section 7684(2), 7685, or 7686 of title 10’’ (3) Section 925(d)(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘chapter 401 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 751 of title 10’’. (f) LAWS CLASSIFIED IN TITLE 22, U NITED  STATES CODE.—Section 44 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2793) is amended by striking ‘‘section 7307 of title 10 of the United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8677 of title 10, United States Code’’. (g) LAWS CLASSIFIED IN TITLE 24, U NITED  STATES CODE.—Section 1520(a) of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 420(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 4712(f) and 9712(f) of title 10, United States Code’’ in the matter before paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘sections 7712(f) and 9712(f) of title 10, United States Code’’. (h) LAWS CLASSIFIED IN TITLE 26, U NITED  STATES CODE.— (1) Section 170(p)(6) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘section 6973 of title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8473 of title 10, United States Code’’. (2) Section 2055(g) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘section 7222 of title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8622 of title 10, United States Code’’; (B) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘section 6973 of title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8473 of title 10, United States Code’’; and (C) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘section 6974 of title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8474 of title 10, United States Code’’. (3) Section 5845(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘section 4684(2), 4685, or 4686 of title 10 of the United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7684(2), 7685, or 7686 of title 10, United States Code’’. (i) LAWS CLASSIFIED IN TITLE 30, U NITED  STATES CODE.— (1) Section 35(a) of the Mineral Leasing Act (30 U.S.C. 191(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘the Act of June 4, 1920 (41 Stat. 813), as amended June 30, 1938 (52 Stat. 1252)’’ before the period at the end of the first sentence and inserting ‘‘section 8733(b) of title 10, United States Code’’. (2) Section 4 of the Mineral Leasing Act for Acquired Lands (30 U.S.C. 353) is amended by striking ‘‘the Act of June 30, 1938 (32 Stat. 1252), amending the Act of June 4, 1920 (41 Stat. 813)’’ before the period at the end and inserting ‘‘chapter 869 of title 10, United States Code’’. (j) TITLE 32, U NITED STATES CODE.—Section 113(b)(1)(A) of title 32, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 3013(b) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7013(b) of title 10’’. (k) LAWS CLASSIFIED IN TITLE 33, U NITED  STATES CODE.— (1) Section 902(c)(2) of the Oceans and Human Health Act (33 U.S.C. 3101(c)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘(10 U.S.C. 7902(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘(10 U.S.C. 8932(a))’’. (2) Section 12406(a)(3) of the Federal Ocean Acidification Research And Monitoring Act of 2009 (33 U.S.C. 3705(a)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 7901 of title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8931 of title 10, United States Code’’. (l) TITLE36, U NITED STATES CODE.— (1) Section 903(b) of title 36, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sections 3755, 6257, and 8755 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 7285, 8307, and 9285 of title 10’’. (2) Section 40303(b) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 9447 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 9497 of title 10’’. (m) TITLE37, U NITED STATES CODE.— (1) Section 207(c) of title 37, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 6222 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8287 of title 10’’. (2) Section 301a(a)(6)(D) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 6911 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8411 of title 10’’. (3) Section 334(h)(4) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 6911 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8411 of title 10’’. (4) Section 424(c) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 6222 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8287 of title 10’’. (n) TITLE38, U NITED STATES CODE.— (1) The following provisions of chapter 17 of title 38, United States Code, are amended by striking ‘‘section 3741, 6241, or 8741 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7271, 8291, or 9271 of title 10’’: (A) Section 1705(a)(1). (B) Section 1710(a)(2)(D). (C) Section 1710B(c)(2)(D). (D) Section 1722A(a)(3)(D). (2) Section 2306(d)(5) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 3741, 6241, or 8741 of title 10’’ in subparagraphs (C)(iii) and (D) and inserting ‘‘section 7271, 8291, or 9271 of title 10’’. (3) Section 3311(d)(2) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘section 4348, 6959, or 9348 of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 7448, 8459, or 9448 of title 10’’. (n) LAWS CLASSIFIED IN TITLE 42, U NITED  STATES CODE.— (1) Section 106 of the Naval Petroleum Reserves Production Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 6506) is amended by striking ‘‘section 7430 of title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8730 of title 10, United States Code’’. (2) Section 3022 of the Solid Waste Disposal Act (42 U.S.C. 6939d) is amended— (A) in subsection (c)(2), by striking ‘‘section 7293 and sections 7304 through 7308 of title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8663 and sections 8674 through 8678 of title 10, United States Code’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘section 7311 of title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8681 of title 10, United States Code’’. (3) The Department of Energy Organization Act is amended— (A) in section 307 (42 U.S.C. 7156), by striking ‘‘chapter 641 of title 10, United States Code’’ in the matter before paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘chapter 869 of title 10, United States Code’’; and (B) in section 625(a) (42 U.S.C. 7235(a)), by striking ‘‘chapter 641 of title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 869 of title 10, United States Code’’. (4) Section 102(f)(3) of the Uranium Mill Tailings Radiation Control Act of 1978 (42 U.S.C. 7912(f)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘(10 U.S.C. 7420 note; Public Law 105–261)’’ in the matter before subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘(10 U.S.C. 8720 note; Public Law 105–261)’’. (p) LAWS CLASSIFIED IN TITLE 43, U NITED  STATES CODE.—Section 2(e) of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1601(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘sections 7421 through 7438 of title 10 of the United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 8721 through 8738 of title 10, United States Code,’’. (q) TITLE 46, U NITED STATES CODE.—Section 57100(d)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 7310 of title 10, United States Code,’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8680 of title 10’’. (r) LAWS CLASSIFIED IN TITLE 50, U NITED  STATES CODE.—Section 505(a)(2)(B)(i) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3095(a)(2)(B)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘(including a law enacted pursuant to section 
7307(a) of that title)’’ and inserting ‘‘(including a law enacted pursuant to section 8677(a) of title 10)’’. (s) TITLE 54, U NITED STATES CODE.—Section 303102 of title 54, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 7433(b) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 8733(b) of title 10’’. (t) DEEMING RULE FOR OTHER REFERENCES .— Any reference in a provision of law (other than a provision amended by this section) to a section or chapter redesignated by this part shall be deemed to refer to the section or chapter as so redesignated. PART III—REPEALS OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION LAW 
SEC. 811. AMENDMENT TO AND REPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN POSITIONS OR OFFICES IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) A MENDMENT RELATING TO DIRECTOR OF  CORROSION POLICY AND OVERSIGHT .—Section 2228(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, Technology, and Logistics’’ and inserting ‘‘and Sustainment’’ both places it appears; and (2) by striking ‘‘The Director shall report directly to the Under Secretary’’ at the end of paragraph (2). (b) REPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT FOR  OFFICE OF TECHNOLOGY TRANSITION .— (1) REPEAL .—Section 2515 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter III of chapter 148 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2515. (c) REPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT FOR  OFFICE FOR FOREIGN DEFENSE CRITICAL TECHNOLOGY MONITORING AND ASSESSMENT .— (1) REPEAL .—Section 2517 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter III of chapter 148 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2517. (d) REPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT FOR  DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY ADVOCATE FOR  COMPETITION .— (1) REPEAL .—Section 2318 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking subsection (a); and (B) by striking ‘‘(b)’’ before ‘‘Each advocate’’. (2) TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—Such section is further amended— (A) by striking ‘‘advocate for competition of’’ and inserting ‘‘advocate for competition designated pursuant to section 1705(a) of title 41 for’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘a grade GS–16 or above under the General Schedule (or in a comparable or higher position under another schedule)’’ and inserting ‘‘in a position classified above GS–15 pursuant to section 5108 of title 5’’. (e) REPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT FOR  DESIGNATION OF INDIVIDUAL TO SERVE AS PRIMARY LIAISON BETWEEN THE PROCUREMENT AND  RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ACTIVITIES OF THE  UNITED STATES ARMED FORCES AND THOSE OF  
THESTATE OF ISRAEL .—Section 1006 of the National Defense Authorization Act, Fiscal Year 1989 (Public Law 100–456; 102 Stat. 2040; 10 U.S.C. 133a note) is repealed. (f) REPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT FOR  DESIGNATION OF SENIOR OFFICIAL TO COORDI NATE AND MANAGE HUMAN SYSTEMS INTEGRA TION ACTIVITIES RELATED TO ACQUISITION PROGRAMS .—Section 231 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 45; 10 U.S.C. 1701 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—’’; and (2) by striking subsections (b), (c), and (d). (g) REPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT FOR  DESIGNATION OF SENIOR OFFICIAL RESPONSIBLE  
FORFOCUS ON URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS AND  RAPID ACQUISITION .—Section 902 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1865; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is repealed. (h) REPEAL OF STATUTORY REQUIREMENT FOR  DESIGNATION OF SENIOR OFFICIAL RESPONSIBLE  
FOR DUALUSE PROJECTS UNDER DUALUSE SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM .—Section 203 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85; 10 U.S.C. 2511 note) is amended by striking subsection (c). (i) SUBMISSION OF NOTICE AND PLAN TO CONGRESS .—Not less than 30 days before reorganizing, restructuring, or eliminating any position or office specified in this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives notice of such reorganization, restructuring, or elimination together with a plan to ensure that mission requirements are met and appropriate oversight is conducted in carrying out such reorganization, restructuring, or elimination. Such plan shall address how user needs will be met and how associated roles and responsibilities will be accomplished for each position or office that the Secretary determines requiring reorganization, restructuring, or elimination. 
(a) T ITLE10, U NITED STATES CODE.— (1) SECTION 167A .— (A) REPEAL .—Section 167a of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (B) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 6 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 167a. (C) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 905(a)(1) of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 133a note) is amended by striking ‘‘166b, 167, or 167a’’ and inserting ‘‘166b or 167’’. (2) SECTION 2323 .— (A) REPEAL .—Section 2323 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (B) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2323. (C) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (i) Section 853(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2323 of title 10, United States Code, and’’. (ii) Section 831(n) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— (I) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘, as in effect on March 1, 2018’’ after ‘‘section 2323 of title 10, United States Code’’; and (II) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘section 2323 of title 10, United States Code, and’’. (iii) Section 8304(1) of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 (10 U.S.C. 2375 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2323 of title 10, United States Code, or’’. (iv) Section 10004(a)(1) of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 (41 U.S.C. 1122 note) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2323 of title 10, United States Code, or’’. (v) Section 2304(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and concerns other than’’ and all that follows through ‘‘this title’’. (vi) Section 2304e(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (I) by striking ‘‘other than—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘small’’ and inserting ‘‘other than small’’; (II) by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a period; and (III) by striking paragraph (2). (vii) Section 2323a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2323 of this title and’’. (viii) Section 15 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644) is amended— (I) in subsection (j)(3), by striking ‘‘section 2323 of title 10, United States Code,’’; (II) in subsection (k)(10)— (aa) by striking ‘‘or section 2323 of title 10, United States Code,’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subsection (m),’’; and (bb) by striking ‘‘subsection (a),’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a) or’’; and (III) by amending subsection (m) to read as follows: ‘‘(m) ADDITIONAL DUTIES OF PROCUREMENT  CENTER REPRESENTATIVES .—All procurement center representatives (including those referred to in subsection (k)(6)), in addition to such other duties as may be assigned by the Administrator, shall increase, insofar as possible, the number and dollar value of procurements that may be used for the programs established under this section and section 8(a).’’. (ix) Section 1902(b)(1) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, section 2323 of title 10,’’. (3) SECTION 2332 .— (A) REPEAL .—Section 2332 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (B) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 2332. (b) OTHER PROVISIONS OF LAW.—The fol lowing provisions of law are repealed: (1) Section 934 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 2223a note). (2) Section 804 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2223a note). (3) Section 804 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (4) Section 829 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (5) Section 818(g) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (6) Section 815(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (7) Section 141 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (8) Section 801(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (9) Section 352 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (10) Section 9004 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 1990 (Public Law 101–165; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (11) Section 802 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2304 note). (12) Section 813 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2304 note). (13) Section 391 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85; 10 U.S.C. 2304 note). (14) Section 927(b) of Public Laws 99–500, 99– 591, and 99–661 (10 U.S.C. 2304 note). (15) Section 1222(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1987 (Public Law 99–661; 10 U.S.C. 2304 note). (16) Section 814(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2304a note). (17) Section 834 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2304b note). (18) Section 803 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–261; 10 U.S.C. 2306a note). 
(19) Section 1075 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Public Law 103–337; 10 U.S.C. 2315 note). (20) Section 818 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Public Law 103–337; 10 U.S.C. 2324 note). (21) Sections 908(a), (b), (c), and (e) of Public Laws 99–500, 99–591, and 99–661 (10 U.S.C. 2326 note). (22) Section 807 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2330 note). (23) Section 808(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2330 note). (24) Section 812(b)–(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2006 (Public Law 109–163; 10 U.S.C. 2330 note). (25) Section 801(d)–(f) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002 (Public Law 107–107; 10 U.S.C. 2330 note). (26) Section 802 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2002 (Public Law 107–107; 10 U.S.C. 2330 note). (27) Section 831 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2330a note). (28) Section 1032 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). (29) Section 241 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). (30) Section 913(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106–65; 10 U.S.C. 2364 note). (31) Sections 234(a) and (b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1987 (Public Law 99–661; 10 U.S.C. 2364 note). (32) Section 943(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2366a note). (33) Section 801 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1990 (Public Law 101–189; 10 U.S.C. 2399 note). (34) Section 8133 of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2000 (Public Law 106–79; 10 U.S.C. 2401a note). (35) Section 807(b) of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2410p note). (36) Section 1058 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (37) Section 838 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (38) Section 809 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (39) Section 833 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (40) Section 839 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1994 (Public Law 103–160; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (41) Section 819 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1995 (Public Law 103–337; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (42) Section 5064 of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–355; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (43) Section 803 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1997 (Public Law 104–201; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note). (44) Section 328 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 10 U.S.C. 2458 note). (45) Section 347 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–261; 10 U.S.C. 2458 note). (46) Section 349 of the Strom Thurmond National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1999 (Public Law 105–261; 10 U.S.C. 2458 note). (47) Section 395 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1998 (Public Law 105–85; 10 U.S.C. 2458 note). (48) Section 325 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375; 10 U.S.C. 2461 note). (49) Section 336 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 2461 note). (50) Section 353(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (Public Law 104–106; 10 U.S.C. 2461 note). (51) Section 353(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (Public Law 104–106; 10 U.S.C. 2461 note). (52) Section 356 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (Public Law 104–106; 10 U.S.C. 2461 note). (53) Section 1010 of the USA Patriot Act of 2001 (Public Law 107–56; 10 U.S.C. 2465 note). (54) Section 4101 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484; 10 U.S.C. 2500 note). (55) Section 852 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 10 U.S.C. 2504 note). (56) Section 823 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 10 U.S.C. 2521 note). (57) Section 823 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2533b note). (58) Section 804(h) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 2533b note). (59) Section 842(b) of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 10 U.S.C. 2533b note). (60) Section 343 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (as enacted into law by Public Law 106–398; 10 U.S.C. 4551 note). 
SEC. 813. REPEAL OF CERTAIN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) A MENDMENTS TO TITLE 10, U NITED STATES  CODE.—Title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (1) SECTION 231A .— (A) REPEAL .—Section 231a is repealed. (B) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 9 is amended by striking the item relating to section 231a. (2) SECTION 2276 .—Section 2276 is amended by striking subsection (e). (b) NDAA 
FOR FY 2008.—The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181) is amended— (1) in section 911(f) (10 U.S.C. 2271 note)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘; BIENNIAL UPDATE ’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘, and each update required by paragraph (2),’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (2) and redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2); and (2) in section 1034— (A) by striking subsection (d); and (B) by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (d). (c) NDAA 
FORFY 2009.—Section 1047(d) of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 10 U.S.C. 2366b note) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘BANDWIDTH ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘BANDWIDTH REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2). (d) NDAA 
FORFY 2010.—Section 1244 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 22 U.S.C. 1928 note) is amended by striking subsection (d). (e) NDAA 
FORFY 2011.—Section 1217 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 22 U.S.C. 7513 note) is amended by striking subsection (i). (f) NDAA FORFY 2013.—Section 524 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1723; 10 U.S.C. 1222 note) is amended by striking subsection (c). (g) NDAA 
FOR FY 2015.—Section 1026(d) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3490) is repealed. (h) MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATION  ACT, 1982.—Section 703 of the Military Construction Authorization Act, 1982 (Public Law 97–99; 95 Stat. 1376) is amended by striking subsection (g). (i) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) NDAA 
FOR FY 2017 .—Section 1061 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) is amended— (A) in subsection (c), by striking paragraphs (16) and (41); (B) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph (3); (C) in subsection (f), by striking paragraph (1); (D) in subsection (g), by striking paragraph (3); (E) in subsection (h), by striking paragraph (3); and (F) in subsection (i), by striking paragraphs (15), (17), and (24). (2) NDAA 
FOR FY 2000 .—Section 1031 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 749; 31 U.S.C. 1113 note) is amended by striking paragraph (32). Subtitle B—Amendments to General Contracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations 
SEC. 816. MODIFICATION OF LIMITATIONS ON SINGLE SOURCE TASK OR DELIVERY ORDER CONTRACTS. 
Section 2304a(d)(3)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘reasonably perform the work’’ and inserting ‘‘efficiently perform the work’’. 
SEC. 817. PRELIMINARY COST ANALYSIS REQUIREMENT FOR EXERCISE OF MULTIYEAR CONTRACT AUTHORITY. 
Section 2306b(i)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘made after the completion of a cost analysis’’ and inserting ‘‘supported by a preliminary cost analysis’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘for the purpose of section 2334(e)(1) of this title, and that the analysis supports those preliminary findings’’. 
SEC. 818. REVISION OF REQUIREMENT TO SUBMIT INFORMATION ON SERVICES CONTRACTS TO CONGRESS. 
(a) R EVISION .—Section 2329(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2022’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2021’’; and (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘at or about’’ and inserting ‘‘at or before’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or on the date on which the futureyears defense program is submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title’’ after ‘‘title 31’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (4) in paragraph (4), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) be included in the futureyears defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title.’’. (b) BRIEFING REQUIREMENT ON SERVICES CONTRACTS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until the requirements of section 2329(b) of title 10, United States Code, are met, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition 
and Sustainment shall brief the congressional defense committees on the progress of Department of Defense efforts to meet the requirements of such section, including relevant information on the methodology and implementation plans for future compliance. 
SEC. 819. DATA COLLECTION AND INVENTORY FOR SERVICES CONTRACTS. 
Section 2330a of title 10, United States Code, is amended in subsection (c)(1)— (1) by inserting ‘‘and contracts closely associated with inherently governmental functions’’ after ‘‘staff augmentation contracts’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment’’. 
SEC. 820. REPORT ON CLARIFICATION OF SERVICES CONTRACTING DEFINITIONS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report clarifying the definitions of and relationships between terms used by the Department of Defense related to services contracting, including the appropriate use of personal services contracts and nonpersonal services contracts, and the responsibilities of individuals in the acquisition workforce with respect to such contracts. 
SEC. 821. INCREASE IN MICROPURCHASE THRESHOLD APPLICABLE TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2338 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding subsection (a) of section 1902 of title 41, the micropurchase threshold for the Department of Defense for purposes of such section is $5,000’’ and inserting ‘‘The micropurchase threshold for the Department of Defense is $10,000’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1902(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘sections 2338 and 2339 of title 10 and’’. (c) REPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 2339 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 2339. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall carry out a study of the frequency and effects of bid protests involving the same contract award or proposed award that have been filed at both the Government Accountability Office and the United States Court of Federal Claims. The study shall cover Department of Defense contracts and include, at a minimum— (1) the number of protests that have been filed with both tribunals and results; (2) the number of such protests where the tribunals differed in denying or sustaining the action; (3) the length of time, in average time and median time— (A) from initial filing at the Government Accountability Office to decision in the United States Court of Federal Claims; (B) from filing with each tribunal to decision by such tribunal; (C) from the time at which the basis of the protest is known to the time of filing in each tribunal; and (D) in the case of an appeal from a decision of the United States Court of Federal Claims, from the date of the initial filing of the appeal to decision in the appeal; (4) the number of protests where performance was stayed or enjoined and for how long; (5) if performance was stayed or enjoined, whether the requirement was obtained in the interim through another vehicle or inhouse, or whether during the period of the stay or enjoining the requirement went unfulfilled; (6) separately for each tribunal, the number of protests where performance was stayed or enjoined and monetary damages were awarded, which shall include for how long performance was stayed or enjoined and the amount of monetary damages; (7) whether the protestor was a large or small business; and (8) whether the protestor was the incumbent in a prior contract for the same or similar product or service. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study, along with related recommendations for improving the expediency of the bid protest process. In preparing the report, the Secretary shall consult with the Attorney General of the United States, the Comptroller General of the United States, and the United States Court of Federal Claims. (c) ONGOING DATA COLLECTION .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish and continuously maintain a data repository to collect on an ongoing basis the information described in subsection (a) and any additional relevant bid protest data the Secretary determines necessary and appropriate to allow the Department of Defense, the Government Accountability Office, and the United States Court of Federal Claims to assess and review bid protests over time. (d) ESTABLISHMENT OF EXPEDITED PROCESS  
FORSMALL VALUE CONTRACTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than December 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a plan and schedule for an expedited bid protest process for Department of Defense contracts with a value of less than $100,000. (2) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense may consult with the Government Accountability Office and the United States Court of Federal Claims to the extent such entities may establish a similar process at their election. (3) REPORT .—Not later than May 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the plan and schedule for implementation of the expedited bid protest process, which shall include a request for any additional authorities the Secretary determines appropriate for such efforts. 
SEC. 823. INCLUSION OF BEST AVAILABLE INFORMATION REGARDING PAST PERFORMANCE OF SUBCONTRACTORS AND JOINT VENTURE PARTNERS. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council and the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy, shall develop policies for the Department of Defense to ensure the best information regarding past performance of certain subcontractors and joint venture partners is available when awarding Department of Defense contracts. The policies shall include proposed revisions to the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement as follows: (1) Required performance evaluations, as part of a governmentwide evaluation reporting tool, for firsttier subcontractors on construction and architectengineer contracts performing a portion of the contract valued at the threshold set forth in section 42.1502(e) of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, or 20 percent of the value of the prime contract, whichever is higher, provided— (A) the information included in rating the subcontractor is not inconsistent with the information included in the rating for the prime contractor; (B) the subcontractor evaluation is conducted consistent with the provisions of section 42.15 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation; (C) negative evaluations of a subcontractor in no way obviate the prime contractor’s responsibility for successful completion of the contract and management of its subcontractors; and (D) that in the judgment of the contracting officer, the overall execution of the work is impacted by the performance of the subcontractor or subcontractors. (2) Required performance evaluations, as part of a governmentwide evaluation reporting tool, of individual partners of joint ventureawarded construction and architectengineer contracts valued at the threshold set forth in section 42.1502(e) of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, to ensure that past performance on joint venture projects is considered in future awards to individual joint venture partners, provided— (A) at a minimum, the rating for joint ventures includes an identification that allows the evaluation to be retrieved for each partner of the joint venture; (B) each partner, through the joint venture, is given the same opportunity to submit comments, rebutting statements, or additional information, consistent with the provisions of section 42.15 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation; and (C) the rating clearly identifies the responsibilities of joint venture partners for discrete elements of the work where the partners are not jointly and severally responsible for the project. (3) Processes to request exceptions from the annual evaluation requirement under section 42.1502(a) of the Federal Acquisition Regulation for construction and architectengineer contracts where submission of the annual evaluations would not provide the best representation of the performance of a contractor, including subcontractors and joint venture partners, including— (A) where no severable element of the work has been completed; (B) where the contracting officer determines that— (i) an insubstantial portion of the contract work has been completed in the preceding year; and (ii) the lack of performance is at no fault to the contractor; or (C) where the contracting officer determines that there is an issue in dispute which, until resolved, would likely cause the annual rating to inaccurately reflect the past performance of the contractor. SEC. 824. SUBCONTRACTING PRICE AND APPROVED PURCHASING SYSTEMS. 
(a) A MENDMENT .—Section 893 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (g), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) The term ‘approved purchasing system’ has the meaning given the term in section 44.101 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation (or any similar regulation).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(i) CONSENT TO SUBCONTRACT .—If the contractor on a Department of Defense contract requiring a contracting officer’s written consent prior to the contractor entering into a subcontract has an approved purchasing system, the contracting officer may not withhold such consent without the written approval of the program manager.’’. (b) CONFORMING REGULATIONS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement to conform with the amendments to section 893 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) made by this section. 
SEC. 825. MODIFICATION OF CRITERIA FOR WAIVERS OF REQUIREMENT FOR CERTIFIED COST AND PRICE DATA. 
Section 817(b)(2) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2306a note) is amended by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major Defense Acquisition Programs 
SEC. 831. REVISIONS IN AUTHORITY RELATING TO PROGRAM COST TARGETS AND FIELDING TARGETS FOR MAJOR DEFENSE ACQUISITION PROGRAMS. 
(a) R EVISIONS IN AUTHORITY RELATING TO  PROGRAM COST AND FIELDING TARGETS .—Sec tion 2448a of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense’’ and inserting ‘‘designated milestone decision authority for the program’’; (2) by striking ‘‘the milestone decision authority for the major defense acquisition program approves a program that’’ and inserting ‘‘the program’’; (3) by striking subsection (b); and (4) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (b). (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 181(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) by striking paragraph (3); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6), respectively. (2) Section 2366a(c)(1)(A) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘by the Secretary of Defense’’. (3) Section 2366b of such title is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(3)(D), by striking ‘‘Secretary of Defense after a request for such increase or delay by the’’; and (B) in subsection (c)(1)(A), by striking ‘‘by the Secretary of Defense’’. (4) Section 925(b)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2361; 10 U.S.C. 2448a note) is amended by striking ‘‘Deputy Secretary of Defense and the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff’’ and inserting ‘‘designated milestone decision authority for the major defense acquisition program and the Vice Chief of Staff of the armed force concerned or, in the case of a program for which an alternate milestone decision authority is designated under section 2430(d)(2) of such title, the Vice Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff’’. 
SEC. 832. IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE INDEPENDENT STUDY ON CONSIDERATION OF SUSTAINMENT IN WEAPONS SYSTEMS LIFE CYCLE. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REQUIRED .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, except as provided under subsection (b), commence implementation of each recommendation submitted as part of the independent assessment produced under section 844 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2290). (b) EXCEPTIONS .— (1) DELAYED IMPLEMENTATION .—The Sec retary of Defense may commence implementation of a recommendation described under subsection (a) later than the date required under such subsection if the Secretary provides the congressional defense committees with a specific justification for the delay in implementation of such recommendation. (2) NONIMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of Defense may opt not to implement a recommendation described under subsection (a) if the Secretary provides to the congressional defense committees— (A) the reasons for the decision not to implement the recommendation; and (B) a summary of the alternative actions the Secretary plans to take to address the purposes underlying the recommendation. (c) IMPLEMENTATION PLANS.—For each recommendation that the Secretary is implementing, or that the Secretary plans to implement, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (1) a summary of actions that have been taken to implement the recommendation; and (2) a schedule, with specific milestones, for completing the implementation of the recommendation. 
SEC. 833. COMPTROLLER GENERAL ASSESSMENT OF ACQUISITION PROGRAMS AND RELATED INITIATIVES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 131 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2229b. Comptroller General assessment of acquisition programs and initiatives ‘‘(a) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees an annual assessment of selected acquisition programs and initiatives of the Department of Defense by March 30th of each year from 2020 through 2023. ‘‘(b) ANALYSES TOBEINCLUDED .—The assessment required under subsection (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) a macro analysis of how well acquisition programs and initiatives are performing and reasons for that performance; ‘‘(2) a summary of organizational and legislative changes and emerging assessment methodologies since the last assessment, and a discussion of the implications for execution and oversight of programs and initiatives; and ‘‘(3) specific analyses of individual acquisition programs and initiatives. ‘‘(c) ACQUISITION PROGRAMS AND INITIATIVES  
TOBECONSIDERED .—The assessment required under subsection (a) shall consider the following programs and initiatives: ‘‘(1) Selected weapon systems, as determined appropriate by the Comptroller General. ‘‘(2) Selected information technology systems and initiatives, including defense business systems, networks, and softwareintensive systems, as determined appropriate by the Comptroller General. ‘‘(3) Selected prototyping and rapid fielding activities and initiatives, as determined appropriate by the Comptroller General.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2229a the following new item: ‘‘2229b. Comptroller General assessment of acquisition programs and related initiatives.’’. (c) REPEAL OF SUPERSEDED AUTHORITY .—Sec tion 883(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) is amended by striking paragraph (1), effective on January 1, 2020. Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to Commercial Items 
SEC. 836. REVISION OF DEFINITION OF COMMERCIAL ITEM FOR PURPOSES OF FEDERAL ACQUISITION STATUTES. 
(a) D EFINITIONS IN CHAPTER 1 OFTITLE 41, UNITED STATES CODE.— (1) SEPARATION OF ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEM ’’ DEFINITION INTO DEFINITIONS OF ‘‘COMMERCIAL  
PRODUCT ’’ AND‘‘COMMERCIAL SERVICE ’’.—Chap ter 1 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking section 103 and inserting the following new sections: ‘‘§ 103. Commercial product ‘‘In this subtitle, the term ‘commercial product’ means any of the following: ‘‘(1) A product, other than real property, that— ‘‘(A) is of a type customarily used by the general public or by nongovernmental entities for purposes other than governmental purposes; and ‘‘(B) has been sold, leased, or licensed, or offered for sale, lease, or license, to the general public. ‘‘(2) A product that— ‘‘(A) evolved from a product described in paragraph (1) through advances in technology or performance; and ‘‘(B) is not yet available in the commercial marketplace but will be available in the commercial marketplace in time to satisfy the delivery requirements under a Federal Government solicitation. ‘‘(3) A product that would satisfy the criteria in paragraph (1) or (2) were it not for— ‘‘(A) modifications of a type customarily available in the commercial marketplace; or ‘‘(B) minor modifications made to meet Federal Government requirements. ‘‘(4) Any combination of products meeting the requirements of paragraph (1), (2), or (3) that are of a type customarily combined and sold in combination to the general public. ‘‘(5) A product, or combination of products, referred to in paragraphs (1) through (4), even though the product, or combination of products, is transferred between or among separate divisions, subsidiaries, or affiliates of a contractor. ‘‘(6) A nondevelopmental item if the procuring agency determines, in accordance with conditions in the Federal Acquisition Regulation, that— ‘‘(A) the product was developed exclusively at private expense; and ‘‘(B) has been sold in substantial quantities, on a competitive basis, to multiple State and local governments or to multiple foreign governments. ‘‘§ 103a. Commercial service ‘‘In this subtitle, the term ‘commercial service’ means any of the following: ‘‘(1) Installation services, maintenance services, repair services, training services, and other services if— ‘‘(A) those services are procured for support of a commercial product, regardless of whether the services are provided by the same source or at the same time as the commercial product; and ‘‘(B) the source of the services provides similar services contemporaneously to the general public under terms and conditions similar to those offered to the Federal Government; ‘‘(2) Services of a type offered and sold competitively, in substantial quantities, in the commercial marketplace— ‘‘(A) based on established catalog or market prices; ‘‘(B) for specific tasks performed or specific outcomes to be achieved; and ‘‘(C) under standard commercial terms and conditions. ‘‘(3) A service described in paragraph (1) or (2), even though the service is transferred between or among separate divisions, subsidiaries, or affiliates of a contractor.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO TITLE 41  
DEFINITIONS .— (A) DEFINITION OF COMMERCIAL COMPONENT .— Section 102 of such title is amended by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’. (B) DEFINITION OF COMMERCIALLY AVAILABLE  
OFFTHESHELF ITEM .—Section 104(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’. (C) DEFINITION OF NONDEVELOPMENTAL  
ITEM.—Section 110(1) of such title is amended by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’. (3) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 1 of title 41, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 103 and inserting the following new items: ‘‘103. Commercial product. ‘‘103a. Commercial service.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO OTHER PROVISIONS OF TITLE 41, U NITED STATES CODE.— Title 41, United States Code, is further amended as follows: (1) Section 1502(b) is amended— 
(A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; (B) in paragraph (1)(C)(i), by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial product or commercial service’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)(A)(i), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (2) Section 1705(c) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products and commercial services’’. (3) Section 1708 is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ in subsections (c)(6) and (e)(3) and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (4) Section 1901 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; and (B) in subsection (e)— (i) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEMS’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL  PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (5) Section 1903(c) is amended— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEM’’ and inserting ‘‘C OMMER CIALPRODUCT OR COMMERCIAL SERVICE ’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘as a commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘as a commercial product or a commercial service’’; and (C) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘for an item or service treated as a commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘for a product or service treated as a commercial product or a commercial service’’. (6)(A) Section 1906 is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ each place it appears in subsections (b), (c), and (d) and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (B)(i) The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 1906. List of laws inapplicable to procurements of commercial products and commercial services’’. (ii) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 19 is amended by striking the item relating to section 1906 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘1906. List of laws inapplicable to procurements of commercial products and commercial services.’’. (7) Section 3304 is amended by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ in subsections (a)(5) and (e)(4)(B) and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’. (8) Section 3305(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (9) Section 3306(b) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (10)(A) Section 3307 is amended— (i) in subsection (a)— (I) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEMS’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL  PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; (II) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products and commercial services’’; and (III) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘a commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘a commercial product or commercial service’’; (ii) in subsection (b)— (I) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘commercial items or, to the extent that commercial items suitable to meet the executive agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services or commercial products or, to the extent that commercial products suitable to meet the executive agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; and (II) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘commercial items and nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services, commercial products, and nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; (iii) in subsection (c)— (I) in paragraphs (1) and (2), by striking ‘‘commercial items or nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services or commercial products or nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; (II) in paragraphs (3) and (4), by striking ‘‘commercial items or, to the extent that commercial items suitable to meet the executive agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services or commercial products or, to the extent that commercial products suitable to meet the executive agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; and (III) in paragraphs (5) and (6), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products and commercial services’’; (iv) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘commercial items or, to the extent that commercial items suitable to meet the executive agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services or commercial products or, to the extent that commercial products suitable to meet the executive agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; and (v) in subsection (e)— (I) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘103a, 104,’’ after ‘‘sections 102, 103,’’; (II) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; (III) in the first sentence of paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘commercial end items’’ and inserting ‘‘end items that are commercial products’’; (IV) in paragraphs (2)(B)(i), (2)(C)(i) and (2)(D), by striking ‘‘commercial items or commercial components’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products, commercial components, or commercial services’’; (V) in paragraph (2)(C), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; (VI) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; (VII) in paragraph (4)(C)(i), by striking ‘‘commercial item, as described in section 103(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial product, as described in section 103a(1)’’; and (VIII) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘items’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘products’’. (B)(i) The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3307. Preference for commercial products and commercial services’’. (ii) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 33 is amended by striking the item relating to section 3307 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘3307. Preference for commercial products and commercial services.’’. (11) Section 3501 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking paragraph (1); (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; and (iii) in paragraph (2) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘
ITEM’’ in the heading for paragraph (1); and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ in paragraphs (1) and (2)(A) and inserting ‘‘commercial services’’. (12) Section 3503 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘a commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘a commercial product or a commercial service’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEMS’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL  PRODUCTS OR COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘a commercial item’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘a commercial product or a commercial service’’. (13) Section 3505(b) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (14) Section 3509(b) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (15) Section 3704(c)(5) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’. (16) Section 3901(b)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (17) Section 4301(2) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (18)(A) Section 4505 is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ in subsections (a) and (c) and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (B)(i) The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 4505. Payments for commercial products and commercial services’’. (ii) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 45 is amended by striking the item relating to section 4505 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘4505. Payments for commercial products and commercial services.’’. (19) Section 4704(d) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (20) Sections 8102(a)(1), 8703(d)(2), and 8704(b) are amended by striking ‘‘commercial items (as defined in section 103 of this title)’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services (as defined in sections 103 and 103a, respectively, of this title)’’. (c) AMENDMENTS TO CHAPTER 137 OFTITLE10, UNITED STATES CODE.—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (1) Section 2302(3) is amended— (A) by redesignating subparagraphs (J), (K), and (L) as subparagraphs (K), (L), and (M); and (B) by striking subparagraph (I) and inserting the following new subparagraphs (I) and (J): ‘‘(I) The term ‘commercial product’. ‘‘(J) The term ‘commercial service’.’’. (2) Section 2304 is amended— (A) in subsections (c)(5) and (f)(2)(B), by striking ‘‘brandname commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘brandname commercial product’’; (B) in subsection (g)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; and (C) in subsection (i)(3), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’. (3) Section 2305 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(2), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; and (B) in subsection (b)(5)(B)(v), by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’. (4) Section 2306(b) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (5) Section 2306a is amended— (A) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘a commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘a commercial product or a commercial service’’; (ii) in paragraph (2)— (I) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL  
(II) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘commercial product or commercial services’’; (iii) in paragraph (3)— (I) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL  
PRODUCTS ’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘item’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘product’’; and (iv) in paragraph (4)— (I) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEM ’’ in the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL  
PRODUCT OR COMMERCIAL SERVICE ’’; (II) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ in subparagraph (A) after ‘‘applying the’’; (III) by striking ‘‘prior commercial item determination’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘prior commercial product or commercial service determination’’; (IV) by striking ‘‘of such item’’ in subparagraph (A) and inserting ‘‘of such product or service’’; (V) by striking ‘‘of an item previously determined to be a commercial item’’ in subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘of a product or service previously determined to be a commercial product or a commercial service’’; (VI) by striking ‘‘of a commercial item,’’ in subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘of a commercial product or a commercial service, as the case may be,’’; (VII) by striking ‘‘the commercial item determination’’ in subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘the commercial product or commercial service determination’’; and (VIII) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ in subparagraph (C); and (v) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; (B) in subsection (d)(2), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; and (C) in subsection (h)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; and (ii) by striking paragraph (3). (6) Section 2307(f) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEMS’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL  PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ in paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting ‘‘commercial products and commercial services’’. (7) Section 2320(b) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘a commercial item, the item’’ and inserting ‘‘a commercial product, the product’’; and (B) in paragraph (9)(A), by striking ‘‘any noncommercial item or process’’ and inserting ‘‘any noncommercial product or process’’. (8) Section 2321(f) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘the item’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(A), in clauses (i) and (ii), by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’. (9) Section 2324(l)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (10) Section 2335(b) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products and commercial services’’. (d) AMENDMENTS TO CHAPTER 140 OFTITLE10, UNITED STATES CODE.—Chapter 140 of title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (1) Section 2375 is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ in paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting ‘‘commercial product or commercial service’’; (B) in subsections (b) and (c)— (i) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEMS’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL  PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘commercial products and commercial services’’; and (C) in subsection (e)(3), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products and commercial services’’. (2) Section 2376(1) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘terms ‘commercial item’,’’ and inserting ‘‘terms ‘commercial product’, ‘commercial service’,’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘chapter 1 of title 41’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 103, 103a, 110, 105, and 102, respectively, of title 41’’. (3) Section 2377 is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘commercial items or, to the extent that commercial items suitable to meet the agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services or commercial products or, to the extent that commercial products suitable to meet the agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘commercial items and nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services, commercial products, and nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraphs (1) and (2), by striking ‘‘commercial items or nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services, commercial products, or nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; (ii) in paragraphs (3) and (4), by striking ‘‘commercial items or, to the extent that commercial items suitable to meet the agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services or commercial products or, to the extent that commercial products suitable to meet the agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; and (iii) in paragraphs (5) and (6), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products and commercial services’’; (C) in subsection (c)— (i) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘commercial items or, to the extent that commercial items suitable to meet the agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services or commercial products or, to the extent that commercial products suitable to meet the agency’s needs are not available, nondevelopmental items other than commercial products’’; and (ii) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘items other than commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘products other than commercial products or services other than commercial services’’; (D) in subsection (d)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; (ii) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘items’’ and inserting ‘‘products or services’’; and (iii) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘items’’ and inserting ‘‘products or services’’; and (E) in subsection (e)(1), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products and commercial services’’. (4) Section 2379 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEMS’’ in the headings of subsections (b) and (c) and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS ’’; (B) in subsections (a)(1)(A), (b)(2), and (c)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘, as defined in section 103 of title 41’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and ‘‘commercial items’’ each place they appear and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’ and ‘‘commercial products’’, respectively. (5) Section 2380 is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘commercial item determinations’’ in paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting ‘‘commercial product and commercial service determinations’’; and (B) in subsection (b) (as added by section 848 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018)— (i) by striking ‘‘ITEM’’ in the subsection heading; (ii) by striking ‘‘an item’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘a product or service’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘item’’ after ‘‘using commercial’’ each place it appears; (iv) by striking ‘‘prior commercial item determination’’ and inserting ‘‘prior commercial product or service determination’’; (v) by striking ‘‘such item’’ and inserting ‘‘such product or service’’; and (vi) by striking ‘‘the item’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘the product or service’’. (6) Section 2380a is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by striking ‘‘items and’’ and inserting ‘‘products and’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products and commercial services, respectively,’’; and (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial services’’. (7) Section 2380B is amended by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’. (8) AMENDMENTS TO HEADINGS , ETC.— (A) The heading of such chapter is amended to read as follows: ‘‘CHAPTER 140—PROCUREMENT OF COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES’’. (B) The heading of section 2375 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2375. Relationship of other provisions of law to procurement of commercial products and commercial services’’. (C) The heading of section 2377 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2377. Preference for commercial products and commercial services’’. (D) The heading of section 2379 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2379. Procurement of a major weapon system as a commercial product: requirement for prior determination by Secretary of Defense and notification to Congress’’. (E) The heading of section 2380 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2380. Commercial product and commercial service determinations by Department of Defense’’. (F) The heading of section 2380a is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2380a. Treatment of certain products and services as commercial products and commercial services’’. (G) Section 2380B is redesignated as section 2380b and the heading of that section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2380b. Treatment of commingled items purchased by contractors as commercial products’’. (H) The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended to read as follows: ‘‘2375. Relationship of other provisions of law to procurement of commercial products and commercial services. ‘‘2376. Definitions. ‘‘2377. Preference for commercial products and commercial services. ‘‘2379. Procurement of a major weapon system as a commercial product: requirement for prior determination by Secretary of Defense and notification to Congress. ‘‘2380. Commercial product and commercial service determinations by Department of Defense. 
SERVICES’’; (ii) in the matter in paragraph (1) preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial service’’; (iii) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘a commercial item, as described in section 103(5) of title 41’’ and inserting ‘‘a service, as described in section 103a(1) of title 41’’; (iv) in paragraph (1)(C)(i), by striking ‘‘section 103(6) of title 41’’ and inserting ‘‘section 103a(2) of title 41’’; and (v) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘item’’ and inserting ‘‘service’’. (7) Section 849(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2377 note) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’; (B) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ in paragraph (3)(B)(i) and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) DEFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘commercial product’ has the meaning given that term in section 103 of title 41.’’. (8) Section 856(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2377 note) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items or services’’ and inserting ‘‘a commercial product or a commercial service, as defined in sections 103 and 103a, respectively, of title 41,’’. (9) Section 879 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended— (A) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘ com mercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’; (C) in subsection (c)(3)— (i) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL  
PRODUCTS OR COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; and (D) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘item’’ in subparagraphs (A) and (B) and inserting ‘‘products’’. (10) Section 880 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 41 U.S.C. 3301 note) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ in subsection (a)(1) and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’. (g) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO OTHER STATUTES .— (1) Section 604(g) of the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act of 2009 (6 U.S.C. 453b(g)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEMS’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL  PRODUCTS ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘procurement of commercial’’ in the first sentence and all that follows through ‘‘items listed’’ and inserting ‘‘procurement of commercial products notwithstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, with the exception of commercial products listed’’; and (C) in the second sentence— (i) by inserting ‘‘product’’ after ‘‘commercial’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘in the’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘in section 103 of title 41, United States Code.’’. (2) Section 142 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1018a) is amended— (A) in subsection (e)— (i) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEMS’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL  PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘that commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘that commercial products or commercial services’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘special rules for commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘special rules for commercial products and commercial services’’; (iv) by striking ‘‘without regard to—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘dollar limitation’’ and inserting ‘‘without regard to any dollar limitation’’; (v) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a period; and (vi) by striking paragraph (2); (B) in subsection (f)— (i) by striking ‘‘ITEMS’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘PRODUCTS AND SERVICES’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘ITEMS’’ in the heading of paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘PRODUCTS AND  
SERVICES ’’; and (iii) by striking ‘‘a commercial item’’ in paragraph (2) and inserting ‘‘a commercial product or a commercial service’’; (C) in subsection (h)— (i) by striking ‘‘ITEMS’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘SERVICES ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ in paragraph (1) and inserting ‘‘commercial services’’; and (D) in subsection (l)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (2), (3), (4), and (5) as paragraphs (3), (4), (5), and (6), respectively; (ii) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1) COMMERCIAL PRODUCT .—The term ‘commercial product’ has the meaning given the term in section 103 of title 41, United States Code. 
‘‘(2) C OMMERCIAL SERVICE .—The term ‘commercial service’ has the meaning given the term in section 103a of title 41, United States Code.’’; (iii) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘in section’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘in section 152 of title 41, United States Code.’’; (iv) in paragraph (5), as so redesignated— (I) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEMS ’’ in the paragraph heading and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL  
PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES ’’; (II) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products and commercial services’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘pursuant to’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘pursuant to sections 1901 and 3305(a) of title 41, United States Code.’’; and (v) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘pursuant to’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘pursuant to sections 1901(a)(1) and 3305(a)(1) of title 41, United States Code.’’. (3) Section 3901(a)(4)(A)(ii)(II) of title 31, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’. (4) Section 2455(c)(1) of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 (31 U.S.C. 6101 note) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’. (5) Section 508(f) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1368(f)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the term’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘the terms ‘commercial product’ and ‘commercial service’ have the meanings given those terms in sections 103 and 103a, respectively, of title 41, United States Code.’’. (6) Section 3707 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘a commercial item (as defined in section 103 of title 41)’’ and inserting ‘‘a commercial product (as defined in section 103 of title 41) or a commercial service (as defined in section 103a of title 41)’’. (7) Subtitle III of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 11101(1), by striking ‘‘COMMER CIAL ITEM .—The term ‘commercial item’ has’’ and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL PRODUCT .—The term ‘commercial product’ has’’; and (B) in section 11314(a)(3), by striking ‘‘items’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘products’’. (8) Section 8301(g) of the Federal Acquisition Streamlining Act of 1994 (42 U.S.C. 7606 note) is amended by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products or commercial services’’. (9) Section 40118(f) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial product’’. (10) Chapter 501 of title 51, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 50113(c)— (i) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEM’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL  PRODUCT OR COMMERCIAL SERVICE ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ in the second sentence and inserting ‘‘commercial product or commercial service’’; and (B) in section 50115(b)— (i) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEM’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL  PRODUCT OR COMMERCIAL SERVICE ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ in the second sentence and inserting ‘‘commercial product or commercial service’’; and (C) in section 50132(a)— (i) by striking ‘‘COMMERCIAL ITEM’’ in the subsection heading and inserting ‘‘COMMERCIAL  SERVICE ’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘commercial item’’ in the second sentence and inserting ‘‘commercial service’’. (h) EFFECTIVE DATE AND SAVINGS PROVISION.—The amendments made by subsections (a) through (g) shall take effect on January 1, 2020. Any provision of law that on the day before such effective date is on a list of provisions of law included in the Federal Acquisition Regulation pursuant to section 1907 of title 41, United States Code, shall be deemed as of that effective date to be on a list of provisions of law included in the Federal Acquisition Regulation pursuant to section 1906 of such title. (i) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than April 1, 2019, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in coordination with members of the Defense Business Board, the Defense Science Board, and the Defense Innovation Board as appropriate, shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives an implementation plan that contains the following elements: (1) An implementation timeline and schedule, to include substantive, technical, and conforming changes to the law that the Under Secretary deems appropriate and necessary, to include revising definitions or categories of items, products, and services. (2) A review of recommendations by the independent panel created under section 809 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 889) pertaining to commercial items. (3) A review of commercial item provisions from the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92), the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), and other relevant legislation. (4) An analysis of the extent to which the Department of Defense should treat commercial service contracts and commercial products in a similar manner. (5) Such other matters with respect to commercial item procurement as the Under Secretary considers appropriate. 
SEC. 837. LIMITATION ON APPLICABILITY TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE COMMERCIAL CONTRACTS OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS OF LAW. 
(a) S ECTION 2375.—Section 2375(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2015’’ and inserting ‘‘October 13, 1994’’. (b) SECTION 2533A.—Section 2533a(i) of such title is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘ITEMS’’ and inserting ‘‘P RODUCTS ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’. (c) SECTION 2533B.—Section 2533b(h) of such title is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘ITEMS’’ and inserting ‘‘P RODUCTS ’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘commercial items’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘commercial products’’. 
SEC. 838. MODIFICATIONS TO PROCUREMENT THROUGH COMMERCIAL ECOMMERCE PORTALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 846 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 41 U.S.C. 1901 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (f), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) A procurement of a product made through a commercial ecommerce portal under the program established pursuant to subsection (a) is deemed to satisfy requirements for full and open competition pursuant to section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, and section 3301 of title 41, United States Code, if— ‘‘(A) there are offers from two or more suppliers of such a product or similar product with substantially the same physical, functional, or performance characteristics on the online marketplace; and ‘‘(B) the Administrator establishes procedures to implement subparagraph (A) and notifies Congress at least 30 days before implementing such procedures.’’; and (2) in subsection (h), by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) agree not to use, for pricing, marketing, competitive, or other purposes, any information, including any Governmentowned data, such as purchasing trends or spending habits, related to a product from a thirdparty supplier featured on the commercial ecommerce portal or the transaction of such product, except as necessary to comply with the requirements of the program established in subsection (a).’’. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the implementation of any ecommerce portal under such section 846 to procure commercial products will be done in a manner that will enhance competition, expedite procurement, and ensure reasonable pricing of commercial products; (2) the implementation of the ecommerce portal will be completed with multiple contracts with multiple commercial ecommerce portal providers; and (3) the Administrator of the General Services Administration should require any ecommerce portal provider to take the necessary precautions to safeguard data of all other ecommerce portal providers and any thirdparty suppliers. 
SEC. 839. REVIEW OF FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATIONS ON COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS, COMMERCIAL SERVICES, AND COMMERCIALLY AVAILABLE OFF THESHELF ITEMS. 
(a) R EVIEW OF DETERMINATIONS NOT TO EXEMPT CONTRACTS FOR COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS , COMMERCIAL SERVICES , AND COMMERCIALLY  AVAILABLE OFFTHESHELF ITEMS FROM CERTAIN LAWS AND REGULATIONS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall— (1) review each determination of the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council pursuant to section 1906(b)(2), section 1906(c)(3), or section 1907(a)(2) of title 41, United States Code, not to exempt contracts or subcontracts from laws which such contracts and subcontracts would otherwise be exempt from under section 1906(d) of title 41, United States Code; and (2) propose revisions to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to provide an exemption from each law subject to such determination unless the Council determines that there is a specific reason not to provide the exemptions pursuant to section 1906 of such title or the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy determines there is a specific reason not to provide the exemption pursuant to section 1907 of such title. (b) REVIEW OF CERTAIN CONTRACT CLAUSE REQUIREMENTS APPLICABLE TO COMMERCIAL PRODUCTS AND COMMERCIAL SERVICES CONTRACTS .— Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall— (1) review the Federal Acquisition Regulation to assess all regulations that require a specific contract clause for a contract using commercial product or commercial services acquisition procedures under part 12 of the Federal Acquisition Regulation, except for regulations required by law or Executive order; and (2) propose revisions to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to eliminate regulations reviewed under paragraph (1) unless the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council determines on a casebycase basis that there is a specific reason not to eliminate the regulation. (c) ELIMINATION OF CERTAIN CONTRACT  CLAUSE REGULATIONS APPLICABLE TO COMMER CIALLY AVAILABLE OFFTHESHELF ITEM SUBCONTRACTS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall— 
(1) review the Federal Acquisition Regulation to assess all regulations that require a prime contractor to include a specific contract clause in a subcontract for commercially available off theshelf items unless the inclusion of such clause is required by law or Executive order; and (2) propose revisions to the Federal Acquisition Regulation to eliminate regulations reviewed under paragraph (1) unless the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council determines on a casebycase basis that there is a specific reason not to eliminate the regulation. (d) REPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council shall submit to the committees listed in paragraph (2) a report on the results of the reviews under this section. (2) COMMITTEES LISTED .—The committees listed in this paragraph are the following: (A) The Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. (B) The Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives. Subtitle E—Industrial Base Matters 
SEC. 841. REPORT ON LIMITED SOURCING OF SPECIFIC COMPONENTS FOR NAVAL VESSELS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that provides, for the components described in subsection (b), a market survey, a cost assessment, national security considerations, and a recommendation regarding whether competition for the procurement of the components should be limited to sources in the national technology and industrial base (as defined in section 2500 of title 10, United States Code). (b) COMPONENTS .—The components described in this subsection are the following: (1) Naval vessel components listed in section 2534(a)(3) of title 10, United States Code. (2) The following components for auxiliary ships: (A) Auxiliary equipment, including pumps. (B) Propulsion system components, including engines, reduction gears, and propellers. (C) Shipboard cranes. (D) Spreaders for shipboard cranes. 
SEC. 842. REMOVAL OF NATIONAL INTEREST DETERMINATION REQUIREMENTS FOR CERTAIN ENTITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Effective October 1, 2020, a covered NTIB entity operating under a special security agreement pursuant to the National Industrial Security Program shall not be required to obtain a national interest determination as a condition for access to proscribed information. (b) ACCELERATION AUTHORIZED .—Notwith standing the effective date of this section, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of the Information Security Oversight Office, may waive the requirement to obtain a national interest determination for a covered NTIB entity operating under such a special security agreement that has— (1) a demonstrated successful record of compliance with the National Industrial Security Program; and (2) previously been approved for access to proscribed information. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) COVERED NTIB ENTITY .—The term ‘‘covered NTIB entity’’ means a person that is a subsidiary located in the United States— (A) for which the ultimate parent company and any intermediate parent companies of such subsidiary are located in a country that is part of the national technology and industrial base (as defined in section 2500 of title 10, United States Code); and (B) that is subject to the foreign ownership, control, or influence requirements of the National Industrial Security Program. (2) PROSCRIBED INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘proscribed information’’ means information that is— (A) classified at the level of top secret; (B) communications security information (excluding controlled cryptographic items when unkeyed or utilized with unclassified keys); (C) restricted data (as defined in section 11 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2014)); (D) special access program information under section 4.3 of Executive Order No. 13526 (75 Fed. Reg. 707; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note) or successor order; or (E) designated as sensitive compartmented information. 
SEC. 843. PILOT PROGRAM TO TEST MACHINEVISION TECHNOLOGIES TO DETERMINE THE AUTHENTICITY AND SECURITY OF MICROELECTRONIC PARTS IN WEAPON SYSTEMS. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Un dersecretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in coordination with the Defense Microelectronics Activity, shall establish a pilot program to test the feasibility and reliability of using machinevision technologies to determine the authenticity and security of microelectronic parts in weapon systems. (b) OBJECTIVES OF PILOT PROGRAM .—The Un dersecretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in coordination with the Defense Microelectronics Activity, shall design any pilot program conducted under this section to determine the following: (1) The effectiveness and technology readiness level of machinevision technologies to determine the authenticity of microelectronic parts at the time of the creation of such part through final insertion of such part into weapon systems. (2) The best method of incorporating machine vision technologies into the process of developing, transporting, and inserting microelectronics into weapon systems. (3) The rules, regulations, or processes that hinder the development and incorporation of machinevision technologies, and the application of such rules, regulations, or processes to mitigate counterfeit microelectronics proliferation throughout the Department of Defense. (c) CONSULTATION .—To develop the pilot program under this section, the Undersecretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in coordination with the Defense Microelectronics Activity, may consult with the following entities: (1) Manufacturers of semiconductors or electronics. (2) Industry associations relating to semiconductors or electronics. (3) Original equipment manufacturers of products for the Department of Defense. (4) Nontraditional defense contractors (as defined in section 2302(9) of title 10, United States Code) that are machine vision companies. (5) Federal laboratories (as defined in section 2500(5) of title 10, United States Code). (6) Other elements of the Department of Defense that fall under the authority of the Undersecretary of Defense for Research and Engineering. (d) COMMENCEMENT AND DURATION .—The pilot program established under this section shall be established not later than April 1, 2019, and all activities under such pilot program shall terminate not later than December 31, 2020. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2534 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(k) LIMITATION ON CERTAIN PROCUREMENTS  APPLICATION PROCESS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall administer a process to analyze and assess potential items for consideration to be required to be procured from a manufacturer that is part of the national technology and industrial base. ‘‘(2) ELEMENTS .—The application process required under paragraph (1) shall include the following elements: ‘‘(A) The Secretary shall designate an official within the Office of the Secretary of Defense responsible for administration of the limitation on certain procurements application process and associated policy. ‘‘(B) A person or organization that meets the definition of national technology and industrial base under section 2500(1) of this title shall have the opportunity to apply for status as an item required to be procured from a manufacturer that is part of the national technology and industrial base. The application shall include, at a minimum, the following information: ‘‘(i) Information demonstrating the applicant meets the criteria of a manufacturer in the national technology and industrial base under section 2500(1) of this title. ‘‘(ii) For each item the applicant seeks to be required to be procured from a manufacturer that is part of the national technology and industrial base, the applicant shall include the following information: ‘‘(I) The extent to which such item has commercial applications. ‘‘(II) The number of such items to be procured by current programs of record. ‘‘(III) The criticality of such item to a military unit’s mission accomplishment. ‘‘(IV) The estimated cost and other considerations of reconstituting the manufacturing capability of such item, if not maintained in the national technology and industrial base. ‘‘(V) National security regulations or restrictions imposed on such item that may not be imposed on a nonnational technology and industrial base competitor. ‘‘(VI) Nonnational securityrelated Federal, State, and local government regulations imposed on such item that may not be imposed on a non national technology and industrial base competitor. ‘‘(VII) The extent to which such item is fielded in current programs of record. ‘‘(VIII) The extent to which cost and pricing data for such item has been deemed fair and reasonable. ‘‘(3) CONSIDERATION OF APPLICATIONS .— ‘‘(A) RESPONSIBILITY OF DESIGNATED OFFI CIAL.—The official designated pursuant to paragraph (2)(A) shall be responsible for providing complete applications submitted pursuant to this subsection to the appropriate component acquisition executive for consideration not later than 15 days after receipt of such application. ‘‘(B) REVIEW .—Not later than 120 days after receiving a complete application, the component acquisition executive shall review such application, make a determination, and return the application to the official designated pursuant to paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(C) ELEMENTS OF DETERMINATION .—The de termination required under subparagraph (B) shall, for each item proposed pursuant to paragraph (2)(B)(ii)— ‘‘(i) recommend inclusion under this section; ‘‘(ii) recommend inclusion under this section with further modifications; or ‘‘(iii) not recommend inclusion under this section. ‘‘(D) JUSTIFICATION .—The determination required under subparagraph (B) shall also include the rationale and justification for the determination. ‘‘(4) RECOMMENDATIONS FOR LEGISLATION .— For applications recommended under subsection (3), the official designated pursuant to paragraph (2)(A) shall be responsible for preparing a legislative proposal for consideration by the Secretary.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section and the amendments made by this section shall take effect one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 31, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation 
with the Executive Agent for Printed Circuit Board and Interconnect Technology and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall submit to Congress a report examining the health of the defense electronics industrial base, including analog and passive electronic parts, substrates, printed boards, assemblies, connectors, cabling, and related areas, both domestically and within the national technology and industrial base. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1) An examination of current and planned partnerships with the commercial industry. (2) Analysis of the current and future defense electronics industrial base. (3) Threat assessment related to system security. (4) An assessment of the health of the engineering and production workforce. (5) A description of the electronics supply chain requirements of defense systems integral to meeting the goals of the 2018 National Defense Strategy. (6) Recommended actions to address areas deemed deficient or vulnerable, and a plan to formalize longterm resourcing for the Executive Agent. (7) Any other areas matters determined relevant by the Secretary. 
SEC. 846. SUPPORT FOR DEFENSE MANUFACTURING COMMUNITIES TO SUPPORT THE DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASE. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may, in coordination with the Secretary of Commerce and working in coordination with the defense manufacturing institutes, establish within the Department of Defense a program to make longterm investments in critical skills, facilities, research and development, and small business support in order to strengthen the national security innovation base by designating and supporting consortiums as defense manufacturing communities. (2) DESIGNATION .—The program authorized by this section shall be known as the ‘‘Defense Manufacturing Community Support Program’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Program’’). (b) DESIGNATION OF DEFENSE MANUFACTURING  COMMUNITIES COMPLEMENTARY TO DEFENSE  MANUFACTURING INSTITUTES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may designate eligible consortiums as defense manufacturing communities through a competitive process, and in coordination with the defense manufacturing institutes. (2) ELIGIBLE CONSORTIUMS .—The Secretary may establish eligibility criteria for a consortium to participate in the Program. In developing such criteria, the Secretary may consider the merits of— (A) including members from academia, defense industry, commercial industry, and State and local government organizations; (B) supporting efforts in geographical regions that have capabilities in key technologies or industrial base supply chains that are determined critical to national security; (C) optimal consortium composition and size to promote effectiveness, collaboration, and efficiency; and (D) complementarity with defense manufacturing institutes. (3) DURATION .—Each designation under paragraph (1) shall be for a period of five years. (4) RENEWAL .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may renew a designation made under paragraph (1) for up to two additional twoyear periods. Any designation as a defense manufacturing community or renewal of such designation that is in effect before the date of the enactment of this Act shall count toward the limit set forth in this subparagraph. (B) EVALUATION FOR RENEWAL .—The Sec retary shall establish criteria for the renewal of a consortium. In establishing such criteria, the Secretary may consider— (i) the performance of the consortium in meeting the established goals of the Program; (ii) the progress the consortium has made with respect to projectspecific metrics, particularly with respect to those metrics that were designed to help communities track their own progress; (iii) whether any changes to the composition of the eligible consortium or revisions of the plan for the consortium would improve the capabilities of the defense industrial base; (iv) the effectiveness of coordination with defense manufacturing institutes; and (v) such other criteria as the Secretary considers appropriate. (5) APPLICATION FOR DESIGNATION .—An eligi ble consortium seeking a designation under paragraph (1) shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time and in such manner as the Secretary may require. In developing such procedures, the Secretary may consider the inclusion of— (A) a description of the regional boundaries of the consortium, and the defense manufacturing capacity of the region; (B) an evidencebased plan for enhancing the defense industrial base through the efforts of the consortium; (C) the investments the consortium proposes and the strategy of the consortium to address gaps in the defense industrial base; (D) a description of the outcomebased metrics, benchmarks, and milestones that will track and the evaluation methods that will be used to gauge performance of the consortium; (E) how the initiatives will complement defense manufacturing institutes; and (F) such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) FINANCIAL AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Under the Program, the Secretary of Defense may award financial or technical assistance to a member of a consortium designated as a defense manufacturing community under the Program as appropriate for purposes of the Program. (2) USE OF FUNDS .—A recipient of financial or technical assistance under the Program may use such financial or technical assistance to support an investment that will improve the defense industrial base. (3) INVESTMENTS SUPPORTED .—Investments supported under this subsection may include activities not already provided for by defense manufacturing institutes on— (A) equipment or facility upgrades; (B) workforce training, retraining, or recruitment and retention, including that of women and underrepresented minorities; (C) business incubators; (D) advanced research and commercialization, including with Federal laboratories and depots; (E) supply chain development; and (F) small business assistance. (d) RECEIPT OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS.—The Secretary of Defense may accept amounts transferred to the Secretary from the head of another agency or a State or local governmental organization to carry out this section. 
SEC. 847. LIMITATION ON PROCUREMENT OF CERTAIN ITEMS FOR T–AO–205 PROGRAM. 
Effective during fiscal year 2019, the Secretary of Defense may procure the following items for the T–AO–205 program only if the manufacturer of the item is in the United States: (1) Auxiliary equipment, including pumps, for all shipboard services. (2) Propulsion system components, including engines, reduction gears, and propellers. (3) Shipboard cranes. (4) Spreaders for shipboard cranes. Subtitle F—Small Business Matters 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 136 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2283. Department of Defense small business strategy ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall implement a small business strategy for the Department of Defense that meets the requirements of this section. ‘‘(b) UNIFIED MANAGEMENT STRUCTURE .—As part of the small business strategy described in subsection (a), the Secretary shall ensure that there is a unified management structure within the Department for the functions of the Department relating to— ‘‘(1) programs and activities related to small business concerns (as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act); ‘‘(2) manufacturing and industrial base policy; and ‘‘(3) any procurement technical assistance program established under chapter 142 of this title. ‘‘(c) PURPOSE OF SMALL BUSINESS PROGRAMS .—The Secretary shall ensure that programs and activities of the Department of Defense related to small business concerns are carried out so as to further national defense programs and priorities and the statements of purpose for Department of Defense acquisition set forth in section 801 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1449). ‘‘(d) POINTS OF ENTRY INTO DEFENSE MARKET.—The Secretary shall ensure— ‘‘(1) that opportunities for small business concerns to contract with the Department of Defense are identified clearly; and ‘‘(2) that small business concerns are able to have access to program managers, contracting officers, and other persons using the products or services of such concern to the extent necessary to inform such persons of emerging and existing capabilities of such concerns. ‘‘(e) ENHANCED OUTREACH UNDER PROCURE MENT TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE PROGRAM MARKET.—The Secretary shall enable and promote activities to provide coordinated outreach to small business concerns through any procurement technical assistance program established under chapter 142 of this title to facilitate small business contracting with the Department of Defense.’’. (b) IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) DEADLINE .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop the small business strategy required by section 2283 of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) NOTICE TO CONGRESS AND PUBLICATION .— Upon completion of the development of the small business strategy pursuant to paragraph (1), the Secretary shall— (A) transmit the strategy to Congress; and (B) publish the strategy on a public website of the Department of Defense. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘2283. Department of Defense small business strategy.’’. 
Section 2307(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (2) by striking ‘‘The head of any agency may—’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) The head of any agency may’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2)(A) For a prime contractor (as defined in section 8701 of title 41) that is a small business concern (as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)), the Secretary of Defense shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, establish an accelerated payment date with a goal of 15 days after receipt of a proper invoice for the amount due if a specific payment date is not established by contract. 
‘‘(B) For a prime contractor that subcontracts with a small business concern, the Secretary of Defense shall, to the fullest extent permitted by law, establish an accelerated payment date with a goal of 15 days after receipt of a proper invoice for the amount due if— ‘‘(i) a specific payment date is not established by contract; and ‘‘(ii) the prime contractor agrees to make payments to the subcontractor in accordance with the accelerated payment date, to the maximum extent practicable, without any further consideration from or fees charged to the subcontractor.’’. 
SEC. 853. INCREASED PARTICIPATION IN THE SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION MICROLOAN PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘intermediary’’ has the meaning given that term in section 7(m)(11) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(11)). (2) The term ‘‘microloan program’’ means the program established under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)). (b) MICROLOAN INTERMEDIARY LENDING LIMIT INCREASED .—Section 7(m)(3)(C) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)(3)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,000,000’’. (c) SBA STUDY OF MICROENTERPRISE PARTICI PATION .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this section, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall conduct a study and submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report on— (1) the operations (including services provided, structure, size, and area of operation) of a representative sample of— (A) intermediaries that are eligible to participate in the microloan program and that do participate; and (B) intermediaries that are eligible to participate in the microloan program and that do not participate; (2) the reasons why eligible intermediaries described in paragraph (1)(B) choose not to participate in the microloan program; (3) recommendations on how to encourage increased participation in the microloan program by eligible intermediaries described in paragraph (1)(B); and (4) recommendations on how to decrease the costs associated with participation in the microloan program for eligible intermediaries. (d) GAO STUDY ON MICROLOAN INTERMEDIARY  PRACTICES .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this section, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report evaluating— (1) oversight of the microloan program by the Small Business Administration, including oversight of intermediaries participating in the microloan program; and (2) the specific processes used by the Small Business Administration to ensure— (A) compliance by intermediaries participating in the microloan program; and (B) the overall performance of the microloan program. 
SEC. 854. AMENDMENTS TO SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH PROGRAM AND SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION OF PILOT PROGRAMS .—Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (cc), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; (2) in subsection (gg)(7), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; (3) in subsection (jj)— (A) in paragraph (4)(A), by striking ‘‘3’’ and inserting ‘‘4’’; and (B) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; (4) in subsection (mm)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2017’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; (ii) in subparagraph (I), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (J), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(K) funding for improvements that increase commonality across data systems, reduce redundancy, and improve data oversight and accuracy.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(tt) OUTSTANDING REPORTS AND EVALUA TIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than March 30, 2019, the Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate, the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives— ‘‘(A) each report, evaluation, or analysis, as applicable, described in subsection (b)(7), (g)(9), (o)(10), (y)(6)(C), (gg)(6), (jj)(6), and (mm)(6); and ‘‘(B) metrics regarding, and an evaluation of, the authority provided to the National Institutes of Health, the Department of Defense, and the Department of Education under subsection (cc). ‘‘(2) INFORMATION REQUIRED .—Not later than December 31, 2018, the head of each agency that is responsible for carrying out a provision described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (1) shall submit to the Administrator any information that is necessary for the Administrator to carry out the responsibilities of the Administrator under that paragraph.’’. (b) ACCELERATING SBIR ANDSTTR A WARDS .— Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended— (1) in subsection (hh)— (A) by striking ‘‘Federal agencies’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Federal agencies’’; (B) in paragraph (1), as so designated, by striking ‘‘attempt to’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) PILOT PROGRAM TO ACCELERATE DEPART MENT OF DEFENSE SBIR AND STTR AWARDS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, acting through the Director of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy of the Department of Defense, shall establish a pilot program to reduce the time for awards under the SBIR and STTR programs of the Department of Defense, under which the Department of Defense shall— ‘‘(i) develop simplified and standardized procedures and model contracts throughout the Department of Defense for Phase I, Phase II, and Phase III SBIR awards; ‘‘(ii) for Phase I SBIR and STTR awards, reduce the amount of time between solicitation closure and award; ‘‘(iii) for Phase II SBIR and STTR awards, reduce the amount of time between the end of a Phase I award and the start of the Phase II award; ‘‘(iv) for Phase II SBIR and STTR awards that skip Phase I, reduce the amount of time between solicitation closure and award; ‘‘(v) for sequential Phase II SBIR and STTR awards, reduce the amount of time between Phase II awards; and ‘‘(vi) reduce the award times described in clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), and (v) to be as close to 90 days as possible. ‘‘(B) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out the pilot program under subparagraph (A), the Director of Defense Procurement and Acquisition Policy of the Department of Defense shall consult with the Director of the Office of Small Business Programs of the Department of Defense. ‘‘(C) TERMINATION .—The pilot program under subparagraph (A) shall terminate on September 30, 2022.’’; and (2) in subsection (ii)— (A) by striking ‘‘Federal agencies’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Federal agencies’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORTS .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives— ‘‘(A) not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this paragraph, and every year thereafter for 3 years, a report that— ‘‘(i) provides the average and median amount of time that each component of the Department of Defense with an SBIR or STTR program takes to review and make a final decision on proposals submitted under the program; and ‘‘(ii) compares that average and median amount of time with that of other Federal agencies participating in the SBIR or STTR program; and ‘‘(B) not later than December 5, 2021, a report that— ‘‘(i) includes the information described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(ii) assesses where each Federal agency participating in the SBIR or STTR program needs improvement with respect to the proposal review and award times under the program; ‘‘(iii) identifies best practices for shortening the proposal review and award times under the SBIR and STTR programs, including the pros and cons of using contracts compared to grants; and ‘‘(iv) analyzes the efficacy of the pilot program established under subsection (hh)(2).’’. (c) IMPROVEMENTS TO TECHNICAL AND BUSINESS ASSISTANCE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 9(q) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(q)) is amended— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘
ANDBUSINESS ’’ after ‘‘T ECHNICAL ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘a vendor selected under paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘1 or more vendors selected under paragraph (2)(A)’’; (II) by inserting ‘‘and business’’ before ‘‘assistance services’’; and (III) by inserting ‘‘assistance with product sales, intellectual property protections, market research, market validation, and development of regulatory plans and manufacturing plans,’’ after ‘‘technologies,’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (D), by inserting ‘‘, including intellectual property protections’’ before the period at the end; (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Each agency may select a vendor to assist small business concerns to meet’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Each agency may select 1 or more vendors from which small business concerns may obtain assistance in meeting’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) SELECTION BY SMALL BUSINESS CON CERN.—A small business concern may, by contract or otherwise, select 1 or more vendors to assist the small business concern in meeting the goals listed in paragraph (1).’’; and (D) in paragraph (3)— (i) by inserting ‘‘(A)’’ after ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ each place that term appears; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘$5,000 per year’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘$6,500 per year’’; 
(iii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by striking ‘‘$5,000 per year’’ each place that term appears and inserting ‘‘$50,000 per project’’; and (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘which shall be in addition to the amount of the recipient’s award’’ and inserting ‘‘which may, as determined appropriate by the head of the Federal agency, be included as part of the recipient’s award or be in addition to the amount of the recipient’s award’’; (iv) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by inserting ‘‘or business’’ after ‘‘technical’’; (II) by striking ‘‘the vendor’’ and inserting ‘‘a vendor’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Businessrelated services aimed at improving the commercialization success of a small business concern may be obtained from an entity, such as a public or private organization or an agency of or other entity established or funded by a State that facilitates or accelerates the commercialization of technologies or assists in the creation and growth of private enterprises that are commercializing technology.’’; (v) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by inserting ‘‘or business’’ after ‘‘technical’’ each place that term appears; and (II) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘the vendor’’ and inserting ‘‘1 or more vendors’’; and (vi) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) MULTIPLE AWARD RECIPIENTS .—The Ad ministrator shall establish a limit on the amount of technical and business assistance services that may be received or purchased under subparagraph (B) by a small business concern that has received multiple Phase II SBIR or STTR awards for a fiscal year.’’; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) ANNUAL REPORTING .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A small business concern that receives technical or business assistance from a vendor under this subsection during a fiscal year shall submit to the Federal agency contracting with the vendor a description of the technical or business assistance provided and the benefits and results of the technical or business assistance provided. ‘‘(B) USE OF EXISTING REPORTING MECHA NISM.—The information required under subparagraph (A) shall be collected by a Federal agency as part of a report required to be submitted by small business concerns engaged in SBIR or STTR projects of the Federal agency for which the requirement was in effect on the date of enactment of this paragraph.’’. (2) REVIEW .—Not later than the end of fiscal year 2019, the Administrator of the Small Business Administration shall— (A) conduct a survey of vendors providing technical or business assistance under section 9(q) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(q)), as amended by paragraph (1), and small business concerns receiving the technical or business assistance; and (B) submit to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report reviewing the efficacy of the provision of the technical or business assistance. 
Section 15 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(w) SOLICITATION NOTICE REGARDING ADMINISTRATION OF CHANGE ORDERS FOR CONSTRUC TION.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—With respect to any solicitation for the award of a contract for construction anticipated to be awarded to a small business concern, the agency administering such contract shall provide a notice along with the solicitation to prospective bidders and offerors that includes— ‘‘(A) information about the agency’s policies or practices in complying with the requirements of the Federal Acquisition Regulation relating to the timely definitization of requests for an equitable adjustment; and ‘‘(B) information about the agency’s past performance in definitizing requests for equitable adjustments in accordance with paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS FOR AGENCIES .—An agen cy shall provide the past performance information described under paragraph (1)(B) as follows: ‘‘(A) For the 3year period preceding the issuance of the notice, to the extent such information is available. ‘‘(B) With respect to an agency that, on the date of the enactment of this subsection, has not compiled the information described under paragraph (1)(B)— ‘‘(i) beginning 1 year after the date of the enactment of this subsection, for the 1year period preceding the issuance of the notice; ‘‘(ii) beginning 2 years after the date of the enactment of this subsection, for the 2year period preceding the issuance of the notice; and ‘‘(iii) beginning 3 years after the date of the enactment of this subsection and each year thereafter, for the 3year period preceding the issuance of the notice. ‘‘(3) FORMAT OF PAST PERFORMANCE INFORMA TION.—In the notice required under paragraph (1), the agency shall ensure that the past performance information described under paragraph (1)(B) is set forth separately for each definitization action that was completed during the following periods: ‘‘(A) Not more than 30 days after receipt of a request for an equitable adjustment. ‘‘(B) Not more than 60 days after receipt of a request for an equitable adjustment. ‘‘(C) Not more than 90 days after receipt of a request for an equitable adjustment. ‘‘(D) Not more than 180 days after receipt of a request for an equitable adjustment. ‘‘(E) Not more than 365 days after receipt of a request for an equitable adjustment. ‘‘(F) More than 365 days after receipt of a request for an equitable adjustment. ‘‘(G) After the completion of the performance of the contract through a contract modification addressing all undefinitized requests for an equitable adjustment received during the term of the contract.’’. 
SEC. 856. COMPTROLLER GENERAL STUDY OF IMPACT OF BROADBAND SPEED AND PRICE ON SMALL BUSINESSES. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—Subject to appropriations, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study evaluating the impact of broadband speed and price on small business concerns (as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)). (b) REPORT .—Not later than three years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives a report on the results of the study under subsection (a), including— (1) a survey of broadband speeds available to small business concerns; (2) a survey of the cost of broadband speeds available to small business concerns; (3) a survey of the type of broadband technology used by small business concerns; and (4) any policy recommendations that may improve the access of small business concerns to comparable broadband services at comparable rates in all regions of the United States. 
SEC. 857. CONSOLIDATED BUDGET DISPLAY FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SMALL BUSINESS INNOVATION RESEARCH PROGRAM AND SMALL BUSINESS TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER PROGRAM. 
(a) B UDGET DISPLAY SUBMISSION .—The Sec retary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall include in the materials submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense in support of the budget of the President for each fiscal year (as submitted to Congress under section 1105 of title 31, United States Code), a budget display for the funds assessed for the Small Business Innovation Research Program or the Small Business Technology Transfer Program (as such terms are defined, respectively, in section 9(e) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638(e))) of the Department of Defense during the previous fiscal year. (b) BUDGET DISPLAY REQUIREMENTS .—The budget display under subsection (a) shall include— (1) for funds assessed, the amount obligated and expended, by appropriation and functional area, for the Small Business Innovation Research Program or the Small Business Technology Transfer Program; (2) information, by military department and other awarding organizations, on Phase I, II, and III awards; (3) to the extent practicable, specific processes, products, technologies, or services that were transitioned to acquisition programs of record, or other followon contracts; and (4) an estimate of the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program funding to be assessed during the period covered by the current futureyears defense program (as defined under section 221 of title 10, United States Code). (c) FIRST SUBMISSION .—The first budget display under subsection (a) shall be included with the budget for the President for fiscal year 2020. (d) CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES .—The budget display under subsection (a) shall be submitted to the congressional defense committees, with copies provided to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives. (e) TERMINATION .—The requirements of this section shall terminate on December 31, 2022. (f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to modify or otherwise affect the requirement to expend amounts for the Small Business Innovation Research Program and the Small Business Technology Transfer Program of the Department of Defense under subsections (f) and (n) of section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638). 
(a) A MOUNT OF ASSISTANCE FROM SECRETARY .—Section 2413(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘not more than 65 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘not more than 75 percent’’; and (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘more than 65 percent, but not more than 75 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘more than 75 percent, but not more than 85 percent’’. (b) FUNDING FOR ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—Section 2414(a) of such title is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘$750,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘$450,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$750,000’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘$300,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$450,000’’; and (4) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘$750,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000’’. 
SEC. 859. AUTHORIZATION FOR PAYMENT OF CERTAIN COSTS RELATING TO PROCUREMENT TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE CENTERS. 
TOMEETINGS OF ELIGIBLE ENTITIES .—Section 2417 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the heading, by inserting ‘‘ and other’’ after ‘‘Administrative’’; (2) by striking ‘‘chapter, an amount’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter— ‘‘(1) an amount’’; 
(3) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) an amount determined appropriate by the Director to assist eligible entities in payment of costs of eligible entities — ‘‘(A) for meetings to discuss best practices for the improvement of the operations of procurement technical assistance centers; and ‘‘(B) for membership dues for any association of such centers created by eligible entities, training fees and associated travel for training to carry out the purposes of this chapter, and voluntary participation on any committees or board of such an association.’’. (b) BRIEFING .—Not later than six months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency shall brief the congressional defense committees on the recognition or lack of recognition by the Department of Defense of procurement technical assistance center associations and the rationale for the recognition or lack of recognition, including a discussion of whether the Department needs authority to recognize such associations. 
Section 9 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 638) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(uu) COMMERCIALIZATION ASSISTANCE PILOT PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) PILOT PROGRAMS IMPLEMENTED .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this subsection, a covered agency shall implement a commercialization assistance pilot program, under which an eligible entity may receive a subsequent Phase II SBIR award. ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION .—If the Administrator determines that a covered agency has a program that is sufficiently similar to the commercialization assistance pilot program established under this subsection, such covered agency shall not be required to implement a commercialization assistance pilot program under this subsection. ‘‘(2) PERCENT OF AGENCY FUNDS .—The head of each covered agency may allocate not more than 5 percent of the funds allocated to the SBIR program of the covered agency for the purpose of making a subsequent Phase II SBIR award under the commercialization assistance pilot program. ‘‘(3) TERMINATION .—A commercialization assistance pilot program established under this subsection shall terminate on September 30, 2022. ‘‘(4) APPLICATION .—To be selected to receive a subsequent Phase II SBIR award under a commercialization assistance pilot program, an eligible entity shall submit to the covered agency implementing such pilot program an application at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the covered agency may require, including— ‘‘(A) an updated Phase II commercialization plan; and ‘‘(B) the source and amount of the matching funding required under paragraph (5). ‘‘(5) MATCHING FUNDING .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator shall require, as a condition of any subsequent Phase II SBIR award made to an eligible entity under this subsection, that a matching amount (excluding any fees collected by the eligible entity receiving such award) equal to the amount of such award be provided from an eligible third party investor. ‘‘(B) INELIGIBLE SOURCES .—An eligible entity may not use funding from ineligible sources to meet the matching requirement of subparagraph (A). ‘‘(6) AWARD .—A subsequent Phase II SBIR award made to an eligible entity under this subsection— ‘‘(A) may not exceed the limitation described under subsection (aa)(1); and ‘‘(B) shall be disbursed during Phase II. ‘‘(7) USE OF FUNDS .—The funds awarded to an eligible entity under this subsection may only be used for research and development activities that build on eligible entity’s Phase II program and ensure the research funded under such Phase II is rapidly progressing towards commercialization. ‘‘(8) SELECTION .—In selecting eligible entities to participate in a commercialization assistance pilot program under this subsection, the head of a covered agency shall consider— ‘‘(A) the extent to which such award could aid the eligible entity in commercializing the research funded under the eligible entity’s Phase II program; ‘‘(B) whether the updated Phase II commercialization plan submitted under paragraph (4) provides a sound approach for establishing technical feasibility that could lead to commercialization of such research; ‘‘(C) whether the proposed activities to be conducted under such updated Phase II commercialization plan further improve the likelihood that such research will provide societal benefits; ‘‘(D) whether the small business concern has progressed satisfactorily in Phase II to justify receipt of a subsequent Phase II SBIR award; ‘‘(E) the expectations of the eligible third party investor that provides matching funding under paragraph (5); and ‘‘(F) the likelihood that the proposed activities to be conducted under such updated Phase II commercialization plan using matching funding provided by such eligible thirdparty investor will lead to commercial and societal benefit. ‘‘(9) EVALUATION REPORT .—Not later than 6 years after the date of the enactment of this subsection, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate, a report including— ‘‘(A) a summary of the activities of commercialization assistance pilot programs carried out under this subsection; ‘‘(B) a detailed compilation of results achieved by such commercialization assistance pilot programs, including the number of eligible entities that received awards under such programs; ‘‘(C) the rate at which each eligible entity that received a subsequent Phase II SBIR award under this subsection commercialized research of the recipient; ‘‘(D) the growth in employment and revenue of eligible entities that is attributable to participation in a commercialization assistance pilot program; ‘‘(E) a comparison of commercialization success of eligible entities participating in a commercialization assistance pilot program with recipients of an additional Phase II SBIR award under subsection (ff); ‘‘(F) demographic information, such as ethnicity and geographic location, of eligible entities participating in a commercialization assistance pilot program; ‘‘(G) an accounting of the funds used at each covered agency that implements a commercialization assistance pilot program under this subsection; ‘‘(H) the amount of matching funding provided by eligible thirdparty investors, set forth separately by source of funding; ‘‘(I) an analysis of the effectiveness of the commercialization assistance pilot program implemented by each covered agency; and ‘‘(J) recommendations for improvements to the commercialization assistance pilot program. ‘‘(10) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection: ‘‘(A) COVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘covered agency’ means a Federal agency required to have an SBIR program. ‘‘(B) ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘eligible entity’ means a small business concern that has received a Phase II award under an SBIR program and an additional Phase II SBIR award under subsection (ff) from the covered agency to which such small business concern is applying for a subsequent Phase II SBIR award. ‘‘(C) ELIGIBLE THIRD PARTY INVESTOR .—The term ‘eligible thirdparty investor’ means a small business concern other than an eligible entity, a venture capital firm, an individual investor, a nonSBIR Federal, State or local government, or any combination thereof. ‘‘(D) INELIGIBLE SOURCES .—The term ‘ineligible sources’ means the following: ‘‘(i) The eligible entity’s internal research and development funds. ‘‘(ii) Funding in forms other than cash, such as inkind or other intangible assets. ‘‘(iii) Funding from the owners of the eligible entity, or the family members or affiliates of such owners. ‘‘(iv) Funding attained through loans or other forms of debt obligations. ‘‘(E) SUBSEQUENT PHASE II SBIR AWARD .—The term ‘subsequent Phase II SBIR award’ means an award granted to an eligible entity under this subsection to carry out further commercialization activities for research conducted pursuant to an SBIR program.’’. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PUERTO RICOBUSINESS .— Section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(ee) PUERTO RICOBUSINESS .—In this Act, the term ‘Puerto Rico business’ means a small business concern that has its principal office located in the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico.’’. (b) SMALL BUSINESS CREDIT FOR PUERTO RICO BUSINESSES .—Section 15 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 644) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(x) SMALL BUSINESS CREDIT FOR PUERTO  RICOBUSINESSES .— ‘‘(1) CREDIT FOR MEETING CONTRACTING  
GOALS .—If an agency awards a prime contract to Puerto Rico business during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this subsection and ending on the date that is 4 years after such date of enactment, the value of the contract shall be doubled for purposes of determining compliance with the goals for procurement contracts under subsection (g)(1)(A)(i) during such period. ‘‘(2) REPORT .—Along with the report required under subsection (h)(1), the head of each Federal agency shall submit to the Administrator, and make publicly available on the scorecard described in section 868(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (15 U.S.C. 644 note), an analysis of the number and dollar amount of prime contracts awarded pursuant to paragraph (1) for each fiscal year of the period described in such paragraph.’’. (c) PRIORITY FOR SURPLUS PROPERTY TRANSFERS.—Section 7(j)(13)(F) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(j)(13)(F)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii)(I) In this clause, the term ‘covered period’ means the period beginning on the date of enactment of this clause and ending on the date on which the Oversight Board established under section 101 of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (48 U.S.C. 2121) terminates. ‘‘(II) The Administrator may transfer technology or surplus property under clause (i) to a Puerto Rico business if the Puerto Rico business meets the requirements for such a transfer, without regard to whether the Puerto Rico business is a Program Participant.’’. (d) CONTRACTING INCENTIVES FOR PROTEGE  FIRMS THATAREPUERTO RICOBUSINESSES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 45(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657r(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) PUERTO RICO BUSINESSES .—During the period beginning on the date of enactment of 
this paragraph and ending on the date on which the Oversight Board established under section 101 of the Puerto Rico Oversight, Management, and Economic Stability Act (48 U.S.C. 2121) terminates, the Administrator shall identify potential incentives to a covered mentor that awards a subcontract to its covered protege, including— ‘‘(A) positive consideration in any past performance evaluation of the covered mentor; and ‘‘(B) the application of costs incurred for providing training to such covered protege to the subcontracting plan (as required under paragraph (4) or (5) of section 8(d)) of the covered mentor.’’. (2) DEFINITIONS .—Section 45(d) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657r(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) COVERED MENTOR .—The term ‘covered mentor’ means a mentor that enters into an agreement under this Act, or under any mentor protege program approved under subsection (b)(1), with a covered protege. ‘‘(5) COVERED PROTEGE .—The term ‘covered protege’ means a protege of a covered mentor that is a Puerto Rico business.’’. (e) ADDITIONAL MENTOR PROTEGE RELATION SHIPS FOR PROTEGE FIRMS THATAREPUERTO  RICOBUSINESSES .—Section 45(b)(3)(A) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657r(b)(3)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, except that such restrictions shall not apply to up to 2 mentorprotege relationships if such relationships are between a covered protege and covered mentor’’ after ‘‘each participant’’. 
SEC. 862. OPPORTUNITIES FOR EMPLOYEE OWNED BUSINESS CONCERNS THROUGH SMALL BUSINESS ADMINISTRATION LOAN PROGRAMS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this Act— (1) the terms ‘‘Administration’’ and ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Small Business Administration and the Administrator thereof, respectively; (2) the term ‘‘cooperative’’ means an entity that is determined to be a cooperative by the Administrator, in accordance with applicable Federal and State laws and regulations; (3) the term ‘‘employeeowned business concern’’ means— (A) a cooperative; and (B) a qualified employee trust; (4) the terms ‘‘qualified employee trust’’ and ‘‘small business concern’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632); and (5) the term ‘‘small business development center’’ means a small business development center described in section 21 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648). (b) EXPANSION OF 7(A) LOANS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (15)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘this subsection to qualified employee trusts’’ and inserting ‘‘this subsection— ‘‘(i) to qualified employee trusts’’; (II) in clause (i), as so designated— (aa) by inserting ‘‘, and for any transaction costs associated with purchasing,’’ after ‘‘purchasing’’; (bb) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) to a small business concern under a plan approved by the Administrator, if the proceeds from the loan are only used to make a loan to a qualified employee trust, and for any transaction costs associated with making that loan, that results in the qualified employee trust owning at least 51 percent of the small business concern.’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘or by the small business concern’’ after ‘‘the trustee of such trust’’; (II) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (III) in clause (iii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, and’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) with respect to a loan made to a trust, or to a cooperative in accordance with paragraph (35)— ‘‘(I) a seller of the small business concern may remain involved as an officer, director, or key employee of the small business concern when a qualified employee trust or cooperative has acquired 100 percent of ownership of the small business concern; and ‘‘(II) any seller of the small business concern who remains as an owner of the small business concern, regardless of the percentage of ownership interest, shall be required to provide a personal guarantee by the Administration.’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) A small business concern that makes a loan to a qualified employee trust under subparagraph (A)(ii) is not required to contain the same terms and conditions as the loan made to the small business concern that is guaranteed by the Administration under such subparagraph. ‘‘(G) With respect to a loan made to a qualified employee trust under this paragraph, or to a cooperative in accordance with paragraph (35), the Administrator may, as deemed appropriate, elect to not require any mandatory equity to be provided by the qualified employee trust or cooperative to make the loan.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(35) LOANS TO COOPERATIVES .— ‘‘(A) DEFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘cooperative’ means an entity that is determined to be a cooperative by the Administrator, in accordance with applicable Federal and State laws and regulation. ‘‘(B) AUTHORITY .—The Administration shall guarantee loans made to a cooperative for the purpose described in paragraph (15).’’. (2) DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY TO PREFERRED  
LENDERS .—Section 5(b)(7) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 634(b)(7)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, including loans guaranteed under paragraph (15) or (35) of section 7(a)’’ after ‘‘deferred participation loans’’. (c) SMALL BUSINESS INVESTMENT COMPANY  PROGRAM OUTREACH .—The Administrator shall provide outreach and educational materials to companies licensed under section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 681(c)) to increase the use of funds to make investments in company transitions to employee owned business concerns. (d) SMALL BUSINESS MICROLOAN PROGRAM  OUTREACH .—The Administrator shall provide outreach and educational materials to intermediaries under section 7(m) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(m)) to increase the use of funds to make loans to employeeowned business concerns, including transitions to employee owned business concerns. (e) SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTER  OUTREACH AND ASSISTANCE .— (1) ESTABLISHMENT .—The Administrator shall establish a Small Business Employee Ownership and Cooperatives Promotion Program to offer technical assistance and training on the transition to employee ownership through cooperatives and qualified employee trusts. (2) SMALL BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT CENTERS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—In carrying out the program established under subsection (a), the Administrator shall enter into agreements with small business development centers under which the centers shall— (i) provide access to information and resources on employee ownership through cooperatives or qualified employee trusts as a business succession strategy; (ii) conduct training and educational activities; and (iii) carry out the activities described in subparagraph (U) of section 21(c)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)). (B) ADDITIONAL SERVICES .—Section 21(c)(3) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 648(c)(3)) is amended— (i) in subparagraph (S), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (T), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(U) encouraging and assisting the provision of succession planning to small business concerns with a focus on transitioning to cooperatives, as defined in section 7(a)(35), and qualified employee trusts (collectively referred to in this subparagraph as ‘employeeowned business concerns’), including by— ‘‘(i) providing training to individuals to promote the successful management, governance, or operation of a business purchased by those individuals in the formation of an employeeowned business concern; ‘‘(ii) assisting employeeowned business concerns that meet applicable size standards established under section 3(a) with education and technical assistance with respect to financing and contracting programs administered by the Administration; ‘‘(iii) coordinating with lenders on conducting outreach on financing through programs administered by the Administration that may be used to support the transition of ownership to employees; ‘‘(iv) supporting small business concerns in exploring or assessing the possibility of transitioning to an employeeowned business concern; and ‘‘(v) coordinating with the cooperative development centers of the Department of Agriculture, the land grant extension network, the Manufacturing Extension Partnership, community development financial institutions, employee ownership associations and service providers, and local, regional and national cooperative associations.’’. (f) AMENDMENT TO REPORT TO CONGRESS ON  STATUS OF EMPLOYEE OWNED FIRMS.—Section 7(a)(15)(E) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)(15)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘Administration.’’ and inserting ‘‘Administration, which shall include— ‘‘(i) the total number of loans made to employeeowned business concerns that were guaranteed by the Administrator under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)) or section 502 of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696), including the number of loans made— ‘‘(I) to small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals; and ‘‘(II) to cooperatives; ‘‘(ii) the total number of financings made to employeeowned business concerns by companies licensed under section 301(c) of the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 696(c)), including the number of financings made— ‘‘(I) to small business concerns owned and controlled by socially and economically disadvantaged individuals; and ‘‘(II) to cooperatives; and ‘‘(iii) any outreach and educational activities conducted by the Administration with respect to employeeowned business concerns.’’. (g) REPORT ON COOPERATIVE LENDING .— (1) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that cooperatives have a unique business structure and are unable to access the lending programs of the Administration effectively due to loan guarantee requirements that are incompatible with the business structure of cooperatives. (2) STUDY AND REPORT .— (A) STUDY .—The Administrator, in coordination with lenders, stakeholders, and Federal agencies, shall study and recommend practical alternatives for cooperatives that will satisfy the loan guarantee requirements of the Administration. 
(B) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Congress the recommendations developed under paragraph (1) and a plan to implement such recommendations. (h) AMENDMENT TO DEFINITION OF QUALIFIED  EMPLOYEE TRUST.—Section 3(c)(2)(A)(ii) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632(c)(2)(A)(ii)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) which provides that each participant is entitled to direct the plan trustee as to the manner of how to vote the qualified employer securities (as defined in section 4975(e)(8) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), which are allocated to the account of such participant with respect to a corporate matter which (by law or charter) must be decided by a vote conducted in accordance with section 409(e) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and’’. Subtitle G—Provisions Related to Software and Technical Data Matters 
Section 2321(f) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), in’’ and inserting ‘‘In’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2). 
SEC. 866. CONTINUATION OF TECHNICAL DATA RIGHTS DURING CHALLENGES. 
(a) E XERCISE OF RIGHTS IN TECHNICAL DATA BEFORE FINAL DISPOSITION OF A CHALLENGE .— Section 2321(i) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘PRIOR TO AND ’’ after ‘‘R IGHTS AND LIABILITY ’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; and (3) by inserting before paragraph (2), as so redesignated, the following new paragraph: ‘‘(1) Upon filing of a suit or appeal under the contract dispute statute by a contractor or subcontractor in an agency Board of Contract Appeals or United States Claims Court related to a decision made by a contracting officer under subsection (g), the Secretary of Defense, or a Secretary of a military department for programs for which milestone decision authority has been delegated, on a nondelegable basis, may, following notice to the contractor or subcontractor, authorize use of the technical data in dispute if the Secretary determines in writing that compelling mission readiness requirements will not permit awaiting the final decision by the agency Board of Contract Appeals or the United States Claims Court.’’. (b) REVISION OF THE DEFENSE FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION SUPPLEMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall revise the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement, by interim or final rule, to implement the amendments made by subsection (a). (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) and the revision required by subsection (b) shall become effective on the date of publication of the interim or final rule (whichever is earlier) required by subsection (b) and shall apply to solicitations issued by Department of Defense contracting activities after that date unless the senior procurement executive of the agency concerned grants a waiver on a casebycase basis. (d) GUIDANCE ON TECHNICAL DATARIGHT NEGOTIATION .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop policies on the negotiation of technical data rights for noncommercial software that reflects the Department of Defense’s needs for technical data rights in the event of a protest or replacement of incumbent contractor to meet defense requirements in the most cost effective manner. 
SEC. 867. REQUIREMENT FOR NEGOTIATION OF TECHNICAL DATA PRICE BEFORE SUSTAINMENT OF MAJOR WEAPON SYSTEMS. 
Section 2439 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘, to the maximum extent practicable,’’ after ‘‘shall ensure’’; (2) by striking ‘‘or for the production of a major weapon system’’ and inserting ‘‘production of a major weapon system, or sustainment of a major weapon system’’; (3) by striking ‘‘or production’’ and inserting ‘‘, production, or sustainment’’; and (4) in the heading, by striking ‘‘ or produc tion’’ and inserting ‘‘, production, or sustainment’’. SEC. 868. IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS OF THE FINAL REPORT OF THE DEFENSE SCIENCE BOARD TASK FORCE ON THE DESIGN AND ACQUISITION OF SOFTWARE FOR DEFENSE SYSTEMS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION REQUIRED .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall, except as provided under subsection (b), commence implementation of each recommendation submitted as part of the final report of the Defense Science Board Task Force on the Design and Acquisition of Software for Defense Systems. (b) EXCEPTIONS .— (1) DELAYED IMPLEMENTATION .—The Sec retary of Defense may commence implementation of a recommendation described under subsection (a) later than the date required under such subsection if the Secretary provides the congressional defense committees with a specific justification for the delay in implementation of such recommendation. (2) NONIMPLEMENTATION .—The Secretary of Defense may opt not to implement a recommendation described under subsection (a) if the Secretary provides to the congressional defense committees— (A) the reasons for the decision not to implement the recommendation; and (B) a summary of the alternative actions the Secretary plans to take to address the purposes underlying the recommendation. (c) IMPLEMENTATION PLANS.—For each recommendation that the Secretary is implementing, or that the Secretary plans to implement, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees— (1) a summary of actions that have been taken to implement the recommendation; and (2) a schedule, with specific milestones, for completing the implementation of the recommendation. 
SEC. 869. IMPLEMENTATION OF PILOT PROGRAM TO USE AGILE OR ITERATIVE DEVELOPMENT METHODS REQUIRED UNDER SECTION 873 OF THE NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2018. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall include the following systems in the pilot program to use agile or iterative development methods pursuant to section 873 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2223a note): (1) Defense Retired and Annuitant Pay System 2 (DRAS2), Defense Logistics Agency. (2) Army Integrated Air and Missile Defense (AIAMD), Army. (3) Army Contract Writing System (ACWS), Army. (4) Defense Enterprise Accounting and Management System (DEAMS) Inc2, Air Force. (5) Item Master, Air Force. (b) ADDITIONS TO LIST.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall identify three additional systems for participation in the pilot program pursuant to section 873 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2223a note) and notify the congressional defense committees of the additions. (c) COMMUNITY OF PRACTICE ADVISING ON  AGILE OR ITERATIVE DEVELOPMENT .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall establish a Community of Practice on agile or iterative methods so that programs that have been incorporating agile or iterative methods can share with programs participating in the pilot the lessons learned, best practices, and recommendations for improvements to acquisition and supporting processes. The Service Acquisition Executives of the military departments shall send representation from the following programs, which have reported using agile or iterative methods: (1) Air and Space Operations Center (AOC). (2) Command Control Battle Management and Communications (C2BMC). (3) The family of Distributed Common Ground Systems. (4) The family of Global Command and Control Systems. (5) Navy Personnel and Pay (NP2). (6) Other programs and activities as appropriate. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall report to the congressional defense committees on the status of the pilot program and each system participating in the pilot. The report shall include the following elements: (1) A description of how cost and schedule estimates in support of the program are being conducted and using what methods. (2) The contracting strategy and types of contracts that will be used in executing the program. (3) A description of how intellectual property ownership issues associated with software applications developed with agile or iterative methods will be addressed to ensure future sustainment, maintenance, and upgrades to software applications after the applications are fielded. (4) A description of the tools and software applications that are expected to be developed for the program and the costs and cost categories associated with each. (5) A description of challenges the program has faced in realigning the program to use agile or iterative methods. (e) MODIFICATIONS TO PILOT PROGRAM SELECTION CRITERIA .—Section 873(a)(3)(B) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2223a note) is amended— (1) by inserting ‘‘or subsystems’’ after ‘‘In selecting systems’’; (2) in clause (i)(II), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) in clause (ii)(II), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘; or’’. 
SEC. 870. REPORT ON REQUIRING ACCESS TO DIGITAL TECHNICAL DATA IN FUTURE ACQUISITIONS OF COMBAT, COMBAT SERVICE, AND COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEMS. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the feasibility and advisability of requiring access to digital technical data in all future acquisitions by the Department of Defense of combat, combat service, and combat support systems, including frontend negotiations for such access. Such report shall include a digital data standard for technical data for use by equipment manufacturers and the Department with regard to threedimensional printed parts. Subtitle H—Other Matters 
SEC. 871. PROHIBITION ON ACQUISITION OF SENSITIVE MATERIALS FROM NONALLIED FOREIGN NATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter V of chapter 148 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2533b the following new section: ‘‘§ 2533c. Prohibition on acquisition of sensitive materials from nonallied foreign nations ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (c), the Secretary of Defense may not— 
‘‘(1) procure any covered material melted or produced in any covered nation, or any end item that contains a covered material manufactured in any covered nation, except as provided by subsection (c); or ‘‘(2) sell any covered material from the National Defense Stockpile, if the National Defense Stockpile Manager determines that such a sale is not in the national interests of the United States, to— ‘‘(A) any covered nation; or ‘‘(B) any third party that the Secretary reasonably believes is acting as a broker or agent for a covered nation or an entity in a covered nation. ‘‘(b) APPLICABILITY .—Subsection (a) shall apply to prime contracts and subcontracts at any tier. ‘‘(c) EXCEPTIONS .—Subsection (a) does not apply under the following circumstances: ‘‘(1) If the Secretary of Defense determines that covered materials of satisfactory quality and quantity, in the required form, cannot be procured as and when needed at a reasonable price. ‘‘(2) To the procurement of an end item described in subsection (a)(1) or the sale of any covered material described under subsection (a)(1) by the Secretary outside of the United States for use outside of the United States. ‘‘(3) To the purchase by the Secretary of an end item containing a covered material that is— ‘‘(A) a commercially available offtheshelf item (as defined in section 104 of title 41), other than— ‘‘(i) a commercially available offtheshelf item that is 50 percent or more tungsten by weight; or ‘‘(ii) a mill product, such as bar, billet, slab, wire, cube, sphere, block, blank, plate, or sheet, that has not been incorporated into an end item, subsystem, assembly, or component; ‘‘(B) an electronic device, unless the Secretary of Defense, upon the recommendation of the Strategic Materials Protection Board pursuant to section 187 of this title, determines that the domestic availability of a particular electronic device is critical to national security; or ‘‘(C) a neodymiumironboron magnet manufactured from recycled material if the milling of the recycled material and sintering of the final magnet takes place in the United States. ‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) COVERED MATERIAL .—The term ‘covered material’ means— ‘‘(A) samariumcobalt magnets; ‘‘(B) neodymiumironboron magnets; ‘‘(C) tungsten metal powder; and ‘‘(D) tungsten heavy alloy or any finished or semifinished component containing tungsten heavy alloy. ‘‘(2) COVERED NATION .—The term ‘covered nation’ means— ‘‘(A) the Democratic People’s Republic of North Korea; ‘‘(B) the People’s Republic of China; ‘‘(C) the Russian Federation; and ‘‘(D) the Islamic Republic of Iran. ‘‘(3) END ITEM .—The term ‘end item’ has the meaning given in section 2533b(m) of this title.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2533b the following item: ‘‘2533c. Prohibition on acquisition of sensitive materials from nonallied foreign nations.’’. 
SEC. 872. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON PROVIDING FUNDS TO THE ENEMY. 
Section 841(n) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 127 Stat. 3455; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. 
SEC. 873. DATA, POLICY, AND REPORTING ON THE USE OF OTHER TRANSACTIONS. 
(a) C OLLECTION AND STORAGE .—The Service Acquisition Executives of the military departments shall collect data on the use of other transactions by their respective departments, and the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall collect data on all other use by the Department of Defense of other transactions, including use by the Defense Agencies. The data shall be stored in a manner that allows the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and other appropriate officials access at any time. (b) USE OF DATA.—The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition shall analyze and leverage the data collected under subsection (a) to update policy and guidance related to the use of other transactions. (c) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than December 31, 2018, and each December 31 thereafter through December 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report covering the preceding fiscal year on the Department’s use of other transaction authority. Each report shall summarize and display the data collected under subsection (a) on the nature and extent of the use of the authority, including a summary and detail showing— (1) organizations involved, quantities, amounts of payments, and purpose, description, and status of projects; and (2) highlights of successes and challenges using the authority, including case examples. 
SEC. 874. STANDARDIZATION OF FORMATTING AND PUBLIC ACCESSIBILITY OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE REPORTS TO CONGRESS. 
(a) R EPORT FORMATTING PLAN REQUIRED .— Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a plan to the congressional defense committees on activities to standardize the formatting of unclassified Department of Defense reports required by Congress. Such plan shall include— (1) a description of the method for ensuring that reports are created in a platformindependent, machinereadable format that can be retrieved, downloaded, indexed, and searched by commonly used web search applications; and (2) a cost estimate and schedule for implementation of the activities under paragraph (1), with a completion date of not later than March 1, 2020. (b) ONLINE REPOSITORY PLANREQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on the feasibility of developing a publically accessible online repository of unclassified reports of the Department of Defense issued since January 1, 2010. Such briefing shall include— (1) protocols for inclusion of unclassified reports that, as determined by the Secretary, may not be appropriate for public release in their entirety; and (2) a cost estimate and schedule for implementation and maintenance of the online repository. 
SEC. 875. PROMOTION OF THE USE OF GOVERNMENTWIDE AND OTHER INTERAGENCY CONTRACTS. 
Section 865(b)(1) of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 31 U.S.C. 1535 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘that all interagency acquisitions—’’ and inserting ‘‘that—’’; (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) by inserting ‘‘all interagency assisted acquisitions’’ before ‘‘include’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (3) by striking subparagraph (B); and (4) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B), and in that subparagraph by inserting ‘‘all interagency assisted acquisitions’’ before ‘‘include’’. 
SEC. 876. INCREASING COMPETITION AT THE TASK ORDER LEVEL. 
Section 3306(c) of title 41, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘except as provided in paragraph (3),’’ in subparagraphs (B) and (C) after the subparagraph designation; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) EXCEPTIONS FOR CERTAIN INDEFINITE DE LIVERY , INDEFINITE QUANTITY MULTIPLE AWARD  
ON AN HOURLY RATE .—If an executive agency issues a solicitation for one or more contracts for services to be acquired on an hourly rate basis under the authority of sections 4103 and 4106 of this title or section 152(3) of this title and section 501(b) of title 40 and the executive agency intends to make a contract award to each qualifying offeror and the contract or contracts will feature individually competed task or delivery orders based on hourly rates— ‘‘(A) the contracting officer need not consider price as an evaluation factor for contract award; and ‘‘(B) if, pursuant to subparagraph (A), price is not considered as an evaluation factor for contract award, cost or price to the Federal Government shall be considered in conjunction with the issuance pursuant to sections 4106(c) and 152(3) of this title of any task or delivery order under any contract resulting from the solicitation. ‘‘(4) DEFINITION .—In paragraph (3), the term ‘qualifying offeror’ means an offeror that— ‘‘(A) is determined to be a responsible source; ‘‘(B) submits a proposal that conforms to the requirements of the solicitation; ‘‘(C) meets all technical requirements; and ‘‘(D) is otherwise eligible for award.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For the purpose of section 863 of Public Law 110–417, an individual acquisition for commercial leasing services shall not be construed as a purchase of property or services if such individual acquisition is made on a no cost basis and pursuant to a multiple award contract awarded in accordance with requirements for full and open competition. (b) AUDIT.—The Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) conduct biennial audits of the General Services Administration National Broker Contract to determine— (A) whether brokers selected under the program provide lower lease rental rates than rates negotiated by General Services Administration staff; and (B) the impact of the program on the length of time of lease procurements; (2) conduct a review of whether the application of section 863 of Public Law 110–417 to acquisitions for commercial leasing services resulted in rental cost savings for the Government during the years in which such section was applicable prior to the date of enactment of this section; and (3) not later than September 30, 2019, and September 30, 2021, submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report that— (A) summarizes the results of the audit and review required by paragraphs (1) and (2); (B) includes an assessment of whether the National Broker Contract provides greater efficiencies and savings than the use of General Services Administration staff; and (C) includes recommendations for improving General Services Administration lease procurements. (c) TERMINATION .—This section shall terminate on December 31, 2022. 
SEC. 878. PROCUREMENT ADMINISTRATIVE LEAD TIME DEFINITION AND PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the 
Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy shall develop, make available for public comment, and finalize— (1) a definition of the term ‘‘Procurement administrative lead time’’ or ‘‘PALT’’, to be applied Governmentwide, that describes the amount of time from the date on which a solicitation for a contract or task order is issued to the date of an initial award of the contract or task order; and (2) a plan for measuring and publicly reporting data on PALT for Federal Government contracts and task orders in amounts greater than the simplified acquisition threshold. (b) REQUIREMENT FOR DEFINITION .—Unless the Administrator determines otherwise, the amount of time in the definition of PALT developed under subsection (a) shall— (1) begin on the date on which an initial solicitation is issued by a Federal department or agency for a contract or task order; and (2) end on the date of the award of the contract or task order. (c) COORDINATION .—In developing the definition of PALT, the Administrator shall coordinate with— (1) the senior procurement executives of Federal agencies; (2) the Secretary of Defense; and (3) the Administrator of the General Services Administration on modifying the existing data system of the Federal Government to determine the date on which the initial solicitation is issued. (d) USE OF EXISTING PROCUREMENT DATASYSTEM.—In developing the plan for measuring and publicly reporting data on PALT required by subsection (a), the Administrator shall, to the maximum extent practicable, rely on the information contained in the Federal procurement data system established pursuant to section 1122(a)(4) of title 41, United States Code, including any modifications to that system. 
SEC. 879. BRIEFING ON FUNDING OF PRODUCT SUPPORT STRATEGIES. 
(a) B RIEFING REQUIRED .—For each of the fiscal years 2020, 2021, and 2022, the Secretary of Defense shall provide an annotated briefing to the congressional defense committees regarding the funding for product support strategies for major weapon systems. (b) CONTENTS .—The briefing shall include for each major weapon system— (1) a current estimate of the total funding required for the product support strategy for specific costs of the weapons system over its expected lifecycle; (2) a current estimate of the funding required for the product support strategy per year over the future years defense program for the specific product support costs of the weapon system; (3) a summary of the funding requested for the product support strategy in the future years defense program per year specifically for the weapon system; (4) a summary of the amounts expended to support costs specific to the weapon system as described in the product support strategy of the weapon system during the prior fiscal year; and (5) a summary of improvements made to data collection and analysis capabilities of the Department of Defense, including in the military services, to improve the analysis and cost estimation of lifecycle costs, improve the analysis and identification of cost drivers, reduce lifecycle cost variance, identify common and shared costs for multiple weapons systems, and isolate the lifecycle costs attributable to specific individual weapons systems. 
SEC. 880. USE OF LOWEST PRICE TECHNICALLY ACCEPTABLE SOURCE SELECTION PROCESS. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It shall be the policy of the United States Government to avoid using lowest price technically acceptable source selection criteria in circumstances that would deny the Government the benefits of cost and technical tradeoffs in the source selection process. (b) REVISION OF FEDERAL ACQUISITION REGULATION .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Federal Acquisition Regulation shall be revised to require that, for solicitations issued on or after the date that is 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, lowest price technically acceptable source selection criteria are used only in situations in which— (1) an executive agency is able to comprehensively and clearly describe the minimum requirements expressed in terms of performance objectives, measures, and standards that will be used to determine acceptability of offers; (2) the executive agency would realize no, or minimal, value from a contract proposal exceeding the minimum technical or performance requirements set forth in the request for proposal; (3) the proposed technical approaches will require no, or minimal, subjective judgment by the source selection authority as to the desirability of one offeror’s proposal versus a competing proposal; (4) the executive agency has a high degree of confidence that a review of technical proposals of offerors other than the lowest bidder would not result in the identification of factors that could provide value or benefit to the executive agency; (5) the contracting officer has included a justification for the use of a lowest price technically acceptable evaluation methodology in the contract file; and (6) the executive agency has determined that the lowest price reflects full lifecycle costs, including for operations and support. (c) AVOIDANCE OF USE OF LOWEST PRICE TECHNICALLY ACCEPTABLE SOURCE SELECTION  CRITERIA IN CERTAIN PROCUREMENTS .—To the maximum extent practicable, the use of lowest price technically acceptable source selection criteria shall be avoided in the case of a procurement that is predominately for the acquisition of— (1) information technology services, cybersecurity services, systems engineering and technical assistance services, advanced electronic testing, audit or audit readiness services, health care services and records, telecommunications devices and services, or other knowledgebased professional services; (2) personal protective equipment; or (3) knowledgebased training or logistics services in contingency operations or other operations outside the United States, including in Afghanistan or Iraq. (d) REPORT REQUIREMENT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for two years, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the number of instances in which lowest price technically acceptable source selection criteria is used for a contract exceeding $5,000,000, including an explanation of how the situations listed in subsection (b) were considered in making a determination to use lowest price technically acceptable source selection criteria. (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) EXECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 102 of title 40, United States Code, except that the term does not include the Department of Defense. (2) CONTINGENCY OPERATION .—The term ‘‘contingency operation’’ has the meaning given that term in section 101 of title 10, United States Code. (3) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. 
(a) P ERMANENT EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 2339a. Requirements for information relating to supply chain risk ‘‘(a) AUTHORITY .—Subject to subsection (b), the head of a covered agency may— ‘‘(1) carry out a covered procurement action; and ‘‘(2) limit, notwithstanding any other provision of law, in whole or in part, the disclosure of information relating to the basis for carrying out a covered procurement action. ‘‘(b) DETERMINATION AND NOTIFICATION .—The head of a covered agency may exercise the authority provided in subsection (a) only after— ‘‘(1) obtaining a joint recommendation by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, on the basis of a risk assessment by the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, that there is a significant supply chain risk to a covered system; ‘‘(2) making a determination in writing, in unclassified or classified form, with the concurrence of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, that— ‘‘(A) use of the authority in subsection (a)(1) is necessary to protect national security by reducing supply chain risk; ‘‘(B) less intrusive measures are not reasonably available to reduce such supply chain risk; and ‘‘(C) in a case where the head of the covered agency plans to limit disclosure of information under subsection (a)(2), the risk to national security due to the disclosure of such information outweighs the risk due to not disclosing such information; and ‘‘(3) providing a classified or unclassified notice of the determination made under paragraph (2) to the appropriate congressional committees, which notice shall include— ‘‘(A) the information required by section 2304(f)(3) of this title; ‘‘(B) the joint recommendation by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense as specified in paragraph (1); ‘‘(C) a summary of the risk assessment by the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence that serves as the basis for the joint recommendation specified in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(D) a summary of the basis for the determination, including a discussion of less intrusive measures that were considered and why they were not reasonably available to reduce supply chain risk. ‘‘(c) DELEGATION .—The head of a covered agency may not delegate the authority provided in subsection (a) or the responsibility to make a determination under subsection (b) to an official below the level of the service acquisition executive for the agency concerned. ‘‘(d) LIMITATION ON DISCLOSURE .—If the head of a covered agency has exercised the authority provided in subsection (a)(2) to limit disclosure of information— ‘‘(1) no action undertaken by the agency head under such authority shall be subject to review in a bid protest before the Government Accountability Office or in any Federal court; and ‘‘(2) the agency head shall— ‘‘(A) notify appropriate parties of a covered procurement action and the basis for such action only to the extent necessary to effectuate the covered procurement action; ‘‘(B) notify other Department of Defense components or other Federal agencies responsible for procurements that may be subject to the same or similar supply chain risk, in a manner and to the extent consistent with the requirements of national security; and ‘‘(C) ensure the confidentiality of any such notifications. ‘‘(e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: 
‘‘(1) H EAD OF A COVERED AGENCY .—The term ‘head of a covered agency’ means each of the following: ‘‘(A) The Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(B) The Secretary of the Army. ‘‘(C) The Secretary of the Navy. ‘‘(D) The Secretary of the Air Force. ‘‘(2) COVERED PROCUREMENT ACTION .—The term ‘covered procurement action’ means any of the following actions, if the action takes place in the course of conducting a covered procurement: ‘‘(A) The exclusion of a source that fails to meet qualification standards established in accordance with the requirements of section 2319 of this title for the purpose of reducing supply chain risk in the acquisition of covered systems. ‘‘(B) The exclusion of a source that fails to achieve an acceptable rating with regard to an evaluation factor providing for the consideration of supply chain risk in the evaluation of proposals for the award of a contract or the issuance of a task or delivery order. ‘‘(C) The decision to withhold consent for a contractor to subcontract with a particular source or to direct a contractor for a covered system to exclude a particular source from consideration for a subcontract under the contract. ‘‘(3) COVERED PROCUREMENT .—The term ‘covered procurement’ means— ‘‘(A) a source selection for a covered system or a covered item of supply involving either a performance specification, as provided in section 2305(a)(1)(C)(ii) of this title, or an evaluation factor, as provided in section 2305(a)(2)(A) of this title, relating to supply chain risk; ‘‘(B) the consideration of proposals for and issuance of a task or delivery order for a covered system or a covered item of supply, as provided in section 2304c(d)(3) of this title, where the task or delivery order contract concerned includes a contract clause establishing a requirement relating to supply chain risk; or ‘‘(C) any contract action involving a contract for a covered system or a covered item of supply where such contract includes a clause establishing requirements relating to supply chain risk. ‘‘(4) SUPPLY CHAIN RISK .—The term ‘supply chain risk’ means the risk that an adversary may sabotage, maliciously introduce unwanted function, or otherwise subvert the design, integrity, manufacturing, production, distribution, installation, operation, or maintenance of a covered system so as to surveil, deny, disrupt, or otherwise degrade the function, use, or operation of such system. ‘‘(5) COVERED SYSTEM .—The term ‘covered system’ means a national security system, as that term is defined in section 3542(b) of title 44. ‘‘(6) COVERED ITEM OF SUPPLY .—The term ‘covered item of supply’ means an item of information technology (as that term is defined in section 11101 of title 40) that is purchased for inclusion in a covered system, and the loss of integrity of which could result in a supply chain risk for a covered system. ‘‘(7) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(A) in the case of a covered system included in the National Intelligence Program or the Military Intelligence Program, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, and the congressional defense committees; and ‘‘(B) in the case of a covered system not otherwise included in subparagraph (A), the congressional defense committees.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2339 the following new item: ‘‘2339a. Requirements for information relating to supply chain risk.’’. (b) REPEAL OF OBSOLETE AUTHORITY .—Sec tion 806(g) of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383; 10 U.S.C. 2304 note) is hereby repealed. SEC. 882. REVIEW OF MARKET RESEARCH. 
Not later than February 1, 2019, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, shall review the guidance of the Department of Defense with regard to those portions of the Federal Acquisition Regulation regarding commercially available market research, including sections 10.001(a)(2)(vi) and 10.002(b), and market research practices. The review shall, at a minimum— (1) assess the impact that conducting market research has on the Department’s resources; (2) ensure that commercially available market research is considered among other sources of research, as appropriate, and reviewed prior to developing new requirements documents for an acquisition by the Department; (3) assess the extent to which the legal or regulatory definitions of market research should be made consistent, revised, or expanded; (4) assess the extent to which guidance pertaining to market research should be revised or expanded; and (5) evaluate best practices in market research in public and private organizations, including use of information technologies to support such research. 
SEC. 883. ESTABLISHMENT OF INTEGRATED REVIEW TEAM ON DEFENSE ACQUISITION INDUSTRYGOVERNMENT EXCHANGE. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall direct the Defense Business Board to convene an integrated review team (in this section referred to as the ‘‘exchange team’’) to undertake a study on facilitating the exchange of defense industry personnel on term assignments within the Department of Defense. (2) MEMBER PARTICIPATION .— (A) DEFENSE BUSINESS BOARD .—The Chairman of the Defense Business Board shall select six members from the membership of the Board to participate on the exchange team, including one member to lead the team. (B) DEFENSE INNOVATION BOARD .—The Chairman of the Defense Innovation Board shall select five appropriate members from the membership of their Board to participate on the exchange team. (C) DEFENSE SCIENCE BOARD .—The Chairman of the Defense Science Board shall select five appropriate members from the membership of their Board to participate on the exchange team. (D) REQUIRED EXPERIENCE .—The Chairmen referred to in subparagraphs (A) through (C) shall ensure that members have significant legislative or regulatory expertise and reflect diverse experiences in the public and private sector. (3) SCOPE.—The study conducted pursuant to paragraph (1) shall— (A) review legal, ethical, and financial disclosure requirements for industrygovernment exchanges; (B) review existing or previous industrygovernment exchange programs such as the Department of State’s Franklin Fellows Program and the Information Technology Exchange Program; (C) review how the military departments address legal, ethical, and financial requirements for members of the reserve components who also maintain civilian employment in the defense industry; (D) produce specific and detailed recommendations for any legislation, including the amendment or repeal of regulations, as well as nonlegislative approaches, that the members of the exchange team conducting the study determine necessary to— (i) reduce barriers to industrygovernment exchange to encourage the flow of acquisition best practices; (ii) ensure continuing financial and ethical integrity; and (iii) protect the best interests of the Department of Defense; and (E) produce such additional recommendations for legislation as the members consider appropriate. (4) ACCESS TO INFORMATION .—The Secretary of Defense shall provide the exchange team with timely access to appropriate information, data, resources, and analysis so that the exchange team may conduct a thorough and independent analysis as required under this subsection. (b) BRIEFING .—Not later than December 31, 2018, the exchange team shall provide an interim briefing to the congressional defense committees on the study conducted under subsection (a) (c) FINAL REPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the exchange team shall submit a final report on the study to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the congressional defense committees. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish an exchange program under which the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall arrange for the temporary assignment of civilian personnel in the Department of Defense acquisition workforce. (b) PURPOSES .—The purposes of the exchange program established pursuant to subsection (a) are— (1) to familiarize personnel from the acquisition workforce with the equities, priorities, processes, culture, and workforce of the acquisition related defense agencies; (2) to enable participants in the exchange program to return the expertise gained through their exchanges to their original organizations; and (3) to improve communication between and integration of the organizations that support the policy, implementation, and oversight of defense acquisition through lasting relationships. (c) PARTICIPANTS .— (1) NUMBER OF PARTICIPANTS .—The Under Secretary shall select not less than 10 and no more than 20 participants per year for participation in the exchange program established under subsection (a). (2) CRITERIA FOR SELECTION .—The Under Secretary shall select participants for the exchange program established under subsection (a) from among midcareer employees and based on— (A) the qualifications and desire to participate in the program of the employee; and (B) the technical needs and capacities of the acquisition workforce, as applicable. (d) TERMS .—Exchanges pursuant to the exchange program established under subsection (a) shall be for terms of one to two years, as determined and negotiated by the Under Secretary. The terms may begin and end on a rolling basis. (e) GUIDANCE AND IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) GUIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall develop and submit to the congressional defense committees interim guidance on the form and contours of the exchange program established under subsection (a). (2) IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall implement the guidance developed under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 885. PROCESS TO LIMIT FOREIGN ACCESS TO TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) P ROCESS AND PROCEDURES .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop a process and procedures for limiting foreign access to technology through contracts, grants, cooperative agreements, or other transactions, when such limitation is in the interest of national security. (b) REPORT .—Not later than September 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional 
defense committees a report on the process and procedures developed pursuant to subsection (a). The report shall include the following elements: (1) An assessment of the Department of Defense’s ability through existing authorities to limit foreign access to technology through contracts, grants, cooperative agreements, or other transactions. (2) An assessment of the Department’s need to implement a process to limit foreign access to technology. (3) Recommendations for penalties for violations of access, including intellectual property forfeiture. (c) CONSIDERATIONS .—The process and procedures developed under subsection (a) shall be consistent with all existing law, including laws relating to trade agreements, individual protections, export controls, and the National Technology and Industrial Base (NTIB). 
SEC. 886. PROCUREMENT OF TELECOMMUNICATIONS SUPPLIES FOR EXPERIMENTAL PURPOSES. 
Section 2373(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘telecommunications,’’ after ‘‘spaceflight,’’. 
SEC. 887. ACCESS BY DEVELOPMENTAL AND OPERATIONAL TESTING ACTIVITIES TO DATA REGARDING MODELING AND SIMULATION ACTIVITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 139(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) The Director shall have prompt access to all data regarding modeling and simulation activity proposed to be used by military departments and defense agencies in support of operational or live fire test and evaluation of military capabilities. This access shall include data associated with verification, validation, and accreditation activities.’’. (b) ADDITIONAL TESTING DATA.—Develop mental Test and Evaluation activities under the leadership of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall have prompt access to all data regarding modeling and simulation activity proposed to be used by military departments and defense agencies in support of developmental test and evaluation of military capabilities. This access shall include data associated with verification, validation, and accreditation activities. 
SEC. 888. INSTRUCTION ON PILOT PROGRAM REGARDING EMPLOYMENT OF PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall update the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulatory Supplement to include an instruction on the pilot program regarding employment of persons with disabilities authorized under section 853 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108– 136; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). 
SEC. 889. PROHIBITION ON CERTAIN TELECOMMUNICATIONS AND VIDEO SURVEILLANCE SERVICES OR EQUIPMENT. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON USE OR PROCUREMENT .— (1) The head of an executive agency may not— (A) procure or obtain or extend or renew a contract to procure or obtain any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system; or (B) enter into a contract (or extend or renew a contract) with an entity that uses any equipment, system, or service that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services as a substantial or essential component of any system, or as critical technology as part of any system. (2) Nothing in paragraph (1) shall be construed to— (A) prohibit the head of an executive agency from procuring with an entity to provide a service that connects to the facilities of a third party, such as backhaul, roaming, or interconnection arrangements; or (B) cover telecommunications equipment that cannot route or redirect user data traffic or permit visibility into any user data or packets that such equipment transmits or otherwise handles. (b) PROHIBITION ON LOAN AND GRANT FUNDS.—(1) The head of an executive agency may not obligate or expend loan or grant funds to procure or obtain, extend or renew a contract to procure or obtain, or enter into a contract (or extend or renew a contract) to procure or obtain the equipment, services, or systems described in subsection (a). (2) In implementing the prohibition in paragraph (1), heads of executive agencies administering loan, grant, or subsidy programs, including the heads of the Federal Communications Commission, the Department of Agriculture, the Department of Homeland Security, the Small Business Administration, and the Department of Commerce, shall prioritize available funding and technical support to assist affected businesses, institutions and organizations as is reasonably necessary for those affected entities to transition from covered communications equipment and services, to procure replacement equipment and services, and to ensure that communications service to users and customers is sustained. (3) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to— (A) prohibit the head of an executive agency from procuring with an entity to provide a service that connects to the facilities of a third party, such as backhaul, roaming, or interconnection arrangements; or (B) cover telecommunications equipment that cannot route or redirect user data traffic or permit visibility into any user data or packets that such equipment transmits or otherwise handles. (c) EFFECTIVE DATES.—The prohibition under subsection (a)(1)(A) shall take effect one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, and the prohibitions under subsections (a)(1)(B) and (b)(1) shall take effect two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) WAIVER AUTHORITY .— (1) EXECUTIVE AGENCIES .—The head of an executive agency may, on a onetime basis, waive the requirements under subsection (a) with respect to an entity that requests such a waiver. The waiver may be provided, for a period of not more than two years after the effective dates described in subsection (c), if the entity seeking the waiver— (A) provides a compelling justification for the additional time to implement the requirements under such subsection, as determined by the head of the executive agency; and (B) submits to the head of the executive agency, who shall not later than 30 days thereafter submit to the appropriate congressional committees, a full and complete laydown of the presences of covered telecommunications or video surveillance equipment or services in the entity’s supply chain and a phaseout plan to eliminate such covered telecommunications or video surveillance equipment or services from the entity’s systems. (2) DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE .— The Director of National Intelligence may provide a waiver on a date later than the effective dates described in subsection (c) if the Director determines the waiver is in the national security interests of the United States. (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’’ means— (A) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives. (2) COVERED FOREIGN COUNTRY .—The term ‘‘covered foreign country’’ means the People’s Republic of China. (3) COVERED TELECOMMUNICATIONS EQUIPMENT  
OR SERVICES .—The term ‘‘covered telecommunications equipment or services’’ means any of the following: (A) Telecommunications equipment produced by Huawei Technologies Company or ZTE Corporation (or any subsidiary or affiliate of such entities). (B) For the purpose of public safety, security of government facilities, physical security surveillance of critical infrastructure, and other national security purposes, video surveillance and telecommunications equipment produced by Hytera Communications Corporation, Hangzhou Hikvision Digital Technology Company, or Dahua Technology Company (or any subsidiary or affiliate of such entities). (C) Telecommunications or video surveillance services provided by such entities or using such equipment. (D) Telecommunications or video surveillance equipment or services produced or provided by an entity that the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of the National Intelligence or the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, reasonably believes to be an entity owned or controlled by, or otherwise connected to, the government of a covered foreign country. (4) EXECUTIVE AGENCY .—The term ‘‘executive agency’’ has the meaning given the term in section 133 of title 41, United States Code. 
SEC. 890. PILOT PROGRAM TO ACCELERATE CONTRACTING AND PRICING PROCESSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a pilot program to reform and accelerate the contracting and pricing processes associated with contracts in excess of $50,000,000 by— (1) basing price reasonableness determinations on actual cost and pricing data for purchases of the same or similar products for the Department of Defense; and (2) reducing the cost and pricing data to be submitted in accordance with section 2306a of title 10, United States Code. (b) LIMITATION .—The pilot program authorized under subsection (a) may include no more than ten contracts, and none of the selected contracts may be part of a major defense acquisition program (as that term is defined under section 2430 of title 10, United States Code). (c) REPORT .—Not later than January 30, 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the pilot program authorized under subsection (a) and an assessment of whether the program should be continued or expanded. (d) SUNSET .—The authority to carry out the pilot program under this section shall expire on January 2, 2021. TITLE IX—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT Subtitle A—Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters Sec. 901. Report on allocation of former responsibilities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. Sec. 902. Modification of responsibilities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy. Sec. 903. Clarification of responsibilities and duties of the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense. Sec. 904. Technical corrections to Department of Defense Test Resource Management Center authority. Sec. 905. Specification of certain duties of the Defense Technical Information Center. 
Subtitle B—Organization and Management of Other Department of Defense Offices and Elements Sec. 911. Comprehensive review of operational and administrative chainsofcommand and functions of the Department of the Navy. Sec. 912. Modification of certain responsibilities of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to joint force concept development. Sec. 913. Clarification of certain risk assessment requirements of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in connection with the National Military Strategy. Sec. 914. Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict review of United States Special Operations Command. Sec. 915. Expansion of principal duties of Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition. Sec. 916. Qualifications for appointment as Deputy Chief Management Officer of a military department. Sec. 917. Deadline for completion of full implementation of requirements in connection with organization of the Department of Defense for management of special operations forces and special operations. Sec. 918. Crossfunctional teams in the Department of Defense. Sec. 919. Limitation on transfer of the Chemical, Biological, and Radiological Defense Division of the Navy. Subtitle C—Comprehensive Pentagon Bureaucracy Reform and Reduction Sec. 921. Authorities and responsibilities of the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. Sec. 922. Analysis of Department of Defense business management and operations datasets to promote savings and efficiencies. Sec. 923. Periodic review of the Defense Agencies and Department of Defense Field Activities by the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. Sec. 924. Actions to increase the efficiency and transparency of the Defense Logistics Agency. Sec. 925. Review of functions of Defense Contract Audit Agency and Defense Contract Management Agency. Sec. 926. Review and improvement of the operations of the Defense Finance and Accounting Service. Sec. 927. Assessment of chief information officer functions in connection with transition to enterprisewide management of information technology and computing. Sec. 928. Comptroller General of the United States report on crossenterprise activities of the Inspectors General of the Department of Defense. Sec. 929. General provisions. Subtitle D—Other Department of Defense Organization and Management Matters Sec. 931. Limitation on availability of funds for major headquarters activities of the Department of Defense. Sec. 932. John S. McCain Strategic Defense Fellows Program. Sec. 933. Performance of civilian functions by military personnel. Sec. 934. Report on implementation of requirements on estimation and comparison of costs of civilian and military manpower and contract support for the Department of Defense. Sec. 935. Review of foreign currency exchange rates and analysis of Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense appropriation. Sec. 936. Responsibility for policy on civilian casualty matters. Sec. 937. Additional matters in connection with background and security investigations for Department of Defense personnel. Sec. 938. Research and development to advance capabilities of the Department of Defense in data integration and advanced analytics in connection with personnel security. Subtitle E—Other Matters Sec. 941. Trusted information provider program for national security positions and positions of trust. Sec. 942. Report on expedited processing of security clearances for missioncritical positions. Sec. 943. Report on clearance in person concept. Subtitle A—Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters 
SEC. 901. REPORT ON ALLOCATION OF FORMER RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR ACQUISITION, TECHNOLOGY, AND LOGISTICS. 
Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report setting forth the following: (1) A list of each provision of law, whether within or outside title 10, United States Code, in force as of the date of the report that, as of that date, assigns a duty, responsibility, or other requirement to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. (2) For each duty, responsibility, or other requirement specified in a provision of law listed pursuant to paragraph (1), the allocation of such duty, responsibility, or requirement within the Department of Defense, including— (A) solely to the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering; (B) solely to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment; (C) on a shared basis between the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment; (D) solely to another official or organization of the Department; (E) on a shared basis between other officials and organizations of the Department; or (F) not allocated. 
SEC. 902. MODIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR POLICY. 
(a) G ENERAL RESPONSIBILITIES .—Paragraph (2) of section 134(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary of Defense, the Under Secretary shall be responsible and have overall direction and supervision for— ‘‘(A) the development, implementation, and integration across the Department of Defense of the National Defense Strategy (as described by section 113 of this title) and strategic policy guidance for the activities of the Department of Defense across all geographic regions and military functions and domains; ‘‘(B) the integration of the activities of the Department into the National Security Strategy of the United States; ‘‘(C) the development of policy guidance for the preparation of campaign and contingency plans by the combatant commands, and for the review of such plans; ‘‘(D) the preparation of policy guidance for the development of the global force posture; and ‘‘(E) the development of the Defense Planning Guidance that guides the formulation of program and budget requests by the military departments and other elements of the Department.’’. (b) RESPONSIBILITIES IN CONNECTION WITH JOINT FORCE CAPABILITIES AND READINESS .— Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary of Defense, the Under Secretary shall coordinate with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation to— ‘‘(A) develop planning scenarios that describe the present and future strategic and operational environments by which to assess joint force capabilities and readiness; and ‘‘(B) develop specific objectives that the joint force should be ready to achieve, and conduct assessments of the capability (in terms of both capacity and readiness) of the joint force to achieve such objectives.’’. 
SEC. 903. CLARIFICATION OF RESPONSIBILITIES AND DUTIES OF THE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 142(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(other than with respect to business systems and management)’’ after ‘‘sections 3506(a)(2)’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘section 11315 of title 40’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 11315 and 11319 of title 40 (other than with respect to business systems and management)’’; and (3) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sections 2222, 2223(a), and 2224 of this title’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 2223(a) (other than with respect to business systems and management) and 2224 of this title’’. 
SEC. 904. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TEST RESOURCE MANAGEMENT CENTER AUTHORITY. 
Section 196 of title 10, United States Code, is amended in subsections (c)(1)(B) and (g) by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering’’. 
SEC. 905. SPECIFICATION OF CERTAIN DUTIES OF THE DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In addition to any other duties specified for the Defense Technical Information Center by law, regulation, or Department of Defense directive or instruction, the duties of the Center shall include the following: (1) To execute the Global Research Watch Program under section 2365 of title 10, United States Code. (2) To develop and maintain datasets and other data repositories on research and engineering activities being conducted within the Department. (b) ACTION PLAN.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a plan of action for the commencement by the Defense Technical Information Center of the duties specified in subsection (a). Subtitle B—Organization and Management of Other Department of Defense Offices and Elements 
SEC. 911. COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF OPERATIONAL AND ADMINISTRATIVE CHAINSOFCOMMAND AND FUNCTIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Navy shall conduct a comprehensive review of the operational and administrative chainsofcommand and functions of the Department of the Navy. (b) ELEMENTS .—In conducting the review required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider options to do each of the following: (1) Increase visibility of unitlevel readiness at senior levels. 
(2) Reduce socalled ‘‘doublehatting’’ and ‘‘triplehatting’’ commanders. (3) Clarify organizations responsible and accountable for training and certification at the unit, group, and fleet level. (4) Simplify reporting requirements applicable to commanding officers. (c) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the review required by subsection (a). The report shall include the following: (A) The results of the review, including any findings of the Secretary as a result of the review. (B) Any organizational changes in operational or administrative chainsofcommand or functions of the Department undertaken or to be undertaken by the Secretary in light of the review. (C) Any recommendations for legislative or administration action with respect to the operational or administrative chainsofcommand or functions of the Department the Secretary considers appropriate in light of the review. (2) FORM.—The report under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 912. MODIFICATION OF CERTAIN RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF RELATING TO JOINT FORCE CONCEPT DEVELOPMENT. 
Subparagraph (D) of section 153(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) formulating policies for development and experimentation on both urgent and longterm concepts for joint force employment, including establishment of a process within the Joint Staff for analyzing and prioritizing gaps in capabilities that could potentially be addressed by joint concept development using existing or modified joint force capabilities;’’. 
SEC. 913. CLARIFICATION OF CERTAIN RISK ASSESSMENT REQUIREMENTS OF THE CHAIRMAN OF THE JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF IN CONNECTION WITH THE NATIONAL MILITARY STRATEGY. 
Section 153(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(D)(iii), by striking ‘‘military strategic and operational risks’’ and inserting ‘‘military risk’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B)(ii), by striking ‘‘military strategic and operational risks to United States interests and the military strategic and operational risks in executing the National Military Strategy (or update)’’ and inserting ‘‘military strategic risks to United States interests and military risks in executing the National Military Strategy (or update)’’. 
SEC. 914. ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR SPECIAL OPERATIONS AND LOW INTENSITY CONFLICT REVIEW OF UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict shall, in coordination with the Commander of the United States Special Operations Command, conduct a comprehensive review of the United States Special Operations Command for purposes of ensuring that the institutional and operational capabilities of special operations forces are appropriate to counter anticipated future threats across the spectrum of conflict. (b) SCOPE OF REVIEW .—The review required by subsection (a) shall include, at a minimum, the following: (1) An assessment of the adequacy of special operations forces doctrine, organization, training, materiel, education, personnel, and facilities to implement the 2018 National Defense Strategy, and recommendations, if any, for modifications for that purpose. (2) An assessment of the roles and responsibilities of special operations forces as assigned by law, Department of Defense guidance, or other formal designation, and recommendations, if any, for additions to or divestitures of such roles or responsibilities. (3) An assessment of the adequacy of the processes through which the United States Special Operations Command evaluates and prioritizes the requirements at the geographic combatant commands for special operations forces and special operationsunique capabilities and makes recommendations on the allocation of special operations forces and special operationsunique capabilities to meet such requirements, and recommendations, if any, for modifications of such processes. (4) Any other matters the Assistant Secretary considers appropriate. (c) DEADLINES .— (1) COMPLETION OF REVIEW .—The review required by subsection (a) shall be completed by not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 30 days after completion of the review, the Assistant Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the review, including the findings and any recommendations of the Assistant Secretary as a result of the review. 
SEC. 915. EXPANSION OF PRINCIPAL DUTIES OF ASSISTANT SECRETARY OF THE NAVY FOR RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, AND ACQUISITION. 
Section 5016(b)(4)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and acquisition matters’’ and inserting ‘‘acquisition, and sustainment (including maintenance) matters’’. 
SEC. 916. QUALIFICATIONS FOR APPOINTMENT AS DEPUTY CHIEF MANAGEMENT OFFICER OF A MILITARY DEPARTMENT. 
(a) D EPARTMENT OF THE ARMY.—An indi vidual may not be appointed as Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of the Army unless the individual— (1) has significant experience in business operations or management in the public sector; or (2) has significant experience managing an enterprise in the private sector. (b) DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY.—An indi vidual may not be appointed as Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of the Navy unless the individual— (1) has significant experience in business operations or management in the public sector; or (2) has significant experience managing an enterprise in the private sector. (c) DEPARTMENT OF THE AIRFORCE.—An indi vidual may not be appointed as Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of the Air Force unless the individual— (1) has significant experience in business operations or management in the public sector; or (2) has significant experience managing an enterprise in the private sector. 
SEC. 917. DEADLINE FOR COMPLETION OF FULL IMPLEMENTATION OF REQUIREMENTS IN CONNECTION WITH ORGANIZATION OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FOR MANAGEMENT OF SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES AND SPECIAL OPERATIONS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the implementation of section 922 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2354) and the amendments made by that section is fully complete by not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 918. CROSSFUNCTIONAL TEAMS IN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) C ROSSFUNCTIONAL TEAM ON ELECTRONIC  WARFARE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Among the crossfunctional teams established by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (c) of section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2345; 10 U.S.C. 111 note) in support of the organizational strategy for the Department of Defense required by subsection (a) of that section, the Secretary shall establish a crossfunctional team on electronic warfare. (2) ESTABLISHMENT AND ACTIVITIES .—The crossfunctional team established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be established in accordance with subsection (c) of section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, and shall be governed in its activities in accordance with the provisions of such subsection (c). (3) DEADLINE FOR ESTABLISHMENT .—The cross functional team required by paragraph (1) shall be established by not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (b) ADDITIONAL CROSSFUNCTIONAL TEAMS  MATTERS .— (1) CRITERIA FOR DISTINGUISHING AMONG  
CROSS FUNCTIONAL TEAMS .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue criteria that distinguish crossfunctional teams under section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 from other types of crossfunctional working groups, committees, integrated product teams, and task forces of the Department. (2) PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITY FOR IMPLEMENTA TION OF TEAMS .—The Deputy Secretary of Defense shall establish or designate an office within the Department that shall have primary responsibility for implementing section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. 
SEC. 919. LIMITATION ON TRANSFER OF THE CHEMICAL, BIOLOGICAL, AND RADIOLOGICAL DEFENSE DIVISION OF THE NAVY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the following: (1) A detailed timeline for the proposed transfer of the Chemical, Biological, and Radiological Defense Division of the Navy from Virginia to another location. (2) A full accounting of the costs associated with the proposed transfer, including— (A) all personnel costs; (B) all equipment costs; and (C) all facility renovation costs for the existing facilities of the Division and the facilities to which the Division is proposed to be transferred. (3) A risk assessment of the operational impact of the transfer during the transition period. (4) An explanation of the operational benefit expected to be achieved by collocating all Chemical, Biological, and Radiological elements of the Department of the Navy. (b) LIMITATION .—The Secretary may not transfer, or prepare to transfer, the Chemical, Biological, and Radiological Defense Division of the Navy from Dahlgren, Virginia, to another location until a period of 45 days has elapsed following the date on which the report is submitted to the congressional defense committees under subsection (a). Subtitle C—Comprehensive Pentagon Bureaucracy Reform and Reduction 
SEC. 921. AUTHORITIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF THE CHIEF MANAGEMENT OFFICER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) A UTHORITIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subsection (b) of section 132a of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) Serving as the official with principal responsibility in the Department for minimizing the duplication of efforts, maximizing efficiency and effectiveness, and establishing metrics for performance among and for all organizations and elements of the Department.’’. (2) BUDGET AUTHORITY .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Such section is further amended— 
(i) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and (ii) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) BUDGET AUTHORITY .—(1)(A) Beginning in fiscal year 2020, the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), shall require the head of each Defense Agency and Department of Defense Field Activity specified by the Secretary for purposes of this subsection to transmit the proposed budget of such Agency or Activity for enterprise business operations for a fiscal year, and for the period covered by the futureyears defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title for that fiscal year, to the Chief Management Officer for review under subparagraph (B) at the same time the proposed budget is submitted to the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller). ‘‘(B) The Chief Management Officer shall review each proposed budget transmitted under subparagraph (A) and, not later than January 31 of the year preceding the fiscal year for which the budget is proposed, shall submit to the Secretary a report containing the comments of the Chief Management Officer with respect to all such proposed budgets, together with the certification of the Chief Management Officer regarding whether each such proposed budget achieves the required level of efficiency and effectiveness for enterprise business operations, consistent with guidance for budget review established by the Chief Management Officer. ‘‘(C) Not later than March 31 each year, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that includes the following: ‘‘(i) Each proposed budget for the enterprise business operations of a Defense Agency or Department of Defense Field Activity that was transmitted to the Chief Management Officer under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) Identification of each proposed budget contained in the most recent report submitted under subparagraph (B) that the Chief Management Officer did not certify as achieving the required level of efficiency and effectiveness for enterprise business operations. ‘‘(iii) A discussion of the actions that the Secretary proposes to take, together with any recommended legislation that the Secretary considers appropriate, to address inadequate levels of efficiency and effectiveness for enterprise business operations achieved by the proposed budgets identified in the report. ‘‘(iv) Any additional comments that the Secretary considers appropriate regarding inadequate levels of efficiency and effectiveness for enterprise business operations achieved by the proposed budgets. ‘‘(2) Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to modify or interfere with the budgetrelated responsibilities of the Director of National Intelligence.’’. (B) EXECUTION OF AUTHORITY .—In order to execute the authority in subsection (c) of section 132a of title 10, United States Code (as amended by subparagraph (A)), the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense shall do the following: (i) By April 1, 2019, develop an assessment of cost and expertise requirements to execute such authority. (ii) By September 1, 2019, develop guidance for Defense Agencies and Department of Defense Field Activities to delineate spending on enterprise business operations and develop a process to determine the adequacy of their budgets for such operations. (b) REFORM OF BUSINESS ENTERPRISE OPERATIONS IN SUPPORT OF CERTAIN ACTIVITIES  ACROSS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— (1) PERIODIC REFORM .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2020, and not less frequently than once every five years thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, reform enterprise business operations of the Department of Defense, through reductions, eliminations, or improvements, across all organizations and elements of the Department with respect to covered activities in order to increase effectiveness and efficiency of mission execution. (B) CMO REPORTS .—Not later than January 1 of every fifth calendar year beginning with January 1, 2025, the Chief Management Officer shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that describes the activities carried out by the Chief Management Officer under this subsection during the preceding five years, including an estimate of any cost savings achieved as a result of such activities. (2) COVERED ACTIVITIES DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘covered activities’’ means any activity relating to civilian resources management, logistics management, services contracting, or real estate management. (3) REPORTING FRAMEWORK .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Chief Management Officer shall establish a consistent reporting framework to establish a baseline for the costs to perform all covered activities, and shall submit to Congress a report that, for each individual covered activity performed in fiscal year 2019, identifies the following: (A) The component or components of the Department responsible for performing such activity, and a business process map of such activity, in fiscal year 2019. (B) The number of the military, civilian, and contractor personnel of the component or components of the Department who performed such activity in that fiscal year. (C) The manpower requirements for such activity as of that fiscal year. (D) The systems and other resources associated with such activity as of that fiscal year. (E) The cost in dollars of performing such activity in fiscal year 2019. (4) INITIAL PLAN .—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Chief Management Officer shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan, schedule, and cost estimate for conducting the reforms required under paragraph (1)(A). (5) CERTIFICATION OF COST SAVINGS .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Chief Management Officer shall certify to the congressional defense committees that the savings and costs incurred as a result of activities carried out under paragraph (1) will achieve savings in fiscal year 2020 against the total amount obligated and expended for covered activities in fiscal year 2019 of— (A) not less than 25 percent of the cost in dollars of performing covered activities in fiscal year 2019 as specified pursuant to paragraph (3)(E); or (B) if the Chief Management Officer determines that achievement of savings of 25 percent or more will create overall inefficiencies for the Department, notice and justification will be submitted to the congressional defense committees specifying a lesser percentage of savings that the Chief Management Officer determines to be necessary to achieve efficiencies in the delivery of covered activities, which notice and justification shall be submitted by not later than October 1, 2019, together with a description of the efficiencies to be achieved. (6) COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORTS .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the congressional defense committees the following: (A) Not later than 90 days after the submittal of the plan under paragraph (4), a report that verifies whether the plan is feasible. (B) Not later than 270 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a report setting forth an assessment of the actions taken under paragraph (1)(A) since the date of the enactment of this Act. (C) Not later than 270 days after the submittal of the reporting framework under paragraph (3), a report that verifies whether the baseline established in the framework is accurate. (D) Not later than 270 days after the submittal of the report under paragraph (5), a report that verifies— (i) whether the activities described in the report were carried out; and (ii) whether any cost savings estimated in the report are accurate. SEC. 922. ANALYSIS OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BUSINESS MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONS DATASETS TO PROMOTE SAVINGS AND EFFICIENCIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense shall develop a policy on analysis of Department of Defense datasets on business management and business operations by the public for purposes of accessing data analysis capabilities that would promote savings and efficiencies and otherwise enhance the utility of such datasets to the Department. (b) INITIAL DISCHARGE OF POLICY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Chief Management Officer shall commence the discharge of the policy required pursuant to subsection (a) by— (A) identifying one or more matters— (i) that are of significance to the Department of Defense; (ii) that are currently unresolved; and (iii) whose resolution from a business management or business operations dataset of the Department could benefit from a method or technique of analysis not currently familiar to the Department; (B) identifying between three and five business management or business operations datasets of the Department not currently available to the public whose evaluation could result in novel data analysis solutions toward management or operations problems of the Department identified by the Chief Management Officer; and (C) encouraging, whether by competition or other mechanisms, the evaluation of the datasets described in subparagraph (B) by appropriate persons and entities in the public or private sector (including academia). (2) PROTECTION OF SECURITY AND CONFIDEN TIALITY .—In providing for the evaluation of datasets pursuant to this subsection, the Chief Management Officer shall take appropriate actions to protect the security and confidentiality of any information contained in the datasets, including through special precautions to ensure that any personally identifiable information is not included and no release of information will adversely affect national security missions. 
SEC. 923. PERIODIC REVIEW OF THE DEFENSE AGENCIES AND DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FIELD ACTIVITIES BY THE CHIEF MANAGEMENT OFFICER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) P ERIODIC REVIEW .—Subsection (c) of section 192 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3); and (2) by inserting before paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(1)(A) Not later than January 1, 2020, and periodically (but not less frequently than every four years) thereafter, the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense shall conduct a review of the efficiency and effectiveness of each Defense Agency and Department of Defense Field Activity. Each review shall, to the maximum extent practicable, be conducted in coordination with other ongoing efforts in connection with business enterprise reform. ‘‘(B) As part of each review under this paragraph, the Chief Management Officer shall identify each activity of an Agency or Activity that is substantially similar to, or duplicative of, an activity carried out by another organization or element of the Department of Defense, or is not being performed to an adequate level to meet Department needs. ‘‘(C) For purposes of conducting reviews under this paragraph, the Chief Management 
Officer shall develop internal guidance that defines requirements for such reviews and provides clear direction for conducting and recording the results of reviews. ‘‘(2)(A) Not later than 90 days after the completion of a review under paragraph (1), the Chief Management Officer shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that sets forth the results of the review. ‘‘(B) The report on a review under this paragraph shall, based on the results of the review, include the following: ‘‘(i) A list of each Defense Agency and Department of Defense Field Activity that the Chief Management Officer has determined— ‘‘(I) operates efficiently and effectively; and ‘‘(II) does not carry out any function that is substantially similar to, or duplicative of, a function carried out by another organization or element of the Department of Defense. ‘‘(ii) With respect to each Agency or Activity not included on the list under clause (i), a plan, aimed at better meeting Department needs, for— ‘‘(I) rationalizing the functions within such Agency or Activity; or ‘‘(II) transferring some or all of the functions of such Agency or Activity to another organization or element of the Department. ‘‘(iii) Recommendations for functions, if any, currently conducted separately by the military departments that should be consolidated into an Agency or Activity.’’. (b) REPEAL OF SPECIAL RULE FOR DEFENSE  BUSINESS TRANSFORMATION AGENCY .—Such sec tion is further amended by striking subsection (e). (c) LIMITATION ON TERMINATION .—Such sec tion is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) LIMITATION ON TERMINATION .—The Sec retary of Defense may not terminate a Defense Agency or Department of Defense Field Activity until 30 days after the date on which the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: ‘‘(1) Notice of the intent of the Secretary to terminate the Agency or Activity. ‘‘(2) Such recommendations for legislative action as the Secretary considers appropriate in connection with the termination of the Agency or Activity.’’. 
SEC. 924. ACTIONS TO INCREASE THE EFFICIENCY AND TRANSPARENCY OF THE DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY. 
(a) S YSTEM AND CAPABILITY .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency and the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense shall jointly, in consultation with the customers served by the Agency, develop and implement— (1) a comprehensive system that enables customers of the Agency to view— (A) the inventory of items and materials available to customers from the Agency; and (B) the delivery status of items and materials that are in transit to customers; and (2) a predictive analytics capability designed to increase the efficiency of the system described in paragraph (1) by identifying emerging customer needs with respect to items and materials supplied by the Agency, including any emerging needs arising from the use of new weapon systems by customers. (b) ACTIONS TO INCREASE EFFICIENCY .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Director and the Chief Management Officer shall jointly— (1) develop a plan to reduce the rates charged by the Agency to customers, in aggregate— (A) by not less than 10 percent; or (B) if the Chief Management Officer determines that a reduction of rates in aggregate of 10 percent or more will create overall inefficiencies for the Department, by such percentage less than 10 percent as the Chief Management Officer considers appropriate to avoid such inefficiencies, but only after notifying the congressional defense committees of such lesser percentage in reduction of rates pursuant to this subparagraph; (2) eliminate the duplication of services within the Agency; and (3) establish specific goals and metrics to ensure that the Agency is fulfilling its mission of providing items and materials to customers with sufficient speed and in sufficient quantities to ensure the lethality and readiness of warfighters. (c) PLANREQUIRED .—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Director and the Chief Management Officer shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a plan that describes how the Director and the Chief Management Officer will achieve compliance with the requirements of subsections (a) and (b). 
SEC. 925. REVIEW OF FUNCTIONS OF DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY AND DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Secretary of Defense shall, acting through the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, direct the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) to conduct a joint review of the functions of the Defense Contract Audit Agency and the Defense Contract Management Agency. The review shall include the following: (1) A validation of the missions and functions of each Agency. (2) An assessment of the effectiveness of each Agency in performing designated functions, including identification and analysis of qualitative and quantitative metrics of performance. (3) An assessment of the adequacy of the resources, authorities, workforce training, and size of each Agency to perform designated functions. (4) An assessment of cost savings or avoidance attributable to the conduct of the activities of each Agency. (5) A determination whether functions performed by either Agency could be performed more appropriately and effectively by any combination of the following: (A) The other Agency. (B) Any other organization or element of the Department of Defense, including the military departments. (C) Commercial providers. (6) A validation of the continued need for two separate Agencies with oversight for defense contracting. (b) REPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that sets forth the results of the review conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 926. REVIEW AND IMPROVEMENT OF THE OPERATIONS OF THE DEFENSE FINANCE AND ACCOUNTING SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense and the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall conduct a joint review of the activities of the Defense Finance and Accounting Service. The review shall include the following: (1) A validation of the missions and functions of the Service. (2) An assessment of the effectiveness of the Service in performing designated functions, including identification and analysis of qualitative and quantitative metrics of performance. (3) An assessment of the resources, authorities, workforce training, and size of the Service to perform designated functions. (4) An assessment of changes required to the mission and activities of the Service based on the availability and application of current and potential future information technology capabilities. (5) A determination whether any functions currently performed by the Service could be performed more appropriately and effectively by any combination of the following: (A) Any other organization or element of the Department of Defense, including the military departments. (B) Commercial providers. (6) A determination whether any functions currently performed by other organizations or elements of the Department could be consolidated within the Service in order to promote effectiveness and reduce duplicative effort. (b) REPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the results of the review conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 927. ASSESSMENT OF CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER FUNCTIONS IN CONNECTION WITH TRANSITION TO ENTERPRISEWIDE MANAGEMENT OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY AND COMPUTING. 
(a) A SSESSMENT REQUIRED .—The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense shall, in conjunction with the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, conduct an assessment of chief information officer functions in the Department of Defense with a view toward the rationalization of such functions across the Defense Agencies and Department of Defense Field Activities in a manner consistent with the plans of the Department for a transition to enterprisewide management of information technology (IT) networks and computing. (b) ELEMENTS .—The assessment conducted pursuant to subsection (a) shall result in the following: (1) A determination of the number, duties and responsibilities, and grades of personnel performing management and oversight of information technology activities. (2) Recommendations for the role the Chief Information Officer in managing the information technology workforce in the Office of the Secretary of Defense, and for selecting and approving personnel for the information technology workforces of the military departments, Defense Agencies, and Department of Defense Field Activities. (c) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Chief Information Officer and the Chief Management Officer shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a report that sets forth a description of the results of the assessment conducted pursuant to subsection (a), including a description of any actions proposed as a result of the assessment to achieve enterprisewide efficiencies in the management of information technology networks and computing. (d) PLANREQUIRED .—Not later than January 1, 2020, the Chief Information Officer and the Chief Management Officer shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a plan to carry out the proposed actions described in subsection (c). 
SEC. 928. COMPTROLLER GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES REPORT ON CROSS ENTERPRISE ACTIVITIES OF THE INSPECTORS GENERAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on crossenterprise activities of the Inspectors General of the organizations and elements of the Department of Defense, including public affairs, human resources, services contracting, other contracting, and any other crossenterprise activities of the Inspectors General the Comptroller General considers appropriate for purposes of the report. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall identify with respect to the activities referred to in that subsection the following: (1) Opportunities to maximize efficiency. (2) Opportunities to minimize duplication of effort, including through reduction or elimination of duplicative functions. (3) Any other matters the Comptroller General considers appropriate. 
(a) C ONSOLIDATED REPORT .—The plans and reports required to be submitted to the congressional defense committees under this subtitle on or before March 1, 2020, may be combined and submitted in the form of a single, consolidated document. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this subtitle, the terms ‘‘Defense Agency’’, ‘‘Department of Defense Field Activity’’, and ‘‘military departments’’ have the meanings given the terms in section 101(a) of title 10, United States Code. Subtitle D—Other Department of Defense Organization and Management Matters 
SEC. 931. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR MAJOR HEADQUARTERS ACTIVITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) C ERTIFICATION ON AVERAGE AMOUNTS EXPENDED ON MAJOR HEADQUARTERS ACTIVITIES .— Not later than February 1, 2019, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that certifies each of the following percentages in connection with amounts expended on major headquarters activities: (1) The average percentage of the amount authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense per fiscal year, during the 10 fiscal years ending with fiscal year 2018, that has been expended on major headquarters activities. (2) The average percentage of the amount authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense per fiscal year, during the 10 fiscal years ending with fiscal year 2018, that has been expended on major headquarters activities of the Office of the Secretary of Defense. (3) The average percentage of the amount authorized to be appropriated for each military department per fiscal year, during the 10 fiscal years ending with fiscal year 2018, that has been expended on major headquarters activities of such military department. (4) The average percentage of the amount authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense per fiscal year, during the 10 fiscal years ending with fiscal year 2018, and available for the combatant commands that has been spent on major headquarters activities of the combatant commands. (b) OVERALL LIMITATION .—In fiscal year 2021, the aggregate amount that may be obligated and expended on major headquarters activities may not exceed an amount equal to the percentage specified in subsection (a)(1) of the amount authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for that fiscal year. (c) LIMITATION FOR PARTICULAR ACTIVITIES .— Within the amount available for fiscal year 2021 pursuant to subsection (b), amounts shall be available as follows: (1) For major headquarters activities of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, not more than an amount equal to the percentage specified in subsection (a)(2) of the amount authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2021. (2) For major headquarters activities of each military department, not more than an amount equal to the percentage specified in subsection (a)(3) with respect to such military department of the amount authorized to be appropriated for such military department for fiscal year 2021. (3) For major headquarters activities of the combatant commands, not more than an amount equal to the percentage specified in subsection (a)(4) of the amount authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2021 and available for the combatant commands. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘major headquarters activities’’ has the meaning given the term ‘‘major Department of Defense headquarters activities’’ in section 346(b)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 111 note). (2) The term ‘‘major headquarters activities of a military department’’ means the following: (A) In the case of the Army, the Office of the Secretary of the Army and the Army Staff. (B) In the case of the Navy, the Office of the Secretary of the Navy, the Office of the Chief of Naval Operations, and Headquarters, Marine Corps. (C) In the case of the Air Force, the Office of the Secretary of the Air Force and the Air Staff. (3) The term ‘‘Office of the Secretary of Defense’’ includes the Joint Staff. SEC. 932. JOHN S. MCCAIN STRATEGIC DEFENSE FELLOWS PROGRAM. 
(a) F ELLOWSHIP PROGRAM .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish within the Department of Defense a civilian fellowship program designed to provide leadership development and the commencement of a career track toward senior leadership in the Department. (2) DESIGNATION .—The fellowship program shall be known as the ‘‘John S. McCain Strategic Defense Fellows Program’’ (in this section referred to as the ‘‘fellows program’’). (b) ELIGIBILITY .—An individual is eligible for participation in the fellows program if the individual— (1) is a citizen of the United States or a lawful permanent resident of the United States in the year in which the individual applies for participation in the fellows program; and (2) either— (A) possesses a graduate degree from an accredited institution of higher education in the United States that was awarded not later than two years before the date of the acceptance of the individual into the fellows program; or (B) will be awarded a graduate degree from an accredited institution of higher education in the United States not later than six months after the date of the acceptance of the individual into the fellows program. (c) APPLICATION .— (1) APPLICATION REQUIRED .—Each individual seeking to participate in the fellows program shall submit to the Secretary of Defense an application therefor at such time and in such manner as the Secretary shall specify. (2) ELEMENTS .—Each application of an individual under this subsection shall include the following: (A) Transcripts of educational achievement at the undergraduate and graduate level. (B) A resume. (C) Proof of citizenship or lawful permanent residence. (D) An endorsement from the applicant’s graduate institution of higher education. (E) An academic writing sample. (F) Letters of recommendation addressing the applicant’s character, academic ability, and any extracurricular activities. (G) A personal statement by the applicant explaining career areas of interest and motivations for service in the Department. (H) Such other information as the Secretary considers appropriate. (d) SELECTION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Each year, the Secretary of Defense shall select participants in the fellows program from among applicants for the fellows program for such year who qualify for participation in the fellows program based on character, commitment to public service, academic achievement, extracurricular activities, and such other qualifications for participation in the fellows program as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) NUMBER .—The number of individuals selected to participate in the fellows program in any year may not exceed the numbers as follows: (A) Ten individuals from each geographic region of the United States as follows: (i) The Northeast. (ii) The Southeast. (iii) The Midwest. (iv) The Southwest. (v) The West. (B) Ten additional individuals. (3) BACKGROUND INVESTIGATION .—An indi vidual selected to participate in the fellows program may not participate in the program unless the individual successfully undergoes a background investigation applicable to the position to which the individual will be assigned under the fellows program and otherwise meets such requirements applicable to assignment to a sensitive position within the Department that the Secretary considers appropriate. (e) ASSIGNMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Each individual who participates in the fellows program shall be assigned to a position in one of the following: (A) The Office of the Secretary of Defense. (B) An office of the Secretary of a military department. (2) POSITION REQUIREMENTS .—Each Secretary of a military department, and each Under Secretary of Defense and Director of a Defense Agency who reports directly to the Secretary of Defense, shall submit to the Secretary of Defense each year the qualifications and skills to be demonstrated by participants in the fellows program to qualify for assignment under this subsection for service in a position of the office of such Secretary, Under Secretary, or Director. (3) ASSIGNMENT TO POSITIONS .—The Secretary of Defense shall each year assign participants in the fellows program to positions in the offices of the Secretaries of the military departments, and the offices of the Under Secretaries and Directors described in paragraph (2). In making such assignments, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to best match the qualifications and skills of participants in the fellows program with the requirements of positions available for assignment. Each participant so assigned shall serve as a special assistant to the Secretary, Under Secretary, or Director to whom assigned. (4) LIMITATION ON NUMBER ASSIGNABLE TO  
SECRETARIES OF MILITARY DEPARTMENTS .—The number of participants in the fellows program who are assigned to the office of a Secretary of a military department in any year may not exceed five participants. (5) TERM.—The term of each assignment under the fellows program shall be one year. (6) PAY AND BENEFITS .—An individual assigned to a position under the fellows program shall be compensated at the rate of compensation for employees at level GS–10 of the General Schedule, and shall be treated as an employee of the United States during the term of assignment, including for purposes of eligibility for health care benefits and retirement benefits available to employees of the United States. (7) EDUCATION LOAN REPAYMENT .—To the extent that funds are provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the Secretary of Defense may repay any loan of a participant in the fellows program if the loan is described by subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of section 16301(a)(1) of title 10, United States Code. Any repayment of loans under this paragraph shall be on a first come, firstserved basis. (f) CAREER DEVELOPMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that participants in the fellows program— (A) receive opportunities and support appropriate for the commencement of a career track within the Department leading toward a future position of senior leadership within the Department, including ongoing mentorship support through appropriate personnel from entities within the Department such as the Defense Business Board and the Defense Innovation Board; and (B) are provided appropriate opportunities for employment and advancement within the Department upon successful completion of the fellows program, including, if appropriate, opportunities to work at Department installations or Field Activities for between 12 and 24 months. 
(2) R ESERVATION OF POSITIONS .—In carrying out paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary shall reserve for participants who successfully complete the fellows program not fewer than 30 positions in the excepted service within the Department that are suitable for the commencement of a career track toward senior leadership within the Department. Any position so reserved shall not be subject to or covered by any reduction in headquarters personnel required under any other provision of law. (3) NONCOMPETITIVE APPOINTMENT .—Upon the successful completion of the assignment of a participant in the fellows program in a position pursuant to subsection (e), the Secretary may, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, appoint the participant to a position reserved pursuant to paragraph (2) if the Secretary determines that such appointment will contribute to the development of highly qualified future senior leaders for the Department. (4) PUBLICATION OF SELECTION .—The Sec retary shall publish on an Internet website of the Department available to the public the names of the individuals selected to participate in the fellows program. (g) OUTREACH .—The Secretary of Defense shall undertake appropriate outreach to inform potential participants in the fellows program of the nature and benefits of participation in the fellows program. (h) REGULATIONS .—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out this section in accordance with such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe for purposes of this section. (i) FUNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for each fiscal year for the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance, Defensewide, $10,000,000 may be available to carry out the fellows program in such fiscal year. 
SEC. 933. PERFORMANCE OF CIVILIAN FUNCTIONS BY MILITARY PERSONNEL. 
Section 129a(g)(1)(A) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, including a permanent conversion’’ and all that follows through the semicolon and inserting ‘‘is costeffective, taking into account the fullyburdened costs of the civilian, military, and contractor workforces, including the impact of the performance of such functions on military career progression or when required by military necessity;’’. 
SEC. 934. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF REQUIREMENTS ON ESTIMATION AND COMPARISON OF COSTS OF CIVILIAN AND MILITARY MANPOWER AND CONTRACT SUPPORT FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the implementation of Department of Defense Instruction 7041.04. The report shall include an assessment whether the Department of Defense is properly using civilian personnel in its workforce in the most costefficient manner when compared to its use of military and contractor personnel in its workforce. 
SEC. 935. REVIEW OF FOREIGN CURRENCY EXCHANGE RATES AND ANALYSIS OF FOREIGN CURRENCY FLUCTUATIONS, DEFENSE APPROPRIATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall, in coordination with the Comptrollers of the military departments, conduct a review of the exchange rates for foreign currency used when making a disbursement pursuant to any expenditure or expense made by the Department of Defense in order to determine whether costsavings could be achieved through a more consistent selection of costeffective rates in the making of such disbursements. The review shall include an analysis of realized and projected losses on foreign currency exchange in order to determine an appropriate balance for the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense’’ account. (b) REPORT .—Not later than January 31, 2019, the Under Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a summary of the review conducted pursuant to subsection (a). 
SEC. 936. RESPONSIBILITY FOR POLICY ON CIVILIAN CASUALTY MATTERS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF SENIOR CIVILIAN OFFICIAL.—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy shall designate a senior civilian official of the Department of Defense within the Office of the Secretary of Defense at or above the level of Assistant Secretary of Defense to develop, coordinate, and oversee compliance with the policy of the Department relating to civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations. (b) RESPONSIBILITIES .—The senior civilian official designated under subsection (a) shall ensure that the policy referred to in that subsection provides for— (1) uniform processes and standards across the combatant commands for accurately recording kinetic strikes by the United States military; (2) the development and dissemination of best practices for reducing the likelihood of civilian casualties from United States military operations; (3) the development of publicly available means, including an Internetbased mechanism, for the submittal to the United States Government of allegations of civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations; (4) uniform processes and standards across the combatant commands for reviewing and investigating allegations of civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations, including the consideration of relevant information from all available sources; (5) uniform processes and standards across the combatant commands for— (A) acknowledging the responsibility of the United States military for civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations; and (B) offering ex gratia payments to civilians who have been injured, or to the families of civilians killed, as a result of United States military operations, as determined to be necessary by the designated senior civilian official; (6) regular engagement with relevant intergovernmental and nongovernmental organizations; (7) public affairs guidance with respect to matters relating to civilian casualties alleged or confirmed to have resulted from United States military operations; and (8) such other matters with respect to civilian casualties resulting from United States military operations as the designated senior civilian official considers appropriate. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the senior civilian official designated under subsection (a) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that describes— (1) the policy developed by the senior civilian official under that subsection; and (2) the efforts of the Department to implement such policy. 
SEC. 937. ADDITIONAL MATTERS IN CONNECTION WITH BACKGROUND AND SECURITY INVESTIGATIONS FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PERSONNEL. 
Section 925(k)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (H) through (L) as subparagraphs (I) through (M), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (G) the following new subparagraph (H): ‘‘(H) The number of denials or revocations of a security clearance by each authorized adjudicative agency that occurred separately from a periodic reinvestigation.’’. SEC. 938. RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT TO ADVANCE CAPABILITIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN DATA INTEGRATION AND ADVANCED ANALYTICS IN CONNECTION WITH PERSONNEL SECURITY. 
(a) P LANREQUIRED .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence shall develop a plan on research and development activities to advance the capabilities of the Department of Defense in data integration and advanced analytics in connection with personnel security activities of the Department. The plan shall, to the extent practicable, provide for the leveraging of the capabilities of other government entities, institutions of higher education, and private sector entities with advanced, leadingedge expertise in data integration and analytics applicable to the challenges faced by the Department in connection with personnel security. (b) COORDINATION .—Any activities under the plan may be carried out in coordination with the Defense Digital Service and the Defense Innovation Board. (c) BRIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary shall provide to the appropriate committees of Congress a briefing on the plan. (d) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. Subtitle E—Other Matters 
SEC. 941. TRUSTED INFORMATION PROVIDER PROGRAM FOR NATIONAL SECURITY POSITIONS AND POSITIONS OF TRUST. 
(a) P ROGRAM REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent and the Suitability/Credentialing Executive Agent shall establish and implement a program (to be known as the ‘‘Trusted Information Provider Program’’) to share between and among agencies of the Federal Government and industry partners of the Federal Government relevant background information regarding individuals applying for and currently occupying national security positions and positions of trust, in order to ensure the Federal Government maintains a trusted workforce. (b) PRIVACY SAFEGUARDS .—The Security Executive Agent and the Suitability/Credentialing Executive Agent shall ensure that the program required by subsection (a) includes such safeguards for privacy as the Security Executive Agent and the Suitability/Credentialing Executive Agent consider appropriate. (c) PROVISION OF INFORMATION TO THE FEDERAL GOVERNMENT .—The program required by subsection (a) shall include requirements that enable Investigative Service Providers and agencies of the Federal Government to leverage certain preemployment information gathered during the employment or military recruiting process, and other relevant security or human resources information obtained during employment with or for the Federal Government, that satisfy Federal investigative standards, while safeguarding personnel privacy. (d) INFORMATION AND RECORDS .—The information and records considered under the program required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Date and place of birth. (2) Citizenship or immigration and naturalization information. (3) Education records. (4) Employment records. (5) Employment or social references. (6) Military service records. (7) State and local law enforcement checks, 
(8) Criminal history checks. (9) Financial records or information. (10) Foreign travel, relatives or associations. (11) Social media checks. (12) Any other information or records relevant to obtaining or maintaining national security, suitability, fitness, or credentialing eligibility. (e) IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent and the Suitability/ Credentialing Executive Agent shall jointly submit to Congress a plan for the implementation of the program required by subsection (a). (2) ELEMENTS .—The plan required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Mechanisms that address privacy, national security, suitability or fitness, credentialing, and human resources or military recruitment processes. (B) Such recommendations for legislative or administrative action as the Security Executive Agent and the Suitability/Credentialing Executive Agent consider appropriate to carry out or improve the program. (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ means the Director of National Intelligence acting as the Security Executive Agent in accordance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). (2) The term ‘‘Suitability/Credentialing Executive Agent’’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management acting as the Suitability/Credentialing Executive Agent in accordance with Executive Order 13467. 
SEC. 942. REPORT ON EXPEDITED PROCESSING OF SECURITY CLEARANCES FOR MISSIONCRITICAL POSITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent shall submit to Congress a report on the feasibility and advisability of, and existing barriers to, programs for expedited processing of security clearances for missioncritical positions, whether filled by Government or contract employees. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Recommendations for the establishment by Government agencies of programs designed to prioritize processing of security clearances among their Government and contract employees seeking security clearances. (2) Proposed timeliness for the implementation of programs recommended pursuant to paragraph (1). (3) Recommendations for legislative or administrative actions to enable and improve programs of Government agencies for the expedited processing of security clearances for missioncritical positions. (c) SECURITY EXECUTIVE AGENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ means the Director of National Intelligence acting as the Security Executive Agent in accordance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Security Executive Agent shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the requirements, feasibility, and advisability of implementing a clearance in person concept as described in subsection (b) for maintaining access to classified information. (b) CLEARANCE IN PERSON CONCEPT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Implementation of a clearance in person concept as described in this subsection would permit an individual who has been granted a national security clearance to maintain eligibility for access to classified information, networks, and facilities after the individual has separated from service to the Federal Government or transferred to a position that no longer requires access to classified information. (2) RECOGNITION AS CURRENT .—The concept described in paragraph (1) would also ensure that, unless otherwise directed by the Security Executive Agent, the individual’s security clearance would be recognized as current, regardless of employment status, with no further need for investigation or revalidation until the individual obtains a position requiring access to classified information. (c) CONTENTS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall address the following: (1) Requirements for continuous vetting. (2) Appropriate safeguards for privacy. (3) An appropriate funding model. (4) Fairness to small business concerns and independent contractors. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘Security Executive Agent’’ means the Director of National Intelligence acting as the Security Executive Agent in accordance with Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note). TITLE X—GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Financial Matters Sec. 1001. General transfer authority. Sec. 1002. Expertise in audit remediation. Sec. 1003. Authority to transfer funds to Director of National Intelligence for CAPNET. Sec. 1004. Audit of financial systems of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1005. Report on auditable financial statements. Sec. 1006. Transparency of accounting firms used to support Department of Defense audit. Subtitle B—Naval Vessels and Shipyards Sec. 1011. Inclusion of operation and sustainment costs in annual naval vessel construction plans. Sec. 1012. Purchase of vessels using funds in National Defense Sealift Fund. Sec. 1013. Purchase of vessels built in foreign shipyards with funds in National Defense Sealift Fund. Sec. 1014. Date of listing of vessels as battle force ships in the Naval Vessel Register and other fleet inventory measures. Sec. 1015. Technical corrections and clarifications to chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, and other provisions of law regarding naval vessels. Sec. 1016. Dismantlement and disposal of nuclearpowered aircraft carriers. Sec. 1017. Limitation on use of funds for retirement of hospital ships. Sec. 1018. Inclusion of aircraft carrier refueling overhaul budget request in annual budget justification materials. Sec. 1019. Business case analysis of Ready Reserve Force recapitalization options. Sec. 1020. Transfer of excess naval vessel to Bahrain. Subtitle C—Counterterrorism Sec. 1031. Definition of sensitive military operation. Sec. 1032. Extension of prohibition on use of funds to close or relinquish control of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1033. Prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States. Sec. 1034. Prohibition on use of funds to construct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. Sec. 1035. Prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to certain countries. Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations Sec. 1041. Strategic guidance documents within the Department of Defense. Sec. 1042. Notification on the provision of defense sensitive support. Sec. 1043. Coordinating United States response to malign foreign influence operations and campaigns. Sec. 1044. Clarification of reimbursable allowed costs of FAA memoranda of agreement. Sec. 1045. Workforce issues for military realignments in the Pacific. Sec. 1046. Mitigation of operational risks posed to certain military aircraft by automatic dependent surveillance broadcast equipment. Sec. 1047. Limitation on availability of funds for unmanned surface vehicles. Sec. 1048. Pilot program for Department of Defense controlled unclassified information in the hands of industry. Sec. 1049. Critical technologies list. Sec. 1050. Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry. Sec. 1051. National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence. Sec. 1052. Authority to transfer funds for Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup. Sec. 1053. Guidance on the electronic warfare mission area and joint electromagnetic spectrum operations. Subtitle E—Studies and Reports Sec. 1061. Annual reports by the Armed Forces on OutYear Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirements and Out Year inventory numbers. Sec. 1062. Improvement of annual report on civilian casualties in connection with United States military operations. Sec. 1063. Report on capabilities and capacities of Armored Brigade Combat Teams. Sec. 1064. Activities and reporting relating to Department of Defense’s Cloud Initiative. Sec. 1065. Limitation on use of funds for United States Special Operations Command Global Messaging and CounterMessaging platform. Sec. 1066. Comprehensive review of professionalism and ethics programs for special operations forces. Sec. 1067. Munitions assessments and future years defense program requirements. Sec. 1068. Report on establishment of Army Futures Command. Sec. 1069. Report on cyberenabled information operations. Sec. 1070. Report on unmanned aircraft in Arlington National Cemetery. Sec. 1071. Report on an updated Arctic strategy. 
Sec. 1072. Report on use and availability of military installations for disaster response. Sec. 1073. Report on Department of Defense participation in Export Administration Regulations license application review process. Sec. 1074. Military aviation readiness review in support of the National Defense Strategy. 
Sec. 1075. Report on highestpriority roles and missions of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 1081. Technical, conforming, and clerical amendments. Sec. 1082. Principal Advisor on Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction. Sec. 1083. Modification of authority to transfer aircraft to other departments for wildfire suppression purposes. Sec. 1084. Improvement of database on emergency response capabilities. Sec. 1085. Disclosure requirements for United Statesbased foreign media outlets. Sec. 1086. United States policy with respect to freedom of navigation and overflight. Sec. 1087. National Commission on Military Aviation Safety. Sec. 1088. Sense of Congress regarding the international borders of the United States. Sec. 1089. Policy on response to juvenileonjuvenile problematic sexual behavior committed on military installations. Sec. 1090. Recognition of America’s veterans. Sec. 1091. Prohibition of funds for Chinese language instruction provided by a Confucius Institute. Sec. 1092. Department of Defense engagement with certain nonprofit entities in support of missions of deployed United States personnel around the world. Subtitle A—Financial Matters 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA TIONS .— (1) AUTHORITY .—Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this division for fiscal year 2019 between any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. (2) LIMITATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), the total amount of authorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this section may not exceed $4,500,000,000. (3) EXCEPTION FOR TRANSFERS BETWEEN MILI TARY PERSONNEL AUTHORIZATIONS .—A transfer of funds between military personnel authorizations under title IV shall not be counted toward the dollar limitation in paragraph (2). (b) LIMITATIONS .—The authority provided by subsection (a) to transfer authorizations— (1) may only be used to provide authority for items that have a higher priority than the items from which authority is transferred; and (2) may not be used to provide authority for an item that has been denied authorization by Congress. (c) EFFECT ON AUTHORIZATION AMOUNTS .—A transfer made from one account to another under the authority of this section shall be deemed to increase the amount authorized for the account to which the amount is transferred by an amount equal to the amount transferred. (d) NOTICE TO CONGRESS .—The Secretary shall promptly notify Congress of each transfer made under subsection (a). 
(a) T ECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .— (1) ELIMINATION OF DUPLICATIVE SECTION  
NUMBERS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 9A of title 10, United States Code, is amended by redesignating sections 251 through 254b as sections 240a through 240f, respectively. (B) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by striking the items relating to sections 251 through 254b and inserting the following new items: ‘‘240a. Audit of Department of Defense financial statements. ‘‘240b. Financial Improvement and Audit Remediation Plan. ‘‘240c. Audit: consolidated corrective action plan; centralized reporting system. ‘‘240d. Audits: audit of financial statements of Department of Defense components by independent external auditors. ‘‘240e. Audits: use of commercial data integration and analysis products in preparing audits. ‘‘240f. Audits: selection of service providers for audit services.’’. (2) OTHER TECHNICAL CORRECTION .—Section 240b of title 10, United States Code, as redesignated by paragraph (1), is amended in subsection (a)(2) by redesignating the second clause (iii) and clause (iv) as clauses (iv) and (v), respectively. (b) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR SEMIANNUAL BRIEFING ON THE FINANCIAL IMPROVE MENT AND AUDIT REMEDIATION PLAN.—Para graph (2) of subsection (b) of section 240b of title 10, United States Code, as redesignated by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘Such briefing shall include both the absolute number and percentage of personnel performing the amount of auditing or audit remediation services being performed by professionals meeting the qualifications described in section 240d(b) of this title.’’. (c) ADDITIONAL REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— Paragraph (1) of such subsection is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by adding at the end the following new clauses: ‘‘(vii) If less than 50 percent of the auditing services or if less than 50 percent of the audit remediation services under contract, as described in the briefing required under paragraph (2), are being performed by professionals meeting the qualifications described in section 240d(b) of this title, a detailed description of the risks associated with the risks of the acquisition strategy of the Department with respect to conducting audits and audit remediation activities and an explanation of how the strategy complies with the policies expressed by Congress. ‘‘(viii) If less than 25 percent of the auditing services or if less than 25 percent of the audit remediation services under contract, as described in the briefing required under paragraph (2), are being performed by professionals meeting the qualifications described in section 240d(b) of this title, a written certification that the staffing ratio complies with commercial best practices and presents no increased risk of delay in the Department’s ability to achieve a clean audit opinion.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(i) UNCLASSIFIED FORM .—A description submitted pursuant to clause (vii) of subparagraph (B) or a certification submitted pursuant to clause (viii) of such subparagraph shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. ‘‘(ii) DELEGATION .—The Secretary may not delegate the submission of a certification pursuant to clause (viii) of subparagraph (B) to any official other than the Deputy Secretary of Defense, the Chief Management Officer, or the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller).’’. 
SEC. 1003. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS TO DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE FOR CAPNET. 
During fiscal year 2019, the Secretary of Defense may transfer to the Director of National Intelligence, under the authority in section 1001 of this Act, an amount that does not exceed $2,000,000 to provide support for the operation of the classified network known as CAPNET. SEC. 1004. AUDIT OF FINANCIAL SYSTEMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
The Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) or an appropriate official of a military department, shall ensure that each major implementation of, or modification to, a business system that contributes to financial information of the Department of Defense is reviewed by professional accountants with experience reviewing Federal financial systems to validate that such financial system will meet any applicable Federal requirements. The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that such accountants— (1) are provided all necessary data and records; and (2) report independently on their findings. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report ranking all military departments and Defense Agencies in order of how advanced they are in achieving auditable financial statements as required by law. The report should not include information otherwise available in other reports to Congress. 
SEC. 1006. TRANSPARENCY OF ACCOUNTING FIRMS USED TO SUPPORT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUDIT. 
For all contract actions (including awards, renewals, and amendments) occurring more than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall require any accounting firm providing financial statement auditing or audit remediation services to the Department of Defense in support of the audit required under section 3521 of title 31, United States Code, to provide the Department with a statement setting forth the details of any disciplinary proceedings with respect to the accounting firm or its associated persons before any entity with the authority to enforce compliance with rules or laws applying to audit services offered by accounting firms. Subtitle B—Naval Vessels and Shipyards 
SEC. 1011. INCLUSION OF OPERATION AND SUSTAINMENT COSTS IN ANNUAL NAVAL VESSEL CONSTRUCTION PLANS. 
Section 231(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) The estimated operations and sustainment costs required to support the vessels delivered under the naval vessel construction plan.’’. 
SEC. 1012. PURCHASE OF VESSELS USING FUNDS IN NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND. 
Section 2218(f)(3) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘two’’ and inserting ‘‘seven’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘ships’’ and inserting ‘‘vessels’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (F); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraph (E): ‘‘(E) The Secretary may not use the authority under this paragraph to procure more than two foreign constructed vessels unless the Secretary submits to Congress, by not later than the second week of February of the fiscal year during which the Secretary plans to use such authority, a certification that— ‘‘(i) the Secretary has initiated an acquisition strategy for the construction in United States shipyards of not less than ten new sealift vessels; and ‘‘(ii) of such new sealift vessels, the lead ship is anticipated to be delivered by not later than 2026.’’. 
SEC. 1013. PURCHASE OF VESSELS BUILT IN FOREIGN SHIPYARDS WITH FUNDS IN NATIONAL DEFENSE SEALIFT FUND. 
Section 2218(f)(3) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1012, is further amended— (1) in subparagraph (F), as redesignated by such section 1012— (A) by striking ‘‘30 days after’’ and inserting ‘‘30 days before’’; (B) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘proposed’’ before ‘‘date’’; (C) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘was’’ and inserting ‘‘would be’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(viii) A detailed account of the criteria used to make the determination under subparagraph (B).’’; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (F), as so redesignated, the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(G) The Secretary may not finalize or execute the final purchase of any vessel using the authority under this paragraph until 30 days after the date on which a report under subparagraph (E) is submitted with respect to such purchase.’’. 
SEC. 1014. DATE OF LISTING OF VESSELS AS BATTLE FORCE SHIPS IN THE NAVAL VESSEL REGISTER AND OTHER FLEET INVENTORY MEASURES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7301 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d); and (2) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) LISTING AS BATTLE FORCE SHIP IN NAVAL VESSEL REGISTER .—A covered vessel may not be listed in the Naval Vessel Register or other fleet inventory measures as a battle force ship until the delivery date specified in subsection (a).’’. (b) DEFINITIONS .—Such section is further amended by striking subsection (d), as redesignated by subsection (a)(1) of this section, and inserting the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘covered vessel’ means any vessel of the Navy that is under construction or constructed using amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for shipbuilding and conversion, Navy. ‘‘(2) The term ‘battle force ship’ means the following: ‘‘(A) A commissioned United States Ship warship capable of contributing to combat operations. ‘‘(B) A United States Naval Ship that contributes directly to Navy warfighting or support missions.’’. 
SEC. 1015. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS AND CLARIFICATIONS TO CHAPTER 633 OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE, AND OTHER PROVISIONS OF LAW REGARDING NAVAL VESSELS. 
(a) M ODEL BASIN; INVESTIGATION OF HULL DESIGNS .—Section 7303 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(a) An office’’ and all that follows through ‘‘(b) The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’. (b) REPEAL OF UNDER AGE VESSELS PROVISION.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 7295 of title 10, United States Code, is repealed: (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 633 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 7295. (c) OTHER PROVISIONS OF LAW.— (1) REPEAL OF POLICY RELATING TO MAJOR  
THE UNITED STATES NAVY .—Section 1012 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 303; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (2) REPEAL OF ALTERNATIVE TECHNOLOGIES  
FOR FUTURE SURFACE COMBATANTS .—Section 128 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2109; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (3) REPEAL OF PROVISION ON CONSIDERATION  
CONTRACTS FOR SEALIFT VESSELS .—Section 375 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484; 106 Stat. 2385; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (4) REPEAL OF PROVISION ON REVITALIZATION  
OF UNITED STATES SHIPBUILDING INDUSTRY .—Sec tion 1031 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484; 106 Stat. 2489; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (5) REPEAL OF FAST SEALIFT PROGRAM .—Sec tion 1021 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1993 (Public Law 102–484; 106 Stat. 2485; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (6) REPEAL OF OBSOLETE REQUIREMENT FOR  
PLANS ON MARITIME INDUSTRIES .—Section 1227 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1989 (Public Law 100–456; 102 Stat. 2055; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (7) REPEAL OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF PUBLIC  
AND PRIVATE SHIPYARDS FOR CONVERSION , OVER HAUL , OR REPAIR WORK UNDER CERTAIN PRO GRAMS .—Section 811 of the Department of Defense Appropriation Authorization Act, 1979 (Public Law 95–485; 92 Stat. 1624; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. (8) REPEAL OF OBSOLETE REQUIREMENT TO  
SUBMIT A FIVE YEAR NAVAL SHIP NEW CONSTRUC TION AND CONVERSION PROGRAM .—Section 808 of the Department of Defense Appropriation Authorization Act, 1976 (Public Law 94–106; 89 Stat. 539; 10 U.S.C. 7291 note) is repealed. 
SEC. 1016. DISMANTLEMENT AND DISPOSAL OF NUCLEARPOWERED AIRCRAFT CARRIERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 323, is further amended by adding after section 7320, as added by such section 323, the following new section: ‘‘§ 7321. Nuclearpowered aircraft carriers: dismantlement and disposal ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not less than 90 days before the award of a contract for the dismantlement and disposal of a nuclearpowered aircraft carrier, or the provision of funds to a naval shipyard for the dismantlement and disposal of a nuclearpowered aircraft carrier, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: ‘‘(1) A cost and schedule baseline for the dismantlement and disposal approved by the service acquisition executive of the Department of the Navy and the Chief of Naval Operations. ‘‘(2) A description of the regulatory framework applicable to the management of radioactive materials in connection with the dismantlement and disposal, including, in cases in which the Navy intends to have another government entity serve as the regulatory enforcement authority— ‘‘(A) a certification from that entity of its agreement to serve as the regulatory enforcement authority; and ‘‘(B) a description of the legal basis for the authority of that entity to serve as the regulatory enforcement authority. ‘‘(b) SUPPLEMENTAL INFORMATION WITH BUDGETS .—In the materials submitted to Congress by the Secretary of Defense in support of the budget of the President for a fiscal year (as submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31), the Secretary of the Navy shall include information on each dismantlement and disposal of a nuclearpowered aircraft carrier occurring or planned to occur during the period of the futureyears defense program submitted to Congress with that budget. Such information shall include, by ship concerned, the following: ‘‘(1) A summary of activities and significant developments in connection with such dismantlement and disposal. ‘‘(2) If applicable, a detailed description of cost and schedule performance against the baseline for such dismantlement and disposal established pursuant to subsection (a), including a description of and explanation for any variance from such baseline. ‘‘(3) A description of the amounts requested, or intended or estimated to be requested, for such dismantlement and disposal for each of the following: ‘‘(A) Each fiscal year covered by the future years defense program. ‘‘(B) Any fiscal years before the fiscal years covered by the futureyears defense program. ‘‘(C) Any fiscal years after the end of the period of the futureyears defense program. ‘‘(c) FUTURE YEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘futureyears defense program’ means the futureyears defense program required by section 221 of this title.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 633 of such title, as amended by section 323, is further amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘7321. Nuclearpowered aircraft carriers: dismantlement and disposal.’’. 
SEC. 1017. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR RETIREMENT OF HOSPITAL SHIPS. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Except as provided in subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Navy may be obligated or expended to retire, prepare to retire, transfer, or place in storage any hospital ship. (b) WAIVER .—The Secretary of the Navy may waive the limitation in subsection (a) with respect to a hospital ship if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary has— (1) identified a replacement capability, and the necessary quantity of systems, to meet all hospital ship requirements of the combatant commands that are currently being met by such hospital ship; (2) achieved initial operational capability of all systems described in paragraph (1); and (3) deployed a sufficient quantity of systems described in paragraph (1) that have achieved initial operational capability in order to continue to meet or exceed all requirements of the combatant commands that are currently being met by such hospital ship. 
SEC. 1018. INCLUSION OF AIRCRAFT CARRIER REFUELING OVERHAUL BUDGET REQUEST IN ANNUAL BUDGET JUSTIFICATION MATERIALS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall include in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress by the Secretary in support of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2020 and each subsequent fiscal year, as part of the budget request for Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy, a detailed aircraft carrier refueling overhaul budget request, by hull number, including all funding requested for reactor power units and reactor components. 
SEC. 1019. BUSINESS CASE ANALYSIS OF READY RESERVE FORCE RECAPITALIZATION OPTIONS. 
(a) B USINESS CASEANALYSIS REQUIRED .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall, in consultation with the Administrator of the Maritime Administration and the Commander of United States Transportation Command, submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a business case analysis of recapitalization options for the Ready Reserve Force. (b) ELEMENTS .—The business case analysis required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Each sealift capability area, and the associated capacity, for which Ready Reserve Force 
vessels are required to be recapitalized through fiscal year 2048. (2) The categories of vessels being considered in each area specified pursuant to paragraph (1), including the following: (A) United States purposebuilt vessels (such as Common Hull Auxiliary Multimission Platform). (B) United States nonpurpose built vessels (such as vessels formerly engaged in Jones Act trade). (C) Foreignbuilt vessels that participated in the Maritime Security Program. (D) Foreignbuilt vessels that did not participate in the Maritime Security Program. (E) Foreigndesigned, United Statesbuilt vessels. (3) For each category of vessel specified pursuant to paragraph (2), the following: (A) Anticipated availability of vessels within such category in the timeframe needed to meet United States Transportation Command sealift requirements. (B) Anticipated purchase price, if applicable. (C) Anticipated cost and scope of modernization. (D) Anticipated duration of modernization period. (E) Anticipated service life as a Ready Reserve Force vessel. (F) Anticipated military utility. (G) Ability of one such vessel to replace more than one existing Ready Reserve Force vessel. (4) A costbenefit determination on the mix of capabilities and vessels identified pursuant to paragraphs (1) through (3) that could ensure United States Transportation Command sealift requirements are met through fiscal year 2048, which determination shall include a comparison of the useful service life of each category of vessels specified pursuant to paragraph (2) with the costs of such category of vessels. 
SEC. 1020. TRANSFER OF EXCESS NAVAL VESSEL TO BAHRAIN. 
(a) T RANSFER BY GRANT.—The President is authorized to transfer to the Government of Bahrain the OLIVER HAZARD PERRY class guided missile frigate exUSS ROBERT G. BRADLEY (FFG–49) on a grant basis under section 516 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321j). (b) GRANT NOTCOUNTED IN ANNUAL TOTAL OF  TRANSFERRED EXCESS DEFENSE ARTICLES .—The value of the vessel transferred to the Government of Bahrain on a grant basis pursuant to authority provided by subsection (a) shall not be counted against the aggregate value of excess defense articles transferred in any fiscal year under section 516 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321j). (c) COSTS OF TRANSFER .—Any expense incurred by the United States in connection with the transfer authorized by this section shall be charged to the Government of Bahrain notwithstanding section 516(e) of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2321j(e)). (d) REPAIR AND REFURBISHMENT IN UNITED  STATES SHIPYARDS .—To the maximum extent practicable, the President shall require, as a condition of the transfer of a vessel under this section, that the Government of Bahrain have such repair or refurbishment of the vessel as is needed, before the vessel joins the naval forces of that country, performed at a shipyard located in the United States, including a United States Navy shipyard. (e) EXPIRATION OF AUTHORITY .—The authority to transfer a vessel under this section shall expire at the end of the threeyear period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle C—Counterterrorism 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (d) of section 130f of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) SENSITIVE MILITARY OPERATION DEFINED .—(1) Except as provided in paragraph (2), in this section, the term ‘sensitive military operation’ means— ‘‘(A) a lethal operation or capture operation conducted by the armed forces or conducted by a foreign partner in coordination with the armed forces that targets a specific individual or individuals; or ‘‘(B) an operation conducted by the armed forces in selfdefense or in defense of foreign partners, including during a cooperative operation. ‘‘(2) For purposes of this section, the term ‘sensitive military operation’ does not include any operation conducted within Afghanistan, Syria, or Iraq.’’. (b) COLLECTIVE SELFDEFENSE NOTIFICA TION.—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) COLLECTIVE SELFDEFENSE NOTIFICATION  REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 48 hours after the date on which a foreign partner force has been designated as eligible for the provision of collective selfdefense by the armed forces for the purposes of subsection (d)(1)(B), the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees notice in writing of such designation.’’. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that includes— (1) a list of any instance in which a member of the Armed Forces has engaged or been engaged by enemy forces, used selfdefense, or provided collective selfdefense of foreign partner forces in a country other than Afghanistan, Iraq, or Syria since December 26, 2013; and (2) a list of all foreign partner forces outside of Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria for which the United States Armed Forces are authorized to provide collective selfdefense. 
SEC. 1032. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CLOSE OR RELINQUISH CONTROL OF UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
Section 1036 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by inserting ‘‘or 2019’’ after ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’. 
SEC. 1033. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO THE UNITED STATES. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2019, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer of or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after January 20, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1034. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS TO CONSTRUCT OR MODIFY FACILITIES IN THE UNITED STATES TO HOUSE DETAINEES TRANSFERRED FROM UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2019, to construct or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual detained at Guantanamo for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense. (b) EXCEPTION .—The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. (c) INDIVIDUAL DETAINED AT GUANTANAMO  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘individual detained at Guantanamo’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1034(f)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 971; 10 U.S.C. 801 note). 
SEC. 1035. PROHIBITION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR TRANSFER OR RELEASE OF INDIVIDUALS DETAINED AT UNITED STATES NAVAL STATION, GUANTANAMO BAY, CUBA, TO CERTAIN COUNTRIES. 
No amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2019, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release of any individual detained in the custody or under the control of the Department of Defense at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of any country, or any entity within such country, as follows: (1) Libya. (2) Somalia. (3) Syria. (4) Yemen. Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations 
SEC. 1041. STRATEGIC GUIDANCE DOCUMENTS WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
Section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (2) through (4) and inserting the following new paragraphs (2) through (4): ‘‘(2)(A) In implementing the requirement in paragraph (1), the Secretary, with the advice of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall each year provide to the officials and officers referred in paragraph (1)(A) written guidance (to be known as ‘Defense Planning Guidance’) establishing goals, priorities, and objectives, including fiscal constraints, to direct the preparation and review of the program and budget recommendations of all elements of the Department, including— ‘‘(i) the priority military missions of the Department, including the assumed force planning scenarios and constructs; ‘‘(ii) the force size and shape, force posture, defense capabilities, force readiness, infrastructure, organization, personnel, technological innovation, and other elements of the defense program necessary to support the strategy required by paragraph (1); ‘‘(iii) the resource levels projected to be available for the period of time for which such recommendations and proposals are to be effective; and ‘‘(iv) a discussion of any changes in the strategy required by paragraph (1) and assumptions underpinning the strategy, as required by paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) The guidance required by this paragraph shall be produced in February each year in order to support the planning and budget process. A comprehensive briefing on the guidance shall be provided to the congressional defense committees at the same time as the submission of the budget of the President (as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31) for the fiscal year beginning in the year in which such guidance is produced. ‘‘(3)(A) In implementing the requirement in paragraph (1) and in conjunction with the reporting requirement in section 2687a of this title, the Secretary, with the approval of the President and the advice of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall, on the basis provided in subparagraph (E), provide to the officials and officers referred to in paragraph (1)(A) written guidance (to be known as ‘Contingency 
Planning Guidance’ or ‘Guidance for Employment of the Force’) on the preparation and review of contingency and campaign plans, including plans for providing support to civil authorities in an incident of national significance or a catastrophic incident, for homeland defense, and for military support to civil authorities. ‘‘(B) The guidance required by this paragraph shall include the following: ‘‘(i) A description of the manner in which limited existing forces and resources shall be prioritized and apportioned to achieve the objectives described in the strategy required by paragraph (1). ‘‘(ii) A description of the relative priority of contingency and campaign plans, specific force levels, and supporting resource levels projected to be available for the period of time for which such plans are to be effective. ‘‘(C) The guidance required by this paragraph shall include the following: ‘‘(i) Prioritized global, regional, and functional policy objectives that the armed forces should plan to achieve, including plans for deliberate and contingency scenarios. ‘‘(ii) Policy and strategic assumptions that should guide military planning, including the role of foreign partners. ‘‘(iii) Guidance on global posture and global force management. ‘‘(iv) Security cooperation priorities. ‘‘(v) Specific guidance on United States and Department nuclear policy. ‘‘(D) The guidance required by this paragraph shall be the primary source document to be used by the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in— ‘‘(i) executing the global military integration responsibilities described in section 153 of this title; and ‘‘(ii) developing implementation guidance for the Joint Chiefs of Staff and the commanders of the combatant commands. ‘‘(E) The guidance required by this paragraph shall be produced every two years, or more frequently as needed. ‘‘(4)(A) In implementing the requirement in paragraph (1), the Secretary, with the advice of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, shall each year produce, and submit to the congressional defense committees, a report (to be known as the ‘Global Defense Posture Report’) that shall include the following: ‘‘(i) A description of major changes to United States forces, capabilities, and equipment assigned and allocated outside the United States, focused on significant alterations, additions, or reductions to such global defense posture that are required to execute the strategy and plans of the Department. ‘‘(ii) A description of the supporting network of infrastructure, facilities, prepositioned stocks, and war reserve materiel required for execution of major contingency plans of the Department. ‘‘(iii) A list of all enduring locations, including main operating bases, forward operating sites, and cooperative security locations. ‘‘(iv) A description of the status of treaty, access, costsharing, and statusprotection agreements with foreign nations. ‘‘(v) A summary of the priority posture initiatives for each region by the commanders of the combatant commands. ‘‘(vi) For each military department, a summary of the implications for overseas posture of any force structure changes. ‘‘(vii) A description of the costs incurred outside the United States during the preceding fiscal year in connection with operating, maintaining, and supporting United States forces outside the United States for each military department, broken out by country, and whether for operation and maintenance, infrastructure, or transportation. ‘‘(viii) A description of the amount of direct support for the stationing of United States forces provided by each host nation during the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(B) The report required by this paragraph shall be submitted to the congressional defense committees as required by subparagraph (A) by not later than April 30 each year. ‘‘(C) In this paragraph, the term ‘United States’, when used in a geographic sense, includes the territories and possessions of the United States.’’. 
SEC. 1042. NOTIFICATION ON THE PROVISION OF DEFENSE SENSITIVE SUPPORT. 
Section 1055 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) has been requested by the head of a non Department of Defense Federal department or agency who has certified to the Secretary that the department or agency has reasonably attempted to use capabilities and resources internal to the department or agency.’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) REVERSE DEFENSE SENSITIVE SUPPORT RE QUEST .—The Secretary shall notify the congressional defense committees (and the congressional intelligence committees with respect to matters relating to members of the intelligence community) of requests made by the Secretary to a nonDepartment of Defense Federal department or agency for support that requires special protection from disclosure in the same manner and containing the same information as the Secretary notifies such committees of defense sensitive support requests under paragraphs (1) and (3).’’. 
SEC. 1043. COORDINATING UNITED STATES RESPONSE TO MALIGN FOREIGN INFLUENCE OPERATIONS AND CAMPAIGNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 101 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) coordinate, without assuming operational authority, the United States Government response to malign foreign influence operations and campaigns.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(g) COORDINATOR FOR COMBATING MALIGN  FOREIGN INFLUENCE OPERATIONS AND CAMPAIGNS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The President shall designate an employee of the National Security Council to be responsible for the coordination of the interagency process for combating malign foreign influence operations and campaigns. ‘‘(2) CONGRESSIONAL BRIEFING .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not less frequently than twice each year, the employee designated under this subsection, or the employee’s designee, shall provide to the congressional committees specified in subparagraph (B) a briefing on the responsibilities and activities of the employee designated under this subsection. ‘‘(B) COMMITTEES SPECIFIED .—The congressional committees specified in this subparagraph are the following: ‘‘(i) The Committees on Armed Services, Foreign Affairs, and Oversight and Government Reform, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. ‘‘(ii) The Committees on Armed Services, Foreign Relations, and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. ‘‘(h) DEFINITION OF MALIGN FOREIGN INFLUENCE OPERATIONS AND CAMPAIGNS .—In this section, the term ‘malign foreign influence operations and campaigns’ means the coordinated, direct or indirect application of national diplomatic, informational, military, economic, business, corruption, educational, and other capabilities by hostile foreign powers to affect attitudes, behaviors, decisions, or outcomes within the United States.’’. (b) STRATEGY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President, acting through the National Security Council, shall submit to the congressional committees specified in paragraph (2) a strategy to counter malign foreign influence operations and campaigns (as such term is defined in section 101(h) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021), as added by subsection (a)). (2) COMMITTEES SPECIFIED .—The congressional committees specified in this paragraph are the following: (A) The Committees on Armed Services, Foreign Affairs, and Oversight and Government Reform, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (B) The Committees on Armed Services, Foreign Relations, and Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. (c) DEADLINE FOR APPOINTMENT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall designate the employee of the National Security Council to be responsible for the coordination of the interagency process for combating malign foreign influence operations and campaigns pursuant to subsection (g)(1) of section 101 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021), as added by subsection (a)(2). 
SEC. 1044. CLARIFICATION OF REIMBURSABLE ALLOWED COSTS OF FAA MEMORANDA OF AGREEMENT. 
Section 47504(c)(2) of title 49, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (D) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in subparagraph (E) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) to an airport operator of a congested airport (as defined in section 47175) and a unit of local government referred to in paragraph (1)(B) to carry out a project to mitigate noise, if the project— ‘‘(i) consists of— ‘‘(I) replacement windows, doors, and the installation of throughthewall air conditioning units; or ‘‘(II) a contribution of the equivalent costs to be used for reconstruction if reconstruction is the preferred local solution; ‘‘(ii) is located at a school near the airport; and ‘‘(iii) is included in a memorandum of agreement entered into before September 30, 2002, even if the airport has not met the requirements of part 150 of title 14, Code of Federal Regulations, and only if the financial limitations of the memorandum are applied.’’. 
SEC. 1045. WORKFORCE ISSUES FOR MILITARY REALIGNMENTS IN THE PACIFIC. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6(b) of the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘A Joint Resolution to approve the ‘Covenant To Establish a Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in Political Union With the United States of America’, and for other purposes’’, approved March 24, 1976 (48 U.S.C. 1806(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by amending subparagraph (B) to read as follows: ‘‘(B) H2B 
WORKERS .—In the case of an alien described in subparagraph (A) who seeks admission under section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(b)), the alien, if otherwise qualified, may, before December 31, 2023, be admitted under such section, notwithstanding the 
requirement of such section that the service or labor be temporary, for a period of up to 3 years— ‘‘(i) to perform service or labor on Guam or in the Commonwealth pursuant to any agreement entered into by a prime contractor or subcontractor calling for services or labor required for performance of a contact or subcontract for construction, repairs, renovations, or facility services that is directly connected to, or associated with, the military realignment occurring on Guam and in the Commonwealth; or ‘‘(ii) to perform service or labor as a health care worker (such as a nurse, physician assistant, or allied health professional) at a facility that jointly serves members of the Armed Forces, dependents, and civilians on Guam or in the Commonwealth, subject to the education, training, licensing, and other requirements of section 212(a)(5)(C) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(5)(C)), as applicable, except that this clause shall not be construed to include graduates of medical schools coming to Guam or the Commonwealth to perform service or labor as members of the medical profession.’’; and (2) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) LOCATIONS .—Paragraph (1) does not apply with respect to the performance of services of labor at a location other than Guam or the Commonwealth.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1046. MITIGATION OF OPERATIONAL RISKS POSED TO CERTAIN MILITARY AIRCRAFT BY AUTOMATIC DEPENDENT SURVEILLANCEBROADCAST EQUIPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Transportation may not— (1) directly or indirectly require the installation of automatic dependent surveillancebroadcast (hereinafter in this section referred to as ‘‘ADSB’’) equipment on fighter aircraft, bomber aircraft, or other special mission aircraft owned or operated by the Department of Defense; (2) deny or reduce air traffic control services in United States airspace or international airspace delegated to the United States to any aircraft described in paragraph (1) on the basis that such aircraft is not equipped with ADSB equipment; or (3) restrict or limit airspace access for aircraft described in paragraph (1) on the basis such aircraft are not equipped with ADSB equipment. (b) TERMINATION .—Subsection (a) shall cease to be effective on the date that the Secretary of Transportation and the Secretary of Defense jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees notice that the Secretaries have entered into a memorandum of agreement or other similar agreement providing that fighter aircraft, bomber aircraft, and other special mission aircraft owned or operated by the Department of Defense that are not equipped or not yet equipped with ADSB equipment will be reasonably accommodated for safe operations in the National Airspace System and provided with necessary air traffic control services. (c) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to— (1) vest in the Secretary of Defense any authority of the Secretary of Transportation or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration under title 49, United States Code, or any other provision of law; (2) vest in the Secretary of Transportation or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration any authority of the Secretary of Defense under title 10, United States Code, or any other provision of law; or (3) limit the authority or discretion of the Secretary of Transportation or the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration to operate air traffic control services to ensure the safe minimum separation of aircraft in flight and the efficient use of airspace. (d) NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENT .—The Sec retary of Defense shall provide to the Secretary of Transportation notification of any aircraft the Secretary of Defense designates as a special mission aircraft pursuant to subsection (e)(3). (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘air traffic control services’’ means services used for the monitoring, directing, control, and guidance of aircraft or flows of aircraft and for the safe conduct of flight, including communications, navigation, and surveillance services and provision of aeronautical information. (3) The term ‘‘special mission aircraft’’ means an aircraft the Secretary of Defense designates for a unique mission to which ADSB equipment creates a unique risk. 
SEC. 1047. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR UNMANNED SURFACE VEHICLES. 
(a) L IMITATION .—Not more than 50 percent of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for the Strategic Capabilities Office ghost fleet overlord unmanned surface vehicle program may be obligated or expended until the Undersecretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in coordination with the Secretary of the Navy, certifies to the congressional defense committees that— (1) such project accelerates development of the future unmanned surface vehicle program of the Navy; and (2) the desired procurement strategy for the ghost fleet overlord project is properly coordinated and not duplicative of the unmanned surface vehicle sea hunter program of the Navy. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The limitation in subsection (a) shall not be construed to apply to any other unmanned surface vehicle program of the Department of Defense other than the program element specified in such subsection. 
SEC. 1048. PILOT PROGRAM FOR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CONTROLLED UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION IN THE HANDS OF INDUSTRY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense— (1) shall establish and implement a pilot program for oversight of designated Department of Defense controlled unclassified information in the hands of defense contractors with foreign ownership, control, or influence concerns; and (2) may designate an entity within the Department to be responsible for the pilot program under paragraph (1). (b) PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—The pilot program under subsection (a) shall have the following elements: (1) The use of a capability to rapidly identify companies subject to foreign ownership, control, or influence that are processing designated controlled unclassified information, including unclassified controlled technical information. (2) The use, in consultation with the Chief Of Information Officer of the Department, of a capability or means for assessing industry compliance with Department cybersecurity standards. (3) A means of demonstrating whether and under what conditions the risk to national security posed by access to Department controlled unclassified information, including unclassified controlled technical information, by a company under foreign ownership, control, or influence company can be mitigated and how such mitigation could be enforced. (c) BRIEFING REQUIRED .—By not later than 30 days after the completion of the pilot program under this section, but in no case later than December 1, 2019, the Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the results of the pilot program and any decisions about whether to implement the pilot program on a Departmentwide basis. SEC. 1049. CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES LIST. 
(a) L ISTREQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish and maintain a list of acquisition programs, technologies, manufacturing capabilities, and research areas that are critical for maintaining the national security technological advantage of the United States over foreign countries of special concern. The list shall be accompanied by a justification for inclusion of items on the list, including specific performance and technical figures of merit. (b) USE OF LIST.—The Secretary may use the list required under subsection (a) to— (1) guide the recommendations of the Secretary in any interagency determinations conducted pursuant to Federal law relating to technology protection, including relating to export licensing, deemed exports, technology transfer, and foreign direct investment; (2) inform the Secretary while engaging in interagency processes on promotion and protection activities involving acquisition programs and technologies that are necessary to achieve and maintain the national security technology advantage of the United States and that are supportive of military requirements and strategies; (3) inform the Department’s activities to integrate acquisition, intelligence, counterintelligence and security, and law enforcement to inform requirements, acquisition, programmatic, and strategic courses of action for technology protection; (4) inform development of research investment strategies and activities and develop innovation centers and an emerging technology industrial base through the employment of financial assistance from the United States Government through appropriate statutory authorities and programs; (5) identify opportunities for alliances and partnerships in key research and development areas to achieve and maintain a national security technology advantage; and (6) carry out such other purposes as identified by the Secretary. (c) PUBLICATION .—The Secretary shall— (1) publish the list required under subsection (a) by not later than December 31, 2018; and (2) update such list at least annually. 
SEC. 1050. AIRBORNE HAZARDS AND OPEN BURN PIT REGISTRY. 
(a) E DUCATION CAMPAIGN .—Beginning not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall carry out an annual education campaign to inform individuals who may be eligible to enroll in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry of such eligibility. Each such campaign shall include at least one electronic method and one physical mailing method to provide such information. (b) AIRBORNE HAZARDS AND OPENBURNPIT REGISTRY DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry’’ means the registry established by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under section 201 of the Dignified Burial and Other Veterans’ Benefits Improvement Act of 2012 (Public Law 112– 260; 38 U.S.C. 527 note). 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—There is established in the executive branch an independent Commission to review advances in artificial intelligence, related machine learning developments, and associated technologies. (2) TREATMENT .—The Commission shall be considered an independent establishment of the Federal Government as defined by section 104 of title 5, United States Code, and a temporary organization under section 3161 of such title. (3) DESIGNATION .—The Commission established under paragraph (1) shall be known as 
the ‘‘National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence’’. (4) MEMBERSHIP .— (A) COMPOSITION .—The Commission shall be composed of 15 members appointed as follows: (i) The Secretary of Defense shall appoint 2 members. (ii) The Secretary of Commerce shall appoint 1 member. (iii) The Chairman of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate shall appoint 1 member. (iv) The Ranking Member of the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate shall appoint 1 member. (v) The Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives shall appoint 1 member. (vi) The Ranking Member of the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives shall appoint 1 member. (vii) The Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate shall appoint 1 member. (viii) The Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate shall appoint 1 member. (ix) The Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives shall appoint 1 member. (x) The Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives shall appoint 1 member. (xi) The Chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate shall appoint 1 member. (xii) The Vice Chairman of the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate shall appoint 1 member. (xiii) The Chairman of the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives shall appoint 1 member. (xiv) The Ranking Member of the Permanent Select Committee Intelligence of the House of Representatives shall appoint 1 member. (B) DEADLINE FOR APPOINTMENT .—Members shall be appointed to the Commission under paragraph (1) not later than 90 days after the Commission establishment date. (C) EFFECT OF LACK OF APPOINTMENT BY AP POINTMENT DATE .—If one or more appointments under paragraph (1) is not made by the appointment date specified in paragraph (2), the authority to make such appointment or appointments shall expire, and the number of members of the Commission shall be reduced by the number equal to the number of appointments so not made. (5) CHAIR AND VICE CHAIR .—The Commission shall elect a Chair and Vice Chair from among its members. (6) TERMS .—Members shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. A vacancy in the Commission shall not affect its powers, and shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment was made. (7) STATUS AS FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .—Notwith standing the requirements of section 2105 of title 5, United States Code, including the required supervision under subsection (a)(3) of such section, the members of the Commission shall be deemed to be Federal employees. (b) DUTIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Commission shall carry out the review described in paragraph (2). In carrying out such review, the Commission shall consider the methods and means necessary to advance the development of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and associated technologies by the United States to comprehensively address the national security and defense needs of the United States. (2) SCOPE OF THE REVIEW .—In conducting the review paragraph (1), the Commission shall consider the following: (A) The competitiveness of the United States in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and other associated technologies, including matters related to national security, defense, publicprivate partnerships, and investments. (B) Means and methods for the United States to maintain a technological advantage in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and other associated technologies related to national security and defense. (C) Developments and trends in international cooperation and competitiveness, including foreign investments in artificial intelligence, related machine learning, and computer science fields that are materially related to national security and defense. (D) Means by which to foster greater emphasis and investments in basic and advanced research to stimulate private, public, academic and combined initiatives in artificial intelligence, machine learning, and other associated technologies, to the extent that such efforts have application materially related to national security and defense. (E) Workforce and education incentives to attract and recruit leading talent in artificial intelligence and machine learning disciplines, including science, technology, engineering, and math programs. (F) Risks associated with United States and foreign country advances in military employment of artificial intelligence and machine learning, including international law of armed conflict, international humanitarian law, and escalation dynamics. (G) Associated ethical considerations related to artificial intelligence and machine learning as it will be used for future applications related to national security and defense. (H) Means to establish data standards, and incentivize the sharing of open training data within related national security and defense datadriven industries. (I) Consideration of the evolution of artificial intelligence and appropriate mechanism for managing such technology related to national security and defense. (J) Any other matters the Commission deems relevant to the common defense of the Nation. (c) REPORTS .— (1) INITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission shall submit to the President and Congress an initial report on the findings of the Commission and such recommendations that the Commission may have for action by the executive branch and Congress related to artificial intelligence, machine learning, and associated technologies, including recommendations to more effectively organize the Federal Government. (2) ANNUAL COMPREHENSIVE REPORTS .—Not later than one year after the date of this enactment of this Act, and every year thereafter annually, until the date specified in subsection (e), the Commission shall submit a comprehensive report on the review required under subsection (b). (3) FORM OF REPORTS .—Reports submitted under this subsection shall be made publically available, but may include a classified annex. (d) FUNDING .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated by this Act for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense, not more than $10,000,000 shall be made available to the Commission to carry out its duties under this subtitle. Funds made available to the Commission under the preceding sentence shall remain available until expended. (e) TERMINATION .—The Commission shall terminate on October 1, 2020. (f) DEFINITION OF ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE .— In this section, the term ‘‘artificial intelligence’’ includes each of the following: (1) Any artificial system that performs tasks under varying and unpredictable circumstances without significant human oversight, or that can learn from experience and improve performance when exposed to data sets. (2) An artificial system developed in computer software, physical hardware, or other context that solves tasks requiring humanlike perception, cognition, planning, learning, communication, or physical action. (3) An artificial system designed to think or act like a human, including cognitive architectures and neural networks. (4) A set of techniques, including machine learning that is designed to approximate a cognitive task. (5) An artificial system designed to act rationally, including an intelligent software agent or embodied robot that achieves goals using perception, planning, reasoning, learning, communicating, decisionmaking, and acting. SEC. 1052. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS FOR BIEN HOA DIOXIN CLEANUP. 
(a) T RANSFER AUTHORITY .—Notwithstanding section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may transfer to the Secretary of State, for use by the United States Agency for International Development, amounts to be used for the Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup in Vietnam. (b) LIMITATION ON AMOUNTS .—Not more than $15,000,000 may be transferred in fiscal year 2019 under the authority in subsection (a). (c) SOURCE OF FUNDS.—The Secretary of Defense may transfer funds appropriated to the Department of Defense for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defensewide’’ under the authority in subsection (a). (d) ADDITIONAL TRANSFER AUTHORITY .—The transfer authority provided under subsection (a) is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1053. GUIDANCE ON THE ELECTRONIC WARFARE MISSION AREA AND JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC SPECTRUM OPERATIONS. 
(a) P ROCESSES AND PROCEDURES FOR INTEGRA TION.—The Secretary of Defense shall— (1) establish processes and procedures to develop, integrate, and enhance the electronic warfare mission area and the conduct of joint electromagnetic spectrum operations in all domains across the Department of Defense; and (2) ensure that such processes and procedures provide for integrated defensewide strategy, planning, and budgeting with respect to the conduct of such operations by the Department, including activities conducted to counter and deter such operations by malign actors. (b) DESIGNATED SENIOR OFFICIAL .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall designate a senior official of the Department of Defense (hereinafter referred to as the ‘‘designated senior official’’), who shall implement and oversee the processes and procedures established under subsection (a). The designated senior official shall be designated by the Secretary from among individuals serving in the Department as civilian employees or members of the Armed Forces who are, equivalent in grade or rank, at or below the level of Under Secretary of Defense. The designated senior official shall oversee the crossfunctional team established pursuant to subsection (c) and serve as an exofficio member of the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee established in March 2015. (2) RESPONSIBILITIES .—The designated senior official shall have, with respect to the implementation and oversight of the processes and procedures established under subsection (a), the following responsibilities: (A) Overseeing the implementation of the strategy developed by the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee for the conduct and execution of the electronic warfare mission area and joint electromagnetic spectrum operations by the Department, coordinated across all relevant elements of the Department, including both near term and longterm guidance for the conduct of such operations. (B) Providing recommendations to the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee on resource allocation to support the capability development and investment in the electronic warfare and joint electromagnetic spectrum operation mission areas. 
(C) Proposing electronic warfare governance, management, organizational, and operational reforms to Secretary of Defense, after review and comment by the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee. (3) ANNUAL CERTIFICATION ON BUDGETING FOR  
CERTAIN CAPABILITIES .—Each budget for fiscal years 2020 through 2024 submitted by the President to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, shall include the same information that was required to be submitted annually under section 1053(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 11184; 123 Stat. 2459) for each of fiscal years 2011 through 2015 and an assessment by the senior designated official as to whether sufficient funds are requested in such budget for anticipated activities in such fiscal year for each of the following: (A) The development of an electromagnetic battle management capability for joint electromagnetic spectrum operations. (B) The establishment and operation of associated joint electromagnetic spectrum operations cells. (c) CROSSFUNCTIONAL TEAM FOR ELECTRONIC  WARFARE .— (1) ESTABLISHMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall, in accordance with section 911(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114328; 130 Stat. 2345; 10 U.S.C. 111 note), establish a crossfunctional team for electronic warfare in order to identify gaps in electronic warfare and joint electromagnetic spectrum operations, capabilities, and capacities within the Department across personnel, procedural, and equipment areas. (2) SPECIFIC DUTIES .—The crossfunctional team established pursuant to paragraph (1) shall provide recommendations to the senior designated official to address gaps identified as described in that paragraph. (d) PLANS AND REQUIREMENTS FOR ELECTRONIC WARFARE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall require the designated senior official to task the cross functional team established pursuant to subsection (c) to develop requirements and specific plans for addressing personnel, capability, and capacity gaps in the electronic warfare mission area, and plans for future warfare in that domain (including maintaining a roadmap for the current futureyears defense program under section 221 of title 10, United States Code). (2) UPDATE OF STRATEGY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter, the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee, in coordination with the crossfunctional team shall— (A) update the strategy of the Department of Defense entitled ‘‘The DOD Electronic Warfare Strategy’’ and dated June 2017, to include the roadmap developed by the crossfunctional team pursuant to in paragraph (1); and (B) submit the updated strategy to the congressional defense committees. (3) ELEMENTS .—The requirements and plans and associated roadmap developed by the cross functional team pursuant to paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An accounting of the efforts undertaken in support of the strategy referred to in paragraph (2)(A) and to implement applicable elements of Department of Defense Directive 3222.04, dated May 10, 2017, or any subsequent updates to such directive. (B) A description of any updates or changes to the strategy since its issuance, and a description of any anticipated updates or changes to the strategy as a result of the designation of the designated senior official. (C) An assessment of vulnerabilities identified in the May 2015 Electronic Warfare assessment by the Defense Science Board. (D) An assessment of the capability of joint forces to conduct joint electromagnetic spectrum operations against nearpeer adversaries and any capability or capacity gaps in such capability that need to be addressed, including an assessment of the ability of joint forces to conduct coordinated military operations to exploit, attack, protect, and manage the electromagnetic environment in the signals intelligence, electronic warfare, and spectrum management mission areas, including the capability to conduct integrated cyber and electronic warfare on the battlefield, for all level 3 and level 4 contingency plans (as such plans are described in Joint Publication 50 of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, entitled ‘‘Joint Planning’’ and dated June 16, 2017). (E) A review of the roles and functions of offices within the Joint Staff, the Office of the Secretary of Defense, and the combatant commands with primary responsibility for joint electromagnetic spectrum policy and operations. (F) A description of any assumptions about the roles and contributions of the Department, in coordination with other departments and agencies of the United States Government, with respect to the strategy. (G) A description of actions, performance metrics, and projected timelines for achieving key capabilities for electronic warfare and joint electromagnetic spectrum operations to correspond to the thematic goals identified in the strategy and as addressed by the roadmap. (H) An analysis of any personnel, resourcing, capability, authority, or other gaps to be addressed in order to ensure effective implementation of the strategy across all relevant elements of the Department, including an update on each of the following: (i) The development of an electromagnetic battle management capability for joint electromagnetic spectrum operations. (ii) The establishment and operation of joint electromagnetic spectrum operations cells at combatant command locations. (iii) The integration and synchronization of cyber and electromagnetic activities. (I) An investment framework and projected timeline for addressing any gaps described by subparagraph (H). (J) In consultation with the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency— (i) comprehensive assessments of the electronic warfare capabilities of the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China, which shall include— (I) electronic warfare doctrine; (II) order of battle on land, sea, air, space, and cyberspace; and (III) expected direction of technology and research over the next 10 years; and (ii) a review of vulnerabilities with respect to electronic systems, such as the Global Positioning System, and Departmentwide abilities to conduct countermeasures in response to electronic warfare attacks. (K) A review of the sufficiency of experimentation, testing, and training infrastructure, ranges, instrumentation, and threat simulators required to support the development of electromagnetic spectrum capabilities. (L) A plan, and the estimated cost and schedule of implementing the plan, to conduct joint campaign modeling and wargaming for joint electromagnetic spectrum operations. (M) Any other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (4) PERIODIC STATUS REPORTS .—Not later than 90 days after the requirements and plans required by paragraph (1) are submitted in accordance with paragraph (2), and every 180 days thereafter during the threeyear period beginning on the date such plans and requirements are first submitted in accordance with paragraph (2), the designated senior official shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the status of the efforts of the Department in accomplishing the tasks specified in subparagraphs (A) through (I) and (K) through (M) of paragraph (3). (5) COMPREHENSIVE ASSESSMENTS AND RE VIEW.—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees the comprehensive assessments and review required under paragraph (3)(J). (e) TRAINING AND EDUCATION .—Consistent with the elements under subsection (d)(3) of the plans and requirements required by subsection (d)(1), the crossfunctional team established pursuant to subsection (c) shall provide the senior designated official recommendations for programs to provide training and education to such members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department as the Secretary considers appropriate in order to ensure that such members and employees understand the roles and vulnerabilities associated with electronic warfare and dependence on the electromagnetic spectrum. Subtitle E—Studies and Reports 
SEC. 1061. ANNUAL REPORTS BY THE ARMED FORCES ON OUTYEAR UNCONSTRAINED TOTAL MUNITIONS REQUIREMENTS AND OUTYEAR INVENTORY NUMBERS. 
(a) R EPORTS REQUIRED .—Chapter 9 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 222b, as added by section 1677, the following new section: ‘‘§ 222c. Armed forces: OutYear Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirements; OutYear inventory numbers ‘‘(a) ANNUAL REPORTS .—At the same time each year that the budget for the fiscal year beginning in such year is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, the chief of staff of each armed force (other than the Coast Guard) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth for such armed force each of the following for such fiscal year, broken out as specified in subsection (b): ‘‘(1) The OutYear Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirement. ‘‘(2) The OutYear inventory numbers. ‘‘(b) PRESENTATION .—The OutYear Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirement and Out Year inventory numbers for an armed force for a fiscal year pursuant to subsection (a) shall include specific inventory objective requirements for each variant of munitions with respect to each of the following: ‘‘(1) Combat Requirement, broken out by operation plan (OPLAN). ‘‘(2) Current Operation/Forward Presence Requirement. ‘‘(3) Strategic Readiness Requirement. ‘‘(4) Homeland Defense. ‘‘(5) Training and Testing Requirement. ‘‘(6) Total OutYear Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirement, calculated in accordance with the implementation guidance described in subsection (c). ‘‘(7) Outyear worldwide inventory. ‘‘(c) IMPLEMENTATION GUIDANCE USED.—In submitting information pursuant to subsection (a) for a fiscal year, the chief of staff of each armed force shall describe and explain the munitions requirements process implementation guidance developed by the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and used by such armed force for the munitions requirements process for such armed force for that fiscal year. ‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘chief of staff’, with respect to the Marine Corps, means the Commandant of the Marine Corps. ‘‘(2) The term ‘OutYear Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirement’ has the meaning given that term in and for purposes of Department of Defense Instruction 3000.04, or any successor instruction.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 9 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 222b, as added by section 1677, the following new item: ‘‘222c. Armed forces: OutYear Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirements; OutYear inventory numbers.’’. 
SEC. 1062. IMPROVEMENT OF ANNUAL REPORT ON CIVILIAN CASUALTIES IN CONNECTION WITH UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) M ODIFICATION AND EXPANSION OF ELEMENTS .—Subsection (b) of section 1057 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, including each specific mission, strike, engagement, raid, or incident,’’ after ‘‘military operations’’; (2) in paragraph (2)(E), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, including a differentiation between those killed and those injured’’; (3) in paragraph (3), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘, and, when appropriate, makes ex gratia payments to the victims or their families’’; (4) by redesignating paragraph (5) as paragraph (6); and (5) by inserting after paragraph (4) the following new paragraph (5): ‘‘(5) Any update or modification to any report under this section during a previous year.’’. (b) SCOPE OF UNCLASSIFIED FORM OF REPORT.—Subsection (d) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘The unclassified form of each report shall, at a minimum, be responsive to each element under subsection (b) of a report under subsection (a), and shall be made available to the public at the same time it is submitted to Congress (unless the Secretary certifies in writing that the publication of such information poses a threat to the national security interests of the United States).’’. 
SEC. 1063. REPORT ON CAPABILITIES AND CAPACITIES OF ARMORED BRIGADE COMBAT TEAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the capabilities and capacities of Armored Brigade Combat Teams. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of the total number of Armored Brigade Combat Teams required to support the National Defense Strategy. (2) A description of the manner in which the Army plans to equip and field future Armored Brigade Combat Teams. (3) A description of the total number of mechanized infantry companies required in support of the Armored Brigade Combat Teams. (4) A description of steps being taken to improve the number and quality of livefire gunnery exercises executed each year, including improving execution of battalion and brigadelevel combined arms livefire exercises both at home station and at the Combat Training Centers. (5) A description of training being conducted to train Armored Brigade Combat Teams in combined arms for air defense and to counter unmanned aerial vehicles with organic weapons and tactics. (6) A plan to improve personnel preparedness by the reduction of nondeployable soldiers and improvements in combat vehicle crew stability and material readiness of key combat systems. (7) A description of deficiencies in repair parts and number of qualified mechanics, and a plan to correct such deficiencies. (8) A plan for the modernization of the Armored Brigade Combat Teams. 
SEC. 1064. ACTIVITIES AND REPORTING RELATING TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE’S CLOUD INITIATIVE. 
(a) A CTIVITIES REQUIRED .—Commencing not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, acting through the Cloud Executive Steering Group established by the Deputy Secretary of Defense in a directive memorandum dated September 13, 2017, in order to support its Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure initiative to procure commercial cloud services, shall conduct certain key enabling activities as follows: (1) Develop an approach to rapidly acquire advanced commercial network capabilities, including softwaredefined networking, ondemand bandwidth, and aggregated cloud access gateways, through commercial service providers in order— (A) to support the migration of applications and systems to commercial cloud platforms; (B) to increase visibility of endtoend performance to enable and enforce service level agreements for cloud services; (C) to ensure efficient and common cloud access; (D) to facilitate shifting data and applications from one cloud platform to another; (E) to improve cybersecurity; and (F) to consolidate networks and achieve efficiencies and improved performance; (2) Conduct an analysis of existing workloads that would be migrated to the Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure, including— (A) identifying all of the cloud initiatives across the Department of Defense, and determining the objectives of such initiatives in connection with the intended scope of the Infrastructure; (B) identifying all the systems and applications that the Department would intend to migrate to the Infrastructure; (C) conducting rationalization of applications to identify applications and systems that may duplicate the processing of workloads in connection with the Infrastructure; and (D) as result of such actions, arriving at dispositions about migration or termination of systems and applications in connection with the Infrastructure. (b) REPORT REQUIRED .—The Chief Information Officer shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the Department of Defense’s Cloud Initiative to manage networks, data centers, and clouds at the enterprise level. Such report shall include each of the following: (1) A description the status of completion of the activities required under subsection (a). (2) Information relating to the current composition of the Cloud Executive Steering Group and the stakeholders relating to the Department of Defense’s Cloud Initiative and associated mission, objectives, goals, and strategy. (3) A description of the characteristics and considerations for accelerating the cloud architecture and services required for a global, resilient, and secure information environment. (4) Information relating to acquisition strategies and timeline for efforts associated with the Department of Defense’s Cloud Initiative, including the Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure. (5) A description of how the acquisition strategies referred to in paragraph (4) provides for a full and open competition, enable the Department of Defense to continuously leverage and acquire new cloud computing capabilities, maintain the ability of the Department to leverage other cloud computing vendor products and services, incorporate elements to maintain security, and provide for the best performance, cost, and schedule to meet the cloud architecture and services requirements of the Department for the duration of such contract. (6) A detailed description of existing workloads that will be migrated to enterprisewide cloud infrastructure or platforms as a result of the Department of Defense’s Cloud Initiative, including estimated migration costs and timelines, based on the analysis required under subsection (a)(2). (7) A description of the program management and program office of the Department of Defense’s Cloud Initiative, including the number of personnel, overhead costs, and organizational structure. (8) A description of the effect of the Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure on and the relationship of such Infrastructure to existing cloud computing infrastructure, platform, and service contracts across the Department of Defense, specifically the effect and relationship to the private cloud infrastructure of the Department, MilCloud 2.0 run by the Defense Information Systems Agency based on the analysis required under subsection (a)(2). (9) Information relating to the most recent Department of Defense Cloud Computing Strategy and description of any initiatives to update such Strategy. (10) Information relating to Department of Defense guidance pertaining to cloud computing capability or platform acquisition and standards, and a description of any initiatives to update such guidance. (11) Any other matters the Secretary of Defense determines relevant. (c) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense’s Cloud Initiative, not more than 85 percent may be obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees the report required by subsection (b). (d) LIMITATION ON NEWSYSTEMS AND APPLICATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Deputy Secretary shall require that no new system or application will be approved for development or modernization without an assessment that such system or application is already, or can and would be, cloud hosted. (2) WAIVER .—The Deputy Secretary may issue a national waiver to the requirement under paragraph (1) if the Deputy Secretary determines, pursuant to the assessment described in such paragraph, that the requirement would adversely affect the national security of the United States. If the Deputy Secretary issues a waiver under this paragraph, the Deputy Secretary shall provide to the congressional defense committees a written notification of such waiver, justification for the waiver, and identification of the system or application to which the waiver applies by not later than 15 days after the date on which the waiver is issued. (e) TRANSPARENCY AND COMPETITION .—The Deputy Secretary shall ensure that the acquisition approach of the Department continues to follow the Federal Acquisition Regulation with respect to competition. 
SEC. 1065. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR UNITED STATES SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND GLOBAL MESSAGING AND COUNTERMESSAGING PLATFORM. 
(a) L IMITATION ; REPORT .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act may be used for United States Special Operations Command’s Global Messaging and CounterMessaging platform until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a report containing the following elements: (1) The justification of the Secretary for the proposed designation of the United States Special Operations Command as the entity responsible for establishing the centralized Global Messaging and CounterMessaging capability. (2) A description of the proposed roles and responsibilities of the United States Special Operations Command as such entity. (3) An implementation plan for the establishment of the platform, including a timeline for achieving initial and full operational capability. (4) A description of the impacts to existing countermessaging platforms, capabilities, and contracts. (5) A description of the budget requirements for the platform to reach full operational capability, including an identification and cost of any infrastructure and equipment requirements. (6) A summary of costs to operate and sustain the platform across the futureyears defense program under section 221 of title 10, United States Code. 
(7) A comprehensive plan for the continual assessment of the effectiveness of the Global Messaging and CounterMessaging activities and programs. (8) An explanation of the Secretary’s guidance to the combatant commands to ensure unity of effort and prevent the proliferation of messaging and countermessaging platforms. (9) A detailed description of the processes for deconfliction and, where possible, integration of platform planning and activities with those of relevant departments and agencies of the United States Government, including the Global Engagement Center of the Department of State. (10) An identification of any additional authorities that may be required for achieving full operational capability of the platform. (11) A description of other actions, activities, and efforts taken to implement section 1637 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (12) Any other matters the Secretary determines are relevant. (b) ADDITIONAL REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing a review and assessment of the doctrine, organization, training, materiel, leadership and education, personnel, and facilities applicable to military information support personnel, including— (1) an assessment of current doctrine, organization, training, materiel, leadership and education, personnel, and facilities; and (2) recommended changes for enhancing the ability of military information support personnel to operate effectively in the current and future information environment. 
SEC. 1066. COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW OF PROFESSIONALISM AND ETHICS PROGRAMS FOR SPECIAL OPERATIONS FORCES. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a comprehensive review of the ethics programs and professionalism programs of the United States Special Operations Command and of the military departments for officers and other military personnel serving in special operations forces. (b) ELEMENTS OF THE REVIEW .—The review conducted under subsection (a) shall specifically include a description and assessment of each of the following: (1) The professionalism and ethics standards of the United States Special Operations Command and affiliated component commands. (2) The ethics programs and professionalism programs of the military departments available for special operations forces. (3) The ethics programs and professionalism programs of the United States Special Operations Command and affiliated component commands. (4) The roles and responsibilities of the military departments and the United States Special Operations Command and affiliated component commands in administering, overseeing, managing, and ensuring compliance and participation of special operations forces in ethics programs and professionalism programs, including an identification of— (A) any gaps in the administration, oversight, and management of such programs and in ensuring the compliance and participation in such programs; and (B) any additional guidance that may be required for a systematic, integrated approach in administering, overseeing, and managing such programs and in ensuring compliance with and participation in such programs in order to address issues and improve adherence to professionalism and ethics standards. (5) The adequacy of the existing management and oversight framework for ensuring that all ethics programs and professionalism programs available to special operations forces meet Department standards. (6) Tools and metrics for identifying and assessing individual and organizational ethics and professionalism issues with respect to special operations forces. (7) Tools and metrics for assessing the effectiveness of existing ethics programs and professionalism programs in improving or addressing individual and organizational ethicsrelated and professionalism issues with respect to special operations forces. (8) Any additional actions that may be required to address or improve individual and organizational ethics and professionalism issues with respect to special operations forces. (9) Any additional actions that may be required to improve the oversight and accountability by senior leaders of ethics and professionalismrelated issues with respect to special operations forces. (c) LIMITATION ON DELEGATION .—The Sec retary of Defense may only delegate responsibility for any element of the review required by subsection (a) to the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict, in coordination with other appropriate offices of the Secretary of Defense and the secretaries of the military departments. (d) DEADLINE FOR SUBMITTAL OF REVIEW .— The Secretary of Defense shall submit the review required by subsection (a) to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives by not later than March 1, 2019. (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘ethics program’’ means a program that includes— (A) compliancebased ethics training, education, initiative, or other activity that focuses on adherence to rules and regulations; and (B) valuesbased ethics training, education, initiative, or other activity that focuses on upholding a set of ethical principles in order to achieve high standards of conduct and incorporate guiding principles to help foster an ethical culture and inform decisionmaking where rules are not clear. (2) The term ‘‘professionalism program’’ means a program that includes training, education, initiative, or other activity that focuses on values, ethics, standards, code of conduct, and skills as related to the military profession. 
SEC. 1067. MUNITIONS ASSESSMENTS AND FUTUREYEARS DEFENSE PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) R EQUIRED REPORTS .—Not later than March 1, 2019, and annually thereafter, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall submit to the congressional defense committees each of the following: (1) The most current munitions assessments, as defined by Department of Defense Instruction Number 3000.04, relating to the Department of Defense munitions requirements process. (2) The most current sufficiency assessments, as defined by such Department of Defense Instruction. (3) The most current approved memorandum of the Joint Requirements Oversight Council resulting from the munitions requirements process. (4) The planned funding and munitions requirements required for the first fiscal year beginning after the date of the submittal of the report and across the futureyears defense program for munitions across all military departments and the Missile Defense Agency. (5) The planned foreign military sales and foreign military financing orders for United States munitions across the futureyears defense program. (b) SUNSET .—The requirement to submit reports and assessments under this section shall terminate on December 31, 2021. (c) SUPPLY CHAIN ASSESSMENTS .—Beginning in fiscal year 2020, the Under Secretary shall evaluate supply chain risks, including qualified supplier shortages and single source supplier vulnerabilities for munitions production. The Under Secretary shall include in the reports required under subsection (a) for fiscal year 2020 and any subsequent fiscal year for which such reports are required to be submitted, a list of munitions that are at risk of production impacts from the loss of qualified suppliers. SEC. 1068. REPORT ON ESTABLISHMENT OF ARMY FUTURES COMMAND. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than February 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the Army’s plan for the establishment of Army Futures Command. (b) CONTENTS OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include each of the following: (1) A description of the mission of Army Futures Command. (2) A description of the authorities and responsibilities of the Commander of Army Futures Command. (3) A description of the relationship between such authorities and the authorities of the Army Acquisition Authority and a description of any changes to be made to the authorities and missions of other Army major commands. (4) A detailed description of the structure for Army Futures Command, including grade requirements. (5) A detailed description of any resources or elements to be realigned from the Army Training and Doctrine Command, Army Materiel Command, Army Force Command, or Army Test and Evaluation Command to Army Futures Command. (6) An assessment of the number and location of members of the Armed Forces and Department of Defense civilian personnel expected to be assigned to Army Futures Command. (7) A cost estimate for the establishment of Army Futures Command in fiscal year 2019 and projected costs for each of fiscal years 2020 through 2023. (8) A description of the headquarters stationing selection criteria and methodology. (9) Any other information relating to the command, as determined by the Secretary. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the Committees on Armed Services and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representative and the Committees on Armed Services and Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on the effects of cyberenabled information operations on the national security of the United States. Such report shall include each of the following: (1) A summary of actions taken by the Federal Government to protect the national security of the United States against cyberenabled information operations. (2) A description of the resources necessary to protect the national security of the United States against cyberenabled information operations by foreign adversaries. 
SEC. 1070. REPORT ON UNMANNED AIRCRAFT IN ARLINGTON NATIONAL CEMETERY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration shall jointly submit to the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate a report on whether legislative action is required to prevent low flying unmanned aircraft from disrupting funerals at Arlington National Cemetery. (b) UNMANNED AIRCRAFT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘unmanned aircraft’’ has the meaning given such term in section 331(8) of the FAA Modernization and Reform Act of 2012 (Public Law 112–95; 49 U.S.C. 40101 note). 
(a) R EPORT ON AN UPDATED STRATEGY .—Not later than June 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense 
shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on an updated Arctic strategy to improve and enhance joint operations. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of United States national security interests in the Arctic region. (2) An assessment of the threats and security challenges posed by adversaries operating in the Arctic region, including descriptions of such adversaries’ intents and investments in Arctic capabilities. (3) A description of the roles and missions of each military service in the Arctic region in the context of joint operations to support the Arctic strategy, including— (A) a description of a joint Arctic strategy for sea operations, including all military and Coast Guard vessels available for Arctic operations; (B) a description of a joint Arctic strategy for air operations, including all rotor and fixed wing military aircraft platforms available for Arctic operations; and (C) a description of a joint Arctic strategy for ground operations, including all military ground forces available for Arctic operations. (4) A description of nearterm and longterm training, capability, and resource gaps that must be addressed to fully execute each mission described in the Arctic strategy against an increasing threat environment. (5) A description of the level of cooperation between the Department of Defense, any other departments and agencies of the United States Government, State and local governments, and tribal entities related to the defense of the Arctic region. (c) FORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1072. REPORT ON USE AND AVAILABILITY OF MILITARY INSTALLATIONS FOR DISASTER RESPONSE. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that identifies— (1) each military installation that has been made available to the Department of Homeland Security for disaster response for the past 10 fiscal years; and (2) military installations assessed to be available in support of fast response to disasters. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) For each military installation identified under subsection (a)(1)— (A) the name of the installation; (B) the location of the installation, including the State and Congressional District; (C) a description of the infrastructure and equipment made available at the installation; and (D) a description of personnel made available for disaster response. (2) For each military installation identified under subsection (a)(2)— (A) the name of the installation; (B) the location of the installation, including the State and Congressional District; (C) a description of the infrastructure and equipment to be available at the installation; and (D) a description of personnel to be available for disaster response. 
SEC. 1073. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PARTICIPATION IN EXPORT ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS LICENSE APPLICATION REVIEW PROCESS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter until the date that is three years after such date of enactment, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the participation by the Department of Defense in the process for reviewing applications for export licenses under the Export Administration Regulations as a reviewing agency under Executive Order 12981 (50 U.S.C. 4603 note; relating to administration of export controls). (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) The number of applications for export licenses under the Export Administration Regulations reviewed by the Department of Defense in the 180day period preceding the submission of the report. (2) The number of instances during that 180 day period in which the Department disagreed with a final determination made with respect to such an application under the review procedures set forth in Executive Order 12981. (3) A summary of such instances, including— (A) a summary of the applicants for such licenses and the recipients of items pursuant to such licenses in such instances; (B) a description of sensitive technologies involved in such instances; and (C) a description of the rationale of the Department for disagreeing with such determinations. (4) The number of such applications under review by the Department or undergoing interagency dispute resolution as of the date of the submission of the report. (c) FORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (C) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘Export Administration Regulations’’ means subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations. 
SEC. 1074. MILITARY AVIATION READINESS REVIEW IN SUPPORT OF THE NATIONAL DEFENSE STRATEGY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on military aviation readiness in support of the National Defense Strategy (NDS). (b) REVIEW FOR REPORT PURPOSES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The report under subsection (a) shall be based on a review conducted for purposes of the report in accordance with this section. (2) PANEL.—The review shall be conducted by a panel consisting of the following: (A) The Commander of the Air Combat Command, who shall head the panel. (B) The Commander of the Army Aviation Branch. (C) The Commander, Naval Air Forces. (D) The Deputy Commandant of the Marine Corps for Aviation. (E) Such other personnel of the Department of Defense as the Secretary considers appropriate. (c) REVIEW ELEMENTS .—The review required by subsection (b) shall address the following: (1) An analysis of the career progression of military pilots and nonpilot aviators, including a comparison between military pilot and non pilot aviators, on the one hand, and other military specialities, on the other hand, with respect to each of the following: (A) Tours of duty. (B) Assignment lengths. (C) Minimum service commitments. (D) Professional performance evaluation systems. (E) Statutory and administrative promotion processes. (2) An analysis of aircrew aviation training for various aircraft platforms, including— (A) an historical analysis, covering the past 15 years, of first and second assignment total flight hours and modelspecific flight hours for military pilots and nonpilot aviators; and (B) an analysis of the flight hour program in order to determine the appropriate level of required monthly flight hours and sorties to maintain currency (minimum safe level) and proficiency (minimum level to be tactically competent). (3) An analysis of the effect of recent operational deployments on the ability of military pilots and nonpilot aviators to build and maintain readiness for potential threats from a near peer adversary, including— (A) a comparison of rates of simulator usage for military pilots and nonpilot aviators within and not within the predeployment training window; and (B) an assessment of the suitability of training curriculum to address highend combat operations against a nearpeer adversary. (4) An analysis of aviation squadron size and composition, including— (A) individual unitlevel aircraft allocation; (B) aviation platformspecific force structure; and (C) quantity of squadrons within each aviation platform. (5) An analysis of aviation squadron manning documents on appropriate levels and composition of military pilots, nonpilot aviators, and nonaircrew for each squadron in support of the most current National Defense Strategy, including a consideration of— (A) appropriate levels and composition of military pilots, nonpilot aviators, and nonaircrew for each squadron in support of such National Defense Strategy; (B) flightrelated workload compared with nonflight related workload for military pilots and nonpilot aviators; (C) the number of different aircraft platforms to which enlisted maintenance personnel are expected to be assigned throughout a typical career; and (D) career training milestones for enlisted maintenance personnel, and the effects of such milestones on military aviation readiness. (6) An analysis of logistics programs in support of military aviation readiness, including— (A) an evaluation of any shortfalls in logistics programs that serve as contributing factors to both military pilot retention and overall readiness of military aviation units; (B) an analysis of aircraft parts cannibalization rates; (C) a determination of average mission capable ratings for aircraft throughout the various stages of the deployment cycle; (D) an analysis of rates of reassignment of aircraft from nondeploying units to deploying units; and (E) an identification of individual aircraft communities, if any, with strained supply chains with singlesource suppliers. SEC. 1075. REPORT ON HIGHESTPRIORITY ROLES AND MISSIONS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) R EPORT ON ROLES AND MISSIONS .— (1) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 31, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a reevaluation of the highest priority missions of the Department of Defense, and of the roles of the Armed Forces in the performance of such missions. (2) GOALS.—The goals of the reevaluation required for purposes of the report shall be as follows: (A) To support implementation of the National Defense Strategy. (B) To optimize the effectiveness of the joint force. (C) To inform the preparation of future defense program and budget requests by the Secretary, and the consideration of such requests by Congress. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required by subsection (b) shall include the following: 
(1) A detailed description of the pacing threats for each Armed Force, and for special operations forces, and an assessment of the manner in which such pacing threats determine the primary role of each Armed Force, and special operations forces, including the connection between key operational tasks required by contingency plans. (2) A specific requirement for the size and composition of each Armed Force, including the following: (A) The required total end strength and force structure by type for the Army. (B) The required fleet size of the Navy, identified by class of ships and the corresponding total end strength requirement once that fleet size is achieved. (C) The required number of operational Air Force squadrons, identified by function and the corresponding total end strength requirement once that number of squadrons is achieved. (D) The required total end strength and force structure by type for the Marine Corps. (3) An evaluation of the roles of the Armed Forces in performing lowintensity missions, such as counterterrorism and security force assistance. (4) An assessment of the roles of the total ground forces, both Army and Marine Corps, to execute the National Defense Strategy. (5) An assessment, based on operational plans, of the ability of power projection platforms to survive and effectively perform the highest priority operational missions described in the National Defense Strategy. (6) An assessment, based on operational plans, of the ability of manned, stealthy, penetrating strike platforms to survive and perform effectively the highest priority operational missions described in the National Defense Strategy. (7) An evaluation of the most effective and efficient means for the joint force to achieve air superiority in both contested and uncontested environments. (8) An evaluation of the roles of the joint special operations enterprise. (9) An assessment of the manner in which increased use of the space domain should revise or reallocate the requirements of the joint force. (10) An assessment of the manner in which the joint force will perform the mission of logistics in contested environments. (c) FORM.—The report required in subsection (b) shall be submitted in classified form, and shall include an unclassified summary. Subtitle F—Other Matters 
(a) T ITLE 10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Title 10, United States Code, is amended as follows: (1) Sections 130j and 130k, as added by section 1631 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1736), are amended by striking ‘‘section 3093 of title 50, United States Code’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093)’’. (2) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 3 is amended by striking the items relating to sections 130j and 130k and inserting the following new items: ‘‘130j. Notification requirements for sensitive military cyber operations. ‘‘130k. Notification requirements for cyber weapons.’’. (3) Section 131(b)(9), as amended by section 811, is further amended— (A) by striking subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D); and (B) by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), (G), and (H), as subparagraphs (B), (C), (D), and (E), respectively. (4) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 4 is amended by striking the item relating to section 261 and inserting the following: ‘‘241. Reference to chapters 1003, 1005, and 1007.’’. (5) Section 494(b)(2) is amended in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) by striking ‘‘March 1, 2012, and annually thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘March 1 of each year’’. (6) Section 495(a) is amended by striking ‘‘Beginning in fiscal year 2013, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’. (7) Section 499a(d), as added by section 1652(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1757), is amended by striking ‘‘on or after the date of the enactment of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘after December 11, 2017,’’. (8) Section 637a(d) is amended by striking ‘‘specialities’’ and inserting ‘‘specialties’’. (9) Section 664(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘the the’’ and inserting ‘‘the’’. (10) The table of subchapters at the beginning of chapter 47A is amended by striking the item relating to subchapter VII and inserting the following: ‘‘VII. POSTTRIAL PROCEDURE AND REVIEW OF  
MILITARY COMMISSIONS ’’. (11) The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter VII of chapter 47A is amended by striking the item relating to section 950g and inserting the following: ‘‘950g. Review by United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit; writ of certiorari to Supreme Court.’’. (12) Section 950t is amended— (A) in paragraph (9), by striking ‘‘attack. or’’ and inserting ‘‘attack, or’’; (B) in paragraph (16), by striking ‘‘shall punished’’ and inserting ‘‘shall be punished’’; and (C) in paragraph (22), by adding a period at the end. (13) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 55 is amended by striking the item relating to section 1077a and inserting the following: ‘‘1077a. Access to military medical treatment facilities and other facilities.’’. (14) Section 1415(e) is amended by striking ‘‘concerned’’. (15) Section 2006a(b)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘the such programs’’ and inserting ‘‘such programs’’. (16) Section 2279(c) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (a) and (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a) and (b)’’. (17) Section 2279c, as added by section 1601(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1718), is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘ the date of the enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘December 12, 2017’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘ the date of the enactment of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘December 12, 2017’’; and (ii) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘on or after the date that is one year after the date of the enactment of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘after December 11, 2018’’. (18)(A) The second section 2279c, as added by section 1602 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1721), is redesignated as section 2279d. (B) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 135 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2279c the following new item: ‘‘2279d. Limitation on construction on United States territory of satellite positioning ground monitoring stations of certain foreign governments.’’. (19) Section 2313b(b)(1)(E), as added by section 803(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1452), is amended by redesignating clauses (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively. (20) Section 2337a(d), as added by section 836(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1473), is amended by striking ‘‘title 10, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘this title’’. (21) Section 2374a(e) is amended by striking ‘‘,,’’ and inserting ‘‘,’’. (22) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 141 is amended by striking the item relating to section 2410s and inserting the following new item: ‘‘2410s. Security clearances for facilities of certain companies.’’. (23) The heading of section 2410s is amended by striking the period at the end. (24)(A) The heading of section 2414, as amended by section 817(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1462), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2414. Funding’’. (B) The item relating to such section in the table of sections at the beginning of chapter 142 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘2414. Funding.’’. (25) Section 2613(g) is amended by striking ‘‘(1)’’. (26) Section 2679(a)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘Federal government’’ and inserting ‘‘Federal Government’’. (27) The heading of section 2691, as amended by section 2814(b)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2691. Restoration of land used by permit or damaged by mishap; reimbursement of state costs of fighting wildland fires’’. (28) Section 2879(a)(2)(A), as added by section 2817(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is amended by striking ‘‘on or after the date of the enactment of this section’’ and inserting ‘‘after December 11, 2017,’’. (29) The heading of section 2914 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2914. Energy resilience and conservation construction projects’’. (30) Section 10504 is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘The Chief’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) The Chief’’; and (B) by redesignating the second subsection (b) as subsection (c). (b) TITLE 32, U NITED STATES CODE.—Title 32, United States Code, is amended in section 902, by striking ‘‘the Secretary, determines’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary determines’’. (c) NDAA 
FORFISCAL YEAR2018.—Effective as of December 12, 2017, and as if included therein as enacted, the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1284 et seq.) is amended as follows: (1) Section 834(a)(2) (131 Stat. 1470) is amended by striking ‘‘subchapter I of’’. (2) Section 913(b) is amended by striking the dash after the colon in the matter preceding paragraph (1). (3) Section 1051(d)) is amended by inserting ‘‘National’’ before ‘‘Defense Authorization Act’’. (4) Section 1691(i) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘the’’ after ‘‘Title XIV of’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘as enacted into law by’’ before ‘‘Public Law 106–398’’. (5) Section 2817(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘table of sections for’’ and inserting ‘‘table of sections at the beginning of subchapter IV of’’. (6) Section 2831(b) is amended by inserting ‘‘of title 10, United States Code,’’ after ‘‘chapter 173’’. (7) Section 2876(d) is amended— (A) by inserting ‘‘In this section:’’ after ‘‘DEFINITIONS .—’’; and (B) in paragraph (1)(A), in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting open quotation marks before ‘‘beneficial’’ and close quotation marks after ‘‘owner’’. (d) OTHER NDAA S.—Section 828(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note), as added by section 825(a)(4) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1466), is amended by inserting ‘‘subsection’’ before ‘‘(b)’’. (e) OTHER LAWS.— (1) TITLE 31 .—Paragraph (1) of section 5112(p) of title 31, United States Code, as amended by section 885 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1505), is amended by striking ‘‘, United States Code’’ each place it appears. (2) TITLE 49 .—Subsection (h) of section 44718 of title 49, United States Code, as amended and redesignated by sections 311(b)(3) and 311(e)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 183a(g) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 183a(h)(1) of title 10’’; and (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘section 183a(g) of title 10’’ and inserting ‘‘section 183a(h)(7) of title 10’’. (3) ATOMIC ENERGY DEFENSE ACT .—Section 4309(c) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2575(c)) is amended by redesignating paragraphs (17) and (18) as paragraphs (16) and (17), respectively. (f) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS RELATING TO  
THECHIEF MANAGEMENT OFFICER OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— (1) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) Each of the following provisions law is amended by striking ‘‘Deputy Chief Management Officer’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Chief Management Officer’’: (i) Section 192(e)(2) of title 10, United States Code. (ii) Section 2222 of title 10, United States Code. (iii) Section 11319(d)(4) of title 40, United States Code. (iv) Section 881(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (v) Section 217 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2445a note). (B) Section 131(b) of title 10, United States Code, as amended by subsection (a)(3) of this section, is further amended— (i) by striking paragraph (4); and (ii) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (10) as paragraphs (4) through (9), respectively. (C) Section 137a(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘the Secretaries of the military departments,’’ and inserting ‘‘the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, the Secretaries of the military departments, and’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘, and the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense’’. (D) Section 138(d) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (i) by inserting ‘‘the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense,’’ after ‘‘the Deputy Secretary of Defense,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘ the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense,’’. (E) Section 904(b)(4) the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 10 U.S.C. 132 note.) is amended— (i) by striking ‘‘and Deputy Chief Management Officer’’and (ii) by striking ‘‘as is necessary to assist those officials in the performance of their duties’’ and inserting ‘‘as is necessary to assist the Chief Management Officer in the performance of the duties assigned to such official’’. (F) Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense.’’. (2) REFERENCES .— (A) IN LAW OR REGULATION .—Any reference in a law (other than this Act) or regulation in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act to the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense is deemed to be a reference to the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. (B) IN OTHER DOCUMENTS , PAPERS , OR 
RECORDS .—Any reference in a document, paper, or other record of the United States prepared before the date of the enactment of this Act to the Deputy Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense is deemed to be a reference to the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense. (g) COORDINATION WITHOTHER AMENDMENTS  MADE BY THISACT.—For purposes of applying amendments made by provisions of this Act other than this section, the amendments made by this section shall be treated as having been enacted immediately before any such amendments by other provisions of this Act. 
SEC. 1082. PRINCIPAL ADVISOR ON COUNTERING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) DESIGNATION OF PRINCIPAL ADVISOR .— Chapter 4 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 145. Principal Advisor on Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction ‘‘The Secretary of Defense may designate, from among the personnel of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, a Principal Advisor on Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction. Such Principal Advisor shall coordinate the activities of the Department of Defense relating to countering weapons of mass destruction. The individual designated to serve as such Principal Advisor shall be an individual who was appointed to the position held by the individual by and with the advice and consent of the Senate.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘145. Principal Advisor on Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction.’’. (b) OVERSIGHT PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to streamline the oversight framework of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, including any efficiencies and the potential to reduce, realign, or otherwise restructure current Assistant Secretary and Deputy Assistant Secretary positions with responsibilities for overseeing countering weapons of mass destruction policy, programs, and activities. (c) DIRECTIVE .—Not later than 90 days after the submission of the oversight plan under subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall issue a directive for the implementation of the oversight plan by the Countering Weapons of Mass DestructionUnity of Effort Council. (d) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report at the same time as the submission of the budget of the President (as submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) for each of fiscal years 2020 through fiscal year 2024. Each such report shall include, for the fiscal year covered by the report, each of the following: (A) A concise budget summary, including budget program data provided by the Undersecretary of Defense (Comptroller) for all activities of the Department that include countering weapons of mass destruction for the period covered by the applicable futureyears defense program under section 221 of title 10, United States Code. (B) A description of the activities taken by the Countering Weapons of Mass DestructionUnity of Effort Council, including— (i) A description of actions that are promoting a unity of effort with respect to countering weapons of mass destruction across all elements of the Department. (ii) A list of topics that have been brought before the Countering Weapons of Mass DestructionUnity of Effort Council and the resolution of each such topic. (iii) A description of current and future threats involving weapons of mass destruction. (iv) A plan, for the period covered by the applicable futureyears defense program under section 221 of title 10, United States Code, to address the threats identified under clause (iii) consistent with the budget. (v) Such other matters as the Secretary determines are relevant. (2) FORM OF REPORT .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1083. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER AIRCRAFT TO OTHER DEPARTMENTS FOR WILDFIRE SUPPRESSION PURPOSES. 
(a) T RANSFER BY DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND  SECURITY .—Paragraph (1) of subsection (a) of section 1098 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 881) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘of—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘of the seven demilitarized HC–130H aircraft specified in subparagraph (B) to the Secretary of the Air Force.’’; (2) by striking subparagraph (B); and (3) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (B). (b) AIRFORCE ACTIONS .—Paragraph (2) of such subsection is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)(iii), by striking ‘‘to the Secretary of Agriculture’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘to the State of California, Natural Resources Agency, for use by the Department of Forestry and Fire Protection for firefighting purposes.’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C)— (A) by striking ‘‘unless, by reimbursable order’’ and all that follows through ‘‘such modifications’’ in each of clauses (i) and (ii); (B) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,500,000’’; and (C) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘$130,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$150,000,000’’. (c) COAST GUARD ACTIONS .—The second sentence of paragraph (3) of such subsection is amended by striking ‘‘under paragraph (2)(A)(ii).’’ and inserting ‘‘pursuant to this subsection before the date of the enactment of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. If the Governor of California identifies fewer than seven aircraft to be acquired for firefighting purposes, the Secretary of Homeland Security may retain title and disposition of the HC130H aircraft not included in the transfer.’’. (d) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Subsection (c) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘or the Governor of California’’ after ‘‘Secretary of Agriculture’’ each place it appears. (e) SECRETARY OF AGRICULTURE RETRANSFER  
OFTRANSFERRED INITIAL SPARES AND RELATED  EQUIPMENT .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall, acting for the Forest Service, transfer to the Commandant of the Coast Guard or the Governor of California, as appropriate, any initial spares and necessary ground support equipment for HC–130H aircraft that were transferred to the Secretary pursuant to section 1098(a)(1)(A)(ii) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 before the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) GOVERNOR OF CALIFORNIA ACTIONS .— (1) CERTIFICATION REQUIRED .—No action may be taken to transfer any aircraft pursuant to section 1098(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 881), as amended by this section, unless the Governor of the State of California submits to the Secretary of Defense certification in writing of the number of HC130H aircraft that the State of California requests to be transferred pursuant to such section for firefighting purposes. (2) FAILURE TO SUBMIT CERTIFICATION .—If the Governor of California fails to submit the certification under paragraph (1) before the date 
that is 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act— (A) paragraph (2) of subsection (a) of section 1098 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 881), as amended by this section shall have no force or effect; and (B) the Secretary of Homeland Security may retain title and disposition of the HC130H aircraft specified in paragraph (1)(B) of such subsection. 
SEC. 1084. IMPROVEMENT OF DATABASE ON EMERGENCY RESPONSE CAPABILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1406 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2436; 10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘The Secretary’’ the following: ‘‘(a) DATABASE REQUIRED .—’’; (2) in subsection (a), as designated by paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(3) The types of emergency response cyber capabilities that the National Guard of each State and territory may be able to provide in response to domestic or natural manmade disasters, as reported by the States and territories, including— ‘‘(A) capabilities that can be provided within the State or territory; ‘‘(B) capabilities that can be provided under StatetoState mutual assistance agreements; and ‘‘(C) capabilities for defense support to civil authorities. ‘‘(4) The types of emergency response cyber capabilities of other reserve components of the Armed Forces identified by the Secretary that are available for defense support to civil authorities in response to domestic or natural man made disasters.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) INFORMATION REQUIRED TOKEEPDATABASE CURRENT .—In maintaining the database required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall identify and revise the information required to be reported and included in the database at least once every two years for purposes of keeping the database current.’’. (b) ESTABLISHMENT OF DATABASE .— (1) DEADLINE FOR ESTABLISHMENT .—The Sec retary of Defense shall establish the database required by section 1406 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007, as amended by subsection (a), by not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) USE OF EXISTING DATABASE OR SYSTEM FOR  
CERTAIN CAPABILITIES .—The Secretary may meet the requirement with respect to the capabilities described in subsection (a)(1) of section 1406 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007, as so amended, in connection with the database required by that section through the use or modification of current databases and tracking systems of the Department of Defense, including the Defense Readiness Reporting System, if the Secretary determines that such action will— (A) expedite compliance with the requirement; and (B) achieve such compliance at a cost not greater than the cost of establishing anew the database otherwise covered by the requirement. 
SEC. 1085. DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS FOR UNITED STATESBASED FOREIGN MEDIA OUTLETS. 
Title VII of the Communications Act of 1934 (47 U.S.C. 601 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 722. DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS FOR UNITED STATESBASED FOREIGN MEDIA OUTLETS. 
‘‘(a) R EPORTS BY OUTLETS TO COMMISSION .— Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this section, and not less frequently than every 6 months thereafter, a United States based foreign media outlet shall submit to the Commission a report that contains the following information: ‘‘(1) The name of such outlet. ‘‘(2) A description of the relationship of such outlet to the foreign principal of such outlet, including a description of the legal structure of such relationship and any funding that such outlet receives from such principal. ‘‘(b) REPORTS BY COMMISSION TO CONGRESS .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this section, and not less frequently than every 6 months thereafter, the Commission shall transmit to Congress a report that summarizes the contents of the reports submitted by United Statesbased foreign media outlets under subsection (a) during the preceding 6month period. ‘‘(c) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Commission shall make publicly available on the internet website of the Commission each report submitted by a United Statesbased foreign media outlet under subsection (a) not later than the earlier of— ‘‘(1) the date that is 30 days after the outlet submits the report to the Commission; or ‘‘(2) the date on which the Commission transmits to Congress under subsection (b) the report covering the 6month period during which the report of the outlet was submitted to the Commission under subsection (a). ‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) FOREIGN PRINCIPAL .—The term ‘foreign principal’ has the meaning given such term in section 1(b)(1) of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 (22 U.S.C. 611(b)(1)). ‘‘(2) UNITED STATES BASED FOREIGN MEDIA  
OUTLET .—The term ‘United Statesbased foreign media outlet’ means an entity that— ‘‘(A) produces or distributes video programming (as defined in section 602) that is transmitted, or intended for transmission, by a multichannel video programming distributor (as defined in such section) to consumers in the United States; and ‘‘(B) would be an agent of a foreign principal (as defined in paragraph (1)) for purposes of the Foreign Agents Registration Act of 1938 (22 U.S.C. 611 et seq.) but for section 1(d) of such Act (22 U.S.C. 611(d)).’’. 
SEC. 1086. UNITED STATES POLICY WITH RESPECT TO FREEDOM OF NAVIGATION AND OVERFLIGHT. 
(a) D ECLARATION OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States to fly, sail, and operate throughout the oceans, seas, and airspace of the world wherever international law allows. (b) IMPLEMENTATION OF POLICY .—In furtherance of the policy set forth in subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense should— (1) plan and execute a robust series of routine and regular air and naval presence missions throughout the world and throughout the year, including for critical transportation corridors and key routes for global commerce; (2) in addition to the missions executed pursuant to paragraph (1), execute routine and regular air and maritime freedom of navigation operations throughout the year, in accordance with international law, including, but not limited to, maneuvers beyond innocent passage; and (3) to the maximum extent practicable, execute the missions pursuant to paragraphs (1) and (2) with regional partner countries and allies of the United States. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT ; PURPOSE .— (1) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established the National Commission on Military Aviation Safety (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Commission’’). The Commission shall be considered an independent establishment of the Federal Government as defined by section 104 of title 5, United States Code, and a temporary organization under section 3161 of such title. (2) PURPOSE .—The purpose of the Commission is to examine and make recommendations with respect to certain United States military aviation mishaps. (b) MEMBERSHIP .— (1) COMPOSITION .—The Commission shall be composed of eight members, of whom— (A) four shall be appointed by the President; (B) one shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (C) one shall be appointed by the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; (D) one shall be appointed by the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives; and (E) one shall be appointed by the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (2) APPOINTMENT DATE .—The appointments of the members of the Commission shall be made not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) EFFECT OF LACK OF APPOINTMENT BY AP POINTMENT DATE .—If one or more appointments under subparagraph (A) of paragraph (1) is not made by the appointment date specified in paragraph (2), the authority to make such appointment or appointments shall expire, and the number of members of the Commission shall be reduced by the number equal to the number of appointments so not made. If an appointment under subparagraph (B), (C), (D), or (E) of paragraph (1) is not made by the appointment date specified in paragraph (2), the authority to make an appointment under such subparagraph shall expire, and the number of members of the Commission shall be reduced by the number equal to the number otherwise appointable under such subparagraph. (4) EXPERTISE .—In making appointments under this subsection, consideration should be given to individuals with expertise in military aviation training, aviation technology, military aviation operations, aircraft sustainment and repair, aviation personnel policy, aerospace physiology, and reserve component policy. (5) PERIOD OF APPOINTMENT ; VACANCIES .— Members shall be appointed for the life of the Commission. Any vacancy in the Commission shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner as the original appointment. (6) CHAIR AND VICE CHAIR .—The Commission shall select a Chair and Vice Chair from among its members. The Chair may not be a Federal officer or employee. (7) STATUS AS FEDERAL EMPLOYEES .—Notwith standing the requirements of section 2105 of title 5, United States Code, including the required supervision under subsection (a)(3) of such section, the members of the Commission shall be deemed to be Federal employees. (8) PAY FOR MEMBERS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Except for the Chair, each member of the Commission who is not an officer or employee of the Federal government shall be paid at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay payable for level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the actual performance of duties vested in the Commission. All members of the Commission who are officers or employees of the United States shall serve without compensation in addition to that received for their services as officers or employees of the United States. (B) CHAIR.—The Chair of the Commission shall be paid at a rate equal to the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay payable for level III of the Executive Schedule under section 5314, of title 5, United States Code, for each day (including travel time) during which the member is engaged in the actual performance of duties vested in the Commission. (C) TRAVEL EXPENSES .—The members of the Commission shall be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, at rates 
authorized for employees of agencies under subchapter I of chapter 57 of title 5, United States Code, while away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commission. (c) ADDITIONAL STAFF.— (1) EXECUTIVE DIRECTOR .— (A) APPOINTMENT .—The Commission shall appoint and fix the rate of basic pay for an Executive Director in accordance with section 3161 of title 5, United States Code. (B) LIMITATIONS .—The individual appointed to serve as Executive Director may not have served on active duty in the Armed Forces or as a civilian employee of the Department of Defense during the oneyear period preceding the date of such appointment. (2) COMMISSION STAFF .—The Executive Director, with the approval of the Commission, may appoint and fix the rate of basic pay for additional personnel as staff of the Commission in accordance with section 3161 of title 5, United States Code. (3) DETAILEES .—Not more than half of the personnel employed by or detailed to the Commission may be on detail from the Department of Defense and other Federal departments or agencies. (d) MEETINGS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Commission shall meet at the call of the Chair. (2) INITIAL MEETING .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which all members of the Commission are required to have been appointed under subsection (b)(2), the Commission shall hold its initial meeting. (3) QUORUM .—A majority of the members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum, but a lesser number of members may hold hearings. (e) SPACE FOR COMMISSION .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator of General Services, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall identify and make available suitable excess space within the Federal space inventory to house the operations of the Commission. If the Administrator is not able to make such suitable excess space available within such 90day period, the Commission may lease space to the extent that funds are available for such purpose. (f) CONTRACTING AUTHORITY .—The Commission may enter into contracts for the acquisition of administrative supplies and equipment for use by the Commission, to the extent that funds are available for such purpose. (g) PROCUREMENT OF TEMPORARY AND INTERMITTENT SERVICES .—The Chair of the Commission may procure temporary and intermittent services under section 3109(b) of title 5, United States Code, at rates for individuals which do not exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay prescribed for level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title. (h) DUTIES .— (1) STUDY ON MILITARY AVIATION SAFETY .— The Commission shall undertake a comprehensive study of United States military aviation mishaps that occurred between fiscal years 2013 and 2018 in order— (A) to assess the rates of military aviation mishaps between fiscal years 2013 and 2018 compared to historic aviation mishap rates; (B) to make an assessment of the underlying causes contributing to the unexplained physiological effects; (C) to make an assessment of causes contributing to delays in aviation maintenance and limiting operational availability of aircraft; (D) to make an assessment of the causes contributing to military aviation mishaps; and (E) to make recommendations on the modifications, if any, of safety, training, maintenance, personnel, or other policies related to military aviation safety. (2) REPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2020, the Commission shall submit to the President and the congressional defense committees a report setting forth a detailed statement of the findings and conclusions of the Commission as a result of the study required by paragraph (1), together with the recommendations of the Commission for such legislative and administrative actions as the Commission considers appropriate in light of the results of the study. (i) POWERS .— (1) HEARINGS .—The Commission may hold such hearings, sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, and receive such evidence as the Commission considers advisable to carry out its duties under this subtitle. (2) INFORMATION FROM DEPARTMENT .—The Commission may secure directly from any element of the Department of Defense such information as the Commission considers necessary to carry out its duties under this subtitle. Upon request of the Chair of the Commission, the head of such element shall furnish such information to the Commission. (j) PROTECTION OF PRIVILEGED SAFETY INFOR MATION .— (1) REQUEST OF INFORMATION .—The Commission may request privileged safety information from the Department of Defense. (2) TREATMENT OF INFORMATION .—Any privileged safety information provided to the Commission by the Department of Defense shall be handled by the Commission as though the Commission were a nonDepartment of Defense Federal Government agency under Enclosure 5, Section 8, of Department of Defense Instruction 6055.07, Mishap Notification, Investigation, Reporting, and Record Keeping. (3) PROHIBITION ON USE OF INFORMATION IN  
PUBLIC HEARINGS .—No privileged safety information shall be allowed in any public hearing of the Commission. The Commission may only consider privileged safety information in camera, and no record of the proceedings of the Commission may include privileged safety information. (4) PROHIBITION ON PUBLICATION .—Any privileged safety information secured by the Commission from the Department of Defense— (A) may not be published or revealed to anyone outside the Commission; (B) may not be retained but shall be returned to the originating Department of Defense organization; and (C) may not be included in any Commission report. (5) USE OF AGGREGATED DATA .—Aggregated data based on privileged safety information or information that has been completely sanitized in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction 6055.07, such that individual mishaps are not identifiable, may be included in the report produced by the Commission. (6) DEFINITION OF PRIVILEGED SAFETY INFOR MATION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘privileged safety information’’ has the meaning given it in Department of Defense Instruction 6055.07, dated June 6, 2011. (k) TERMINATION .—The Commission shall terminate 90 days after the date on which the Commission submits the report required under subsection (h)(2). (l) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019, as identified in division D of this Act, $5,000,000 shall be available for the National Commission on Aviation Safety. 
SEC. 1088. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING THE INTERNATIONAL BORDERS OF THE UNITED STATES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) gaining and maintaining situational awareness and operational control of the international borders of the United States is critical to national security; (2) the United States Government must devote adequate resources to securing the border, both at, and between, ports of entry, and the agency tasked with that mission, the Department of Homeland Security, should be adequately resourced to conduct such mission; and (3) the Department of Defense must ensure that when it acts in support of that mission, such as when mobilized by the President to conduct homeland defense activities, or when military facilities are adjacent to an international border of the United States, it has adequate resources, capabilities, and authorities to carry out the mission while maintaining combat readiness. SEC. 1089. POLICY ON RESPONSE TO JUVENILE ONJUVENILE PROBLEMATIC SEXUAL BEHAVIOR COMMITTED ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) P OLICY REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a policy, applicable across the military installations of the Department of Defense (including installations outside the United States), on the response of the Department to allegations of juvenileonjuvenile problematic sexual behavior on military installations. The policy shall be designed to ensure a consistent, standardized response to such allegations across the Department. (b) ELEMENTS .—The policy required by this section shall provide for the following: (1) Any report or other allegation of juvenile onjuvenile problematic sexual behavior on a military installation that is received by the installation commander, a law enforcement organization, a Family Advocacy Program, a child development center, a military treatment facility, or a Department school operating on the installation or otherwise under Department administration for the installation shall be reviewed by the Family Advocacy Program of the installation. (2) Personnel of Family Advocacy Programs conducting reviews shall have appropriate training and experience in working with juveniles. (3) Family Advocacy Programs conducting reviews shall conduct a multifaceted, multidisciplinary review and recommend treatment, counseling, or other appropriate interventions for complainants and respondents. (4) Each review shall be conducted— (A) with full involvement of appropriate authorities and entities, including parents or legal guardians of the juveniles involved (if practicable); and (B) to the extent practicable, in a manner that protects the sensitive nature of the incident concerned, using language appropriate to the treatment of juveniles in written policies and communication with families. (5) The requirement for investigation of a report or other allegation shall not be deemed to terminate or alter any otherwise applicable requirement to report or forward the report or allegation to appropriate Federal, State, or local authorities as possible criminal activity. (6) There shall be established and maintained a centralized database of information on each incident of problematic sexual behavior that is reviewed by a Family Advocacy Program under the policy established under this section, with— (A) the information in such database kept strictly confidential; and (B) because the information involves alleged conduct by juveniles, additional special precautions taken to ensure the information is available only to persons who require access to the information. (7) There shall be entered into the database, for each substantiated or unsubstantiated incident of problematic sexual behavior, appropriate information on the incident, including— (A) a description of the allegation; (B) whether or not the review is completed; (C) whether or not the incident was subject to an investigation by a law enforcement organization or entity, and the status and results of such investigation; and (D) whether or not action was taken in response to the incident, and the nature of the action, if any, so taken. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF SUPPORT .—In order to honor American veterans, including American 
veterans of past wars that the Secretary of Defense determines have not received appropriate recognition, the Secretary may provide such support as the Secretary determines is appropriate for a parade to be carried out in the District of Columbia. In providing support under this subsection, the Secretary may expend funds for the display of small arms and munitions appropriate for customary ceremonial honors and for the participation of military units that perform customary ceremonial duties. (b) PROHIBITION .—In providing support for a parade as described in subsection (a), the Secretary may not expend funds to provide motorized vehicles, aviation platforms, munitions other than the munitions specifically described in subsection (a), operational military units, or operational military platforms if the Secretary determines that providing such units, platforms, or equipment would undermine the readiness of such units, platforms, or equipment. 
SEC. 1091. PROHIBITION OF FUNDS FOR CHINESE LANGUAGE INSTRUCTION PROVIDED BY A CONFUCIUS INSTITUTE. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for Chinese language instruction provided by a Confucius Institute. (b) LIMITATION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to support a Chinese language program at an institution of higher education that hosts a Confucius Institute. (c) WAIVER .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness may waive the limitation in subsection (b) with respect to a Chinese language program at a specific institution of higher education if the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness— (1) certifies to the congressional defense committees that— (A) Confucius Institute employees and instructors will provide no instruction or educational support to the program; (B) Confucius Institute employees and instructors will have no authority with regard to the curriculum and activities of the program; and (C) the institution has made available to the Department of Defense all memoranda of understanding, contracts, and other agreements between the institution and the Confucius Institute, or between the institution and any agency of or organization affiliated with the government of the People’s Republic of China; or (2) certifies to the congressional defense committees that— (A) the requirements described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) of paragraph (1) have been met; and (B) the waiver of the limitation in subsection (b) is necessary for national security, and there is no reasonable alternative to issuing the waiver. (d) DEFINITIONS .— (1) CHINESE LANGUAGE PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Chinese language program’’ means any Department of Defense program designed to provide or support Chinese language instruction, including the National Security Education Program, the Language Flagship program, Project Global Officer, and the Language Training Centers program. (2) CONFUCIUS INSTITUTE .—The term ‘‘Confucius Institute’’ means a Confucius Institute that is operated by the Office of Chinese Languages Council International, also known as Hanban, which is affiliated with the Ministry of Education of the People’s Republic of China. (3) INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001 et seq.). (e) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—The prohibition under subsection (a) and the limitation under subsection (b) shall not apply to an institution of higher education by reason that the institution funds or sponsors an event or activity, regardless of any affiliation of any individual who participates in the event or activity, and nothing shall be construed to prohibit funding for other programs, research or other activities at an institution that hosts a Confucius institute. 
SEC. 1092. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ENGAGEMENT WITH CERTAIN NONPROFIT ENTITIES IN SUPPORT OF MISSIONS OF DEPLOYED UNITED STATES PERSONNEL AROUND THE WORLD. 
(a) F INDING .—Congress finds that Spirit of America, a privatelyfunded, nonpartisan, nonprofit organization, acting in partnership with the Department of Defense, has made an important contribution in supporting the missions of deployed United States personnel around the world. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that United States military commanders should, consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and guidance developed consistent with section 1088 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1605; 10 U.S.C. 113 note), engage with and provide logistical support to covered nonFederal entities, including Spirit of America, to advance the military missions of the Armed Forces. (c) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on Department engagement with covered nonFederal entities. (2) ELEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the engagements of the Department with covered nonFederal entities during the 3year period immediately preceding the date on which the report is submitted. (B) An evaluation of the implementation of the guidance of the Department applicable to Department engagements with covered nonFederal entities, including any guidance issued pursuant to section 1088 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. (C) Recommendations, if any, of the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State for improving the capacity and effectiveness of the Department to engage with covered nonFederal entities. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) COVERED NON FEDERAL ENTITY .—The term ‘‘covered nonFederal entity’’ means an organization that— (A) is based in the United States; (B) has an independent board of directors and is subject to independent financial audits; (C) is substantially privatelyfunded; (D) is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code; and (E) provides international assistance. TITLE XI—CIVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS Sec. 1101. Direct hire authority for the Department of Defense for certain competitive service positions. Sec. 1102. Modification of direct hire authority for the Department of Defense for postsecondary students and recent graduates. Sec. 1103. Extension of overtime rate authority for Department of the Navy employees performing work aboard or dockside in support of the nuclearpowered aircraft carrier forward deployed in Japan. Sec. 1104. Oneyear extension and expansion of authority to waive annual limitation on premium pay and aggregate limitation on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas. Sec. 1105. Extension of authority to conduct telework travel expenses test programs. Sec. 1106. Personnel demonstration projects. Sec. 1107. Expanded flexibility in selecting candidates from referral lists. Sec. 1108. Expedited hiring authority for college graduates and post secondary students. Sec. 1109. Inapplicability of certification of executive qualifications by qualification review boards of Office of Personnel Management for initial appointments to Senior Executive Service positions in Department of Defense. Sec. 1110. Engagement with Historically Black Colleges and Universities and minorityserving institutions for the purposes of technical workforce enhancement. Sec. 1111. Inclusion of Strategic Capabilities Office and Defense Innovation Unit Experimental of the Department of Defense in personnel management authority to attract experts in science and engineering. Sec. 1112. Enhancement of flexible management authorities for science and technology reinvention laboratories of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1113. Inclusion of Office of Secretary of Defense among components of the Department of Defense covered by direct hire authority for financial management experts. Sec. 1114. Alcohol testing of civil service mariners of the Military Sealift Command assigned to vessels. Sec. 1115. Oneyear extension of temporary authority to grant allowances, benefits, and gratuities to civilian personnel on official duty in a combat zone. SEC. 1101. DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FOR CERTAIN COMPETITIVE SERVICE POSITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 99 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 9905. Direct hire authority for certain personnel of the Department of Defense ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may appoint, without regard to the provisions of subchapter I of chapter 33 (other than sections 3303 and 3328 of such chapter), qualified candidates to any of the following positions in the competitive service in the Department of Defense: ‘‘(1) Any position involved with Department maintenance activities, including depotlevel maintenance and repair. ‘‘(2) Any position involved with cybersecurity. ‘‘(3) Any individual in the acquisition workforce that manages any services contracts necessary to the operation and maintenance of programs of the Department. ‘‘(4) Any science, technology, or engineering position, including any such position at the Major Range and Test Facilities Base, in order to allow development of new systems and provide for the maintenance of legacy systems. ‘‘(b) SUNSET .—Effective on September 30, 2025, the authority provided under subsection (a) shall expire.’’. 
(b) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 99 of such title is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 9904 the following new item: ‘‘9905. Direct hire authority for certain personnel of the Department of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 1102. MODIFICATION OF DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FOR POSTSECONDARY STUDENTS AND RECENT GRADUATES. 
Section 1106 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘15 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘25 percent’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 1103. EXTENSION OF OVERTIME RATE AUTHORITY FOR DEPARTMENT OF THE NAVY EMPLOYEES PERFORMING WORK ABOARD OR DOCKSIDE IN SUPPORT OF THE NUCLEARPOWERED AIRCRAFT CARRIER FORWARD DEPLOYED IN JAPAN. 
Section 5542(a)(6)(B) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’. 
SEC. 1104. ONEYEAR EXTENSION AND EXPANSION OF AUTHORITY TO WAIVE ANNUAL LIMITATION ON PREMIUM PAY AND AGGREGATE LIMITATION ON PAY FOR FEDERAL CIVILIAN EMPLOYEES WORKING OVERSEAS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1101(a) of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4615), as most recently amended by section 1105 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is amended by striking ‘‘through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘through 2019’’. (b) APPLICABILITY OF AGGREGATE LIMITATION  
ONPAY.—Section 1101(b) of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4615) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) APPLICABILITY OF AGGREGATE LIMITA TION ON PAY.—In applying section 5307 of title 5, United States Code, any payment in addition to basic pay for a period of time during which a waiver under subsection (a) is in effect shall not be counted as part of an employee’s aggregate compensation for the given calendar year.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1105. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO CONDUCT TELEWORK TRAVEL EXPENSES TEST PROGRAMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 5711(g) of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘7 years after the date of the enactment of the Telework Enhancement Act of 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘on December 31, 2020’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as though enacted on December 1, 2017. 
Section 4703 of title 5, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (d), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) Except as provided in subparagraph (B), not more than 10 active demonstration projects may be in effect at any time. ‘‘(B) Any demonstration project authorized under this section that is active for a period greater than 10 years shall not count for purposes of applying the limitation in subparagraph (A).’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) Each agency at which a demonstration project authorized by this section is ongoing shall submit an annual report to the Office of Personnel Management, the Office and Management and Budget, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the United States Senate, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the United States House of Representatives that includes— ‘‘(1) the aggregate performance appraisal ratings and compensation costs for employees under a demonstration project; ‘‘(2) an assessment of the results of the demonstration project, including its impact on mission goals, employee recruitment, retention, and satisfaction, and which may include the results of the survey authorized under section 1128 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 5 U.S.C. 7101 note), commonly referred to as the Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey, and performance management for employees; and ‘‘(3) a comparison of the items listed in (1) and (2) with employees not covered by the demonstration project.’’. SEC. 1107. EXPANDED FLEXIBILITY IN SELECTING CANDIDATES FROM REFERRAL LISTS. 
(a) E XPANDED FLEXIBILITY .—Subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking sections 3317 and 3318 and inserting the following: ‘‘§ 3317. Competitive service; certification using numerical ratings ‘‘(a) CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Director of the Office of Personnel Management, or the head of an agency to which the Director has delegated examining authority under section 1104(a)(2), shall certify a sufficient number of names from the top of the appropriate register or list of eligibles, as determined pursuant to regulations prescribed under subsection (c), and provide a certificate with such names to an appointing authority that has requested a certificate of eligibles to consider when filling a job in the competitive service. ‘‘(2) MINIMUM NUMBER OF NAMES CERTIFIED .— Unless otherwise provided for in regulations prescribed under subsection (c), the number of names certified under paragraph (1) shall be not less than three. ‘‘(b) DISCONTINUANCE OF CERTIFICATION .— When an appointing authority, for reasons considered sufficient by the Director or head of an agency, has three times considered and passed over a preference eligible who was certified from a register, the Director or head of any agency may discontinue certifying the preference eligible for appointment. The Director or the head of an agency shall provide to such preference eligible notice of the intent to discontinue certifying such preference eligible prior to the discontinuance of certification. ‘‘(c) REGULATIONS .—The Director shall prescribe regulations for the administration of this section. Such regulations shall include the establishment of mechanisms for identifying the eligibles who will be considered for each vacancy. Such mechanisms may include cutoff scores. ‘‘(d) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management. ‘‘§ 3318. Competitive service; selections using numerical ratings ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—An appointing authority shall select for appointment from the eligibles certified for appointment on a certificate furnished under section 3317(a), unless objection to one or more of the individuals certified is made to, and sustained by, the Director of the Office of Personnel Management or the head of an agency to which the Director has delegated examining authority under section 1104(a)(2), for proper and adequate reason under regulations prescribed by the Director. ‘‘(b) OTHER APPOINTING AUTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—During the 240day period beginning on the date of issuance of a certificate of eligibles under section 3317(a), an appointing authority other than the appointing authority requesting the certificate (in this subsection referred to as the ‘other appointing authority’) may select an individual from that certificate in accordance with this subsection for an appointment to a position that is— ‘‘(A) in the same occupational series as the position for which the certification of eligibles was issued (in this subsection referred to as the ‘original position’); and ‘‘(B) at a similar grade level as the original position. ‘‘(2) APPLICABILITY .—An appointing authority requesting a certificate of eligibles may share the certificate with another appointing authority only if the announcement of the original position provided notice that the resulting list of eligible candidates may be used by another appointing authority. ‘‘(3) REQUIREMENTS .—The selection of an individual under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) shall be made in accordance with subsection (a); and ‘‘(B) subject to paragraph (4), may be made without any additional posting under section 3327. ‘‘(4) INTERNAL NOTICE .—Before selecting an individual under paragraph (1), the other appointing authority shall— ‘‘(A) provide notice of the available position to employees of the other appointing authority; ‘‘(B) provide up to 10 business days for employees of the other appointing authority to apply for the position; and ‘‘(C) review the qualifications of employees submitting an application. ‘‘(c) PASSOVER.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (2), if an appointing authority proposes to pass over a preference eligible certified for appointment under subsection (a) and select an individual who is not a preference eligible, the appointing authority shall file written reasons with the Director or the head of the agency for passing over the preference eligible. The Director or the head of the agency shall make the reasons presented by the appointing authority part of the record of the preference eligible and may require the submission of more detailed information from the appointing authority in support of the passing over of the preference eligible. The Director or the head of the agency shall determine the sufficiency or insufficiency of the reasons submitted by the appointing authority, taking into account any response received from the preference eligible under paragraph (2). When the Director or the head of the agency has completed review of the proposed passover of the preference eligible, the Director or the head of the agency shall send its findings to the appointing authority and to the preference eligible. The appointing authority shall comply with the findings. ‘‘(2) PREFERENCE ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS WHO  
HAVE A COMPENSABLE SERVICE CONNECTED DIS ABILITY .—In the case of a preference eligible described in section 2108(3)(C) who has a compensable serviceconnected disability of 30 percent or more, the appointing authority shall notify the Director under paragraph (1) and, at the same time, notify the preference eligible of the proposed passover, of the reasons for the proposed passover, and of the individual’s right to respond to those reasons to the Director within 15 days of the date of the notification. The Director shall, before completing the review under paragraph (1), require a demonstration by the appointing authority that the notification was timely sent to the preference eligible’s last known address. ‘‘(3) FURTHER CONSIDERATION NOT RE QUIRED .—When a preference eligible, for reasons considered sufficient by the Director, or in the case of a preference eligible described in paragraph (1), by the head of an agency, has been passed over in accordance with this subsection for the same position, the appointing authority 
is not required to give further consideration to that preference eligible while selecting from the same list for a subsequent appointment to such position. ‘‘(4) DELEGATION PROHIBITION .—In the case of a preference eligible described in paragraph (2), the functions of the Director under this subsection may not be delegated to an individual who is not an officer or employee of the Office of Personnel Management. ‘‘(d) SPECIAL RULE REGARDING REEMPLOY MENT LISTS.—When the names of preference eligibles are on a reemployment list appropriate for the position to be filled, an appointing authority may appoint from a register of eligibles established after examination only an individual who qualifies as a preference eligible under subparagraph (C), (D), (E), (F), or (G) of section 2108(3). ‘‘(e) CONSIDERATION NOTREQUIRED .—In ac cordance with regulations prescribed by the Director, an appointing officer is not required to consider an eligible who has been considered by the appointing officer for three separate appointments from the same or different certificates for the same position. ‘‘(f) REGULATIONS .—The Director shall prescribe regulations for the administration of this section. ‘‘(d) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such subchapter is further amended— (1) in section 3319— (A) by amending the section heading to read as follows: ‘‘§ 3319. Competitive service; selection using category rating’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking paragraph (6), redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (6), and amending paragraph (6) (as so redesignated) to read as follows: ‘‘(6) PREFERENCE ELIGIBLES .— ‘‘(A) SATISFACTION OF CERTAIN REQUIRE MENTS .—Notwithstanding paragraphs (1) and (2), an appointing official may not pass over a preference eligible in the same category from which selection is made, unless the requirements of sections 3317(b) and 3318(c), as applicable, are satisfied. ‘‘(B) FURTHER CONSIDERATION NOT RE QUIRED .—When a preference eligible, for reasons considered sufficient by the Director, or in the case of a preference eligible described in section 3318(c)(1), by the head of an agency, has been passed over in accordance with section 3318(c) for the same position, the appointing authority is not required to give further consideration to that preference eligible while selecting from the same list for a subsequent appointment to such position. ‘‘(C) LIST OF ELIGIBLES ISSUED FROM A STAND ING REGISTER ; DISCONTINUATION OF CERTIFI CATION .—In the case of lists of eligibles issued from a standing register, when an appointing authority, for reasons considered sufficient by the Director or the head of an agency, has three times considered and passed over a preference eligible who was certified from a register, certification of the preference eligible for appointment may be discontinued. However, the preference eligible is entitled to advance notice of discontinuance of certification in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Director.’’; and (2) in the first sentence of section 3320, by striking ‘‘sections 3308–3318’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 3308 through 3319’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by striking the items relating to sections 3317, 3318, and 3319 and inserting the following: ‘‘3317. Competitive service; certification using numerical ratings ‘‘3318. Competitive service; selection using numerical ratings ‘‘3319. Competitive service; selection using category rating’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date on which the Director of the Office of Personnel Management issues final regulations to implement sections 3317, 3318, and 3319 of title 5, United States Code, as amended or added by this section. (2) REGULATIONS REQUIRED .—The Director shall issue regulations under paragraph (1) not later than one year after the date of enactment of this section. 
SEC. 1108. EXPEDITED HIRING AUTHORITY FOR COLLEGE GRADUATES AND POST SECONDARY STUDENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter I of chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 3115. Expedited hiring authority for college graduates; competitive service ‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) DIRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management. ‘‘(2) INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). ‘‘(b) APPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The head of an agency may appoint, without regard to any provision of sections 3309 through 3319 and 3330, a qualified individual to a position in the competitive service classified in a professional or administrative occupational category at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below. ‘‘(2) RESTRICTIONS .—An appointment under paragraph (1) shall be made in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Director. ‘‘(c) QUALIFICATIONS FOR APPOINTMENT .—The head of an agency may make an appointment under subsection (b) only if the individual being appointed— ‘‘(1) has received a baccalaureate or graduate degree from an institution of higher education; ‘‘(2) applies for the position— ‘‘(A) not later than 2 years after the date on which the individual being appointed received the degree described in paragraph (1); or ‘‘(B) in the case of an individual who has completed a period of not less than 4 years of obligated service in a uniformed service, not later than 2 years after the date of the discharge or release of the individual from that service; and ‘‘(3) meets each minimum qualification standard prescribed by the Director for the position to which the individual is being appointed. ‘‘(d) PUBLIC NOTICE AND ADVERTISING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The head of an agency making an appointment under subsection (b) shall publicly advertise positions under this section. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the head of an agency shall— ‘‘(A) adhere to merit system principles; ‘‘(B) advertise positions in a manner that provides for diverse and qualified applicants; and ‘‘(C) ensure potential applicants have appropriate information relevant to the positions available. ‘‘(e) LIMITATION ON APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the total number of employees that the head of an agency may appoint under this section during a fiscal year may not exceed the number equal to 15 percent of the number of individuals that the agency head appointed during the previous fiscal year to a position in the competitive service classified in a professional or administrative occupational category, at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below, under a competitive examining procedure. ‘‘(2) EXCEPTIONS .—Under a regulation prescribed under subsection (f), the Director may establish a lower limit on the number of individuals that may be appointed under paragraph (1) of this subsection during a fiscal year based on any factor the Director considers appropriate. ‘‘(f) REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Director shall issue interim regulations, with an opportunity for comment, for the administration of this section. ‘‘(g) REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than September 30 of each of the first 3 fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of this section, the head of an agency that makes an appointment under this section shall submit a report to— ‘‘(A) Congress that assesses the impact of the use of the authority provided under this section during the fiscal year in which the report is submitted; and ‘‘(B) the Director that contains data that the Director considers necessary for the Director to assess the impact and effectiveness of the authority described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) CONTENT .—The head of an agency shall include in each report under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the total number of individuals appointed by the agency under this section, as well as the number of such individuals who are— ‘‘(i) minorities or members of other underrepresented groups; or ‘‘(ii) veterans; ‘‘(B) recruitment sources; ‘‘(C) the total number of individuals appointed by the agency during the applicable fiscal year to a position in the competitive service classified in a professional or administrative occupational category at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below; and ‘‘(D) any additional data specified by the Director. ‘‘(h) SPECIAL PROVISION REGARDING THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— ‘‘(1) AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this section shall preclude the Secretary of Defense from exercising any authority to appoint a recent graduate under section 1106 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any applicable successor statute. ‘‘(2) REGULATIONS .—Any regulations prescribed by the Director for the administration of this section shall not apply to the Department of Defense during the period ending on the date on which the appointment authority of the Secretary of Defense under section 1106 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any applicable successor statute, terminates. ‘‘§ 3116. Expedited hiring authority for post secondary students; competitive service ‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) DIRECTOR .—The term ‘Director’ means the Director of the Office of Personnel Management. ‘‘(2) INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘institution of higher education’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). ‘‘(3) STUDENT .—The term ‘student’ means an individual enrolled or accepted for enrollment in an institution of higher education who is pursuing a baccalaureate or graduate degree on at least a parttime basis as determined by the institution of higher education. ‘‘(b) APPOINTMENT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The head of an agency may make a timelimited appointment of a student, without regard to any provision of sections 3309 through 3319 and 3330, to a position in the competitive service at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below for which the student is qualified. ‘‘(2) RESTRICTIONS .—An appointment under paragraph (1) shall be made in accordance with regulations prescribed by the Director. ‘‘(c) PUBLIC NOTICE .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—The head of an agency making an appointment under subsection (b) shall publicly advertise positions available under this section. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the head of an agency shall— ‘‘(A) adhere to merit system principles; ‘‘(B) advertise positions in a manner that provides for diverse and qualified applicants; and ‘‘(C) ensure potential applicants have appropriate information relevant to the positions available. ‘‘(d) LIMITATION ON APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the total number of students that the head of an agency may appoint under this section during a fiscal year may not exceed the number equal to 15 percent of the number of students that the agency head appointed during the previous fiscal year to a position in the competitive service at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below. ‘‘(2) EXCEPTIONS .—Under a regulation prescribed under subsection (g), the Director may establish a lower limit on the number of students that may be appointed under paragraph (1) of this subsection during a fiscal year based on any factor the Director considers appropriate. ‘‘(e) CONVERSION .—The head of an agency may, without regard to any provision of chapter 33 or any other provision of law relating to the examination, certification, and appointment of individuals in the competitive service, convert a student serving in an appointment under subsection (b) to a permanent appointment in the competitive service within the agency without further competition if the student— ‘‘(1) has completed the course of study leading to the baccalaureate or graduate degree; ‘‘(2) has completed not less than 640 hours of current continuous employment in an appointment under subsection (b); and ‘‘(3) meets the qualification standards for the position to which the student will be converted. ‘‘(f) TERMINATION .—The head of an agency shall, without regard to any provision of chapter 35 or 75, terminate the appointment of a student appointed under subsection (b) upon completion of the designated academic course of study unless the student is selected for conversion under subsection (e). ‘‘(g) REGULATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Director shall issue interim regulations, with an opportunity for comment, for the administration of this section. ‘‘(h) REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than September 30 of each of the first 3 fiscal years beginning after the date of enactment of this section, the head of an agency that makes an appointment under this section shall submit a report to— ‘‘(A) Congress that assesses the impact of the use of the authority provided under this section during the fiscal year in which the report is submitted; and ‘‘(B) the Director that contains data that the Director considers necessary for the Director to assess the impact and effectiveness of the authority described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) CONTENT .—The head of an agency shall include in each report under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) the total number of individuals appointed by the agency under this section, as well as the number of such individuals who are— ‘‘(i) minorities or members of other underrepresented groups; or ‘‘(ii) veterans; ‘‘(B) recruitment sources; ‘‘(C) the total number of individuals appointed by the agency during the applicable fiscal year to a position in the competitive service at the GS–11 level, or an equivalent level, or below; and ‘‘(D) any additional data specified by the Director. ‘‘(i) SPECIAL PROVISION REGARDING THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .— ‘‘(1) AUTHORITY .—Nothing in this section shall preclude the Secretary of Defense from exercising any authority to appoint a postsecondary student under section 1106 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any applicable successor statute. ‘‘(2) REGULATIONS .—Any regulations prescribed by the Director for the administration of this section shall not apply to the Department of Defense during the period ending on the date on which the appointment authority of the Secretary of Defense under section 1106 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. note prec. 1580), or any applicable successor statute, terminates.’’. (b) TABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subchapter I of chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘3115. Expedited hiring authority for college graduates; competitive service ‘‘3116. Expedited hiring authority for postsecondary students; competitive service’’. 
SEC. 1109. INAPPLICABILITY OF CERTIFICATION OF EXECUTIVE QUALIFICATIONS BY QUALIFICATION REVIEW BOARDS OF OFFICE OF PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT FOR INITIAL APPOINTMENTS TO SENIOR EXECUTIVE SERVICE POSITIONS IN DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) T EMPORARY INAPPLICABILITY .—Notwith standing section 3393(c) of title 5, United States Code, or any regulations implementing that section, and subject to the provisions of this section, the Secretary of Defense may appoint individuals for service in the Senior Executive Service of the Department of Defense without such individuals being subject to the certification of executive qualifications by a qualification review board of the Office of Personnel Management in connection with such appointment otherwise required by that section. (b) QUALIFICATIONS OF INDIVIDUALS APPOINTED .—The Secretary shall ensure that individuals appointed under this section possess the necessary qualifications and experience for the position to which appointed. (c) LIMITATION .—The total number of appointments made under this section in any year may not exceed 50 appointments. (d) REPORTS .— (1) INITIAL REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the committees of Congress and official specified in paragraph (3) a report on the number and type of appointments made under this section as of the date of the report, including— (A) a description of the qualifications of the individuals appointed; and (B) data on the time required to appoint the individuals. (2) FINAL REPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the committees of Congress and official specified in paragraph (3) a report on the use of the authority in this section. The report shall include the following: (A) The number and type of appointments made under this section during the oneyear period ending on the date of the report. (B) Data on and an assessment whether appointments under the authority in this section reduced the time to hire when compared with the time to hire under the current review system of the Office of Personnel Management. (C) An assessment of the utility of the appointment authority and process under this section. (D) An assessment whether the appointments made under this section resulted in higher quality new executives for the Senior Executive Service of the Department when compared with the executives produced under the current review system of the Office of Personnel Management. (E) Any recommendation for the improvement of the selection and qualification process for the Senior Executive Service of the Department that the Secretary considers necessary in order to attract and hire highly qualified candidates for service in that Senior Executive Service. (3) COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS AND OFFICIAL .— The committees of Congress and official specified in this paragraph are— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives; and (C) the Director of the Office of Personnel Management. (e) SUNSET .—Subsection (a) shall cease to be effective on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1110. ENGAGEMENT WITH HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES AND UNIVERSITIES AND MINORITYSERVING INSTITUTIONS FOR THE PURPOSES OF TECHNICAL WORKFORCE ENHANCEMENT. 
(a) R EPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop and submit a report to the congressional defense committees detailing activities to increase engagement with covered educational institutions (as that term is defined in section 2362(e) of title 10, United States Code) for the purpose of increasing the number of graduates of such institutions to accept positions in Department of Defense Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematicsrelated positions important to the national security functions of the Department. (b) DEVELOPMENT .—The report required under subsection (a) shall be developed jointly by the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness, in consultation with all appropriate officials in the Department and relevant interagency, academic, and private sector entities. (c) CONTENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall identify— (1) metrics to assess engagement with covered educational institution students, including scholarships, fellowships, internships and co ops, and specific steps to improve performance relative to those metrics; (2) specific outreach activities to better engage covered educational institution students on Department of Defense Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics employment opportunities; and (3) metrics on hiring of covered educational institution graduates in Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematicsrelated positions and plans to increase such hiring. (d) CONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the report required under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall assess the use of the authorities provided under section 2358a of title 10, United States Code, in engagements with covered educational institutions. 
SEC. 1111. INCLUSION OF STRATEGIC CAPABILITIES OFFICE AND DEFENSE INNOVATION UNIT EXPERIMENTAL OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE IN PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT AUTHORITY TO ATTRACT EXPERTS IN SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (a) of section 1599h of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) STRATEGIC CAPABILITIES OFFICE .—The Di rector of the Strategic Capabilities Office may carry out a program of personnel management authority provided in subsection (b) in order to facilitate recruitment of eminent experts in science or engineering for the Office. 
‘‘(5) D IUX.—The Director of the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental may carry out a program of personnel management authority provided in subsection (b) in order to facilitate recruitment of eminent experts in science or engineering for the Unit.’’. (b) SCOPE OF APPOINTMENT AUTHORITY .—Sub section (b)(1) of such section is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(D) in the case of the Strategic Capabilities Office, appoint scientists and engineers to a total of not more than 5 scientific and engineering positions in the Office; and ‘‘(E) in the case of the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental, appoint scientists and engineers to a total of not more than 5 scientific and engineering positions in the Unit;’’. (c) EXTENSION OF TERMS OF APPOINTMENT .— Subsection (c)(2) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘or the Office of Operational Test and Evaluation’’ and inserting ‘‘the Office of Operational Test and Evaluation, the Strategic Capabilities Office, or the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental’’. 
SEC. 1112. ENHANCEMENT OF FLEXIBLE MANAGEMENT AUTHORITIES FOR SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY REINVENTION LABORATORIES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) E NHANCEMENT OF NONCOMPETITIVE CONVERSIONS OF APPOINTMENTS OF STUDENTS ENROLLED IN SCIENTIFIC AND ENGINEERING PROGRAMS .—Section 2358a(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘TO PERMANENT APPOINTMENT’’ and inserting ‘‘OF APPOINTMENTS’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘to a permanent appointment’’ and inserting ‘‘to another temporary appointment or to a term or permanent appointment’’. (b) ENHANCEMENT OF PILOT PROGRAM ON DYNAMIC SHAPING OF WORKFORCE TECHNICAL  SKILLS AND EXPERTISE .—Section 1109(b)(1)(A) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1028; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended by striking ‘‘to appoint’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘to make appointments as follows: ‘‘(i) Appointment of qualified scientific and technical personnel who are not current Department of Defense civilian employees into any scientific or technical position in the laboratory for a period of more than one year but not more than six years. ‘‘(ii) Appointment of qualified scientific and technical personnel who are Department civilian employees in term appointments into any scientific or technical position in the laboratory for a period of more than one year but not more than six years.’’. 
SEC. 1113. INCLUSION OF OFFICE OF SECRETARY OF DEFENSE AMONG COMPONENTS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE COVERED BY DIRECT HIRE AUTHORITY FOR FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT EXPERTS. 
Section 1110(f) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 1580 note prec.) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (9) as paragraphs (2) through (10), respectively; and (2) by inserting before paragraph (2) the following new paragraph (1): ‘‘(1) The Office of the Secretary of Defense.’’. 
SEC. 1114. ALCOHOL TESTING OF CIVIL SERVICE MARINERS OF THE MILITARY SEALIFT COMMAND ASSIGNED TO VESSELS. 
(a) A LCOHOL TESTING .—Chapter 643 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 7479 the following new section: ‘‘§ 7479a. Civil service mariners of military sealift command: alcohol testing ‘‘The Secretary of the Navy may prescribe regulations establishing a program to conduct on duty reasonable suspicion alcohol testing and postaccident alcohol testing of civil service mariners of the Military Sealift Command who are assigned to vessels.’’. (b) RELEASE OF ALCOHOL TESTRESULTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 7479 of such title is amended— (A) in the heading of subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘Or Alcohol’’ after ‘‘Drug’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or alcohol’’ after ‘‘drug’’ each place it appears. (2) HEADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 7479. Civil service mariners of military sealift command: release of drug and alcohol test results to coast guard’’. (c) TABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 643 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 7479 and inserting the following new items: ‘‘7479. Civil service mariners of Military Sealift Command: release of drug and alcohol test results to Coast Guard ‘‘7479a. Civil service mariners of Military Sealift Command: alcohol testing’’. 
SEC. 1115. ONEYEAR EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY AUTHORITY TO GRANT ALLOWANCES, BENEFITS, AND GRATUITIES TO CIVILIAN PERSONNEL ON OFFICIAL DUTY IN A COMBAT ZONE. 
Paragraph (2) of section 1603(a) of the Emergency Supplemental Appropriations Act for Defense, the Global War on Terror, and Hurricane Recovery, 2006 (Public Law 109–234; 120 Stat. 443), as added by section 1102 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4616) and most recently amended by section 1108 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. TITLE XII—MATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN NATIONS Subtitle A—Assistance and Training Sec. 1201. Modification of authority to build the capacity of foreign security forces. Sec. 1202. Clarification of authority for use of advisors and trainers for training of personnel of foreign ministries with security missions under defense institution capacity building authorities. Sec. 1203. Increase in cost limitation and additional notification required for small scale construction related to security cooperation. Sec. 1204. Technical corrections relating to defense security cooperation statutory reorganization. Sec. 1205. Review and report on processes and procedures used to carry out section 362 of title 10, United States Code. Sec. 1206. Report on the use of security cooperation authorities. Sec. 1207. Participation in and support of the InterAmerican Defense College. Sec. 1208. Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School. Sec. 1209. Expansion of Regional Defense Combating Terrorism Fellowship Program to include irregular warfare. Sec. 1210. Modification to Department of Defense State Partnership Program. Sec. 1211. Assessment, monitoring, and evaluation of security cooperation. Sec. 1212. Legal and policy review of advise, assist, and accompany missions. Sec. 1213. Extension and modification of authority to support border security operations of certain foreign countries. Sec. 1214. Framework for obtaining concurrence for participation in activities of regional centers for security studies. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan Sec. 1221. Extension of authority to transfer defense articles and provide defense services to the military and security forces of Afghanistan. Sec. 1222. Extension and modification of reporting requirements for special immigrant visas for Afghan allies program. Sec. 1223. Afghanistan Security Forces Fund. Sec. 1224. Extension and modification of Commanders’ Emergency Response Program. Sec. 1225. Extension and modification of authority for reimbursement of certain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations. Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran Sec. 1231. Extension and modification of authority to provide assistance to the vetted Syrian opposition. Sec. 1232. Syrian war crimes accountability. Sec. 1233. Extension of authority to provide assistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. Sec. 1234. Limitation on assistance to the Government of Iraq. Sec. 1235. Extension and modification of authority to support operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. Sec. 1236. Modification of annual report on military power of Iran. Sec. 1237. Strategy to counter destabilizing activities of Iran. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to the Russian Federation Sec. 1241. Prohibition on availability of funds relating to sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. Sec. 1242. Limitation on availability of funds relating to implementation of the Open Skies Treaty. Sec. 1243. Determination required regarding material breach of INF Treaty by the Russian Federation. Sec. 1244. Comprehensive response to the Russian Federation’s material breach of the INF Treaty. Sec. 1245. Report on implementation of the New START Treaty. Sec. 1246. Modification and extension of Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative. Sec. 1247. Extension of limitation on military cooperation between the United States and the Russian Federation. Sec. 1248. Sense of Congress on enhancing deterrence against Russian aggression in Europe. Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the IndoPacific Region Sec. 1251. Name of United States IndoPacific Command. Sec. 1252. Redesignation, expansion, and extension of Southeast Asia Maritime Security Initiative. Sec. 1253. Redesignation and modification of sense of Congress and initiative for the IndoAsiaPacific region. Sec. 1254. Assessment of and report on geopolitical conditions in the Indo Pacific region. Sec. 1255. Sense of Congress on extended nuclear deterrence in the IndoPacific region. Sec. 1256. Reinstatement of reporting requirements with respect to United StatesHong Kong relations. Sec. 1257. Strengthening Taiwan’s force readiness. Sec. 1258. Sense of Congress on Taiwan. 
Sec. 1259. Prohibition on participation of the People’s Republic of China in Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC) naval exercises. Sec. 1260. Modification of annual report on military and security developments involving the People’s Republic of China. Sec. 1261. United States strategy on China. Sec. 1262. Report on military and coercive activities of the People’s Republic of China in South China Sea. Sec. 1263. Requirement for critical languages and expertise in Chinese, Korean, Russian, Farsi, and Arabic. Sec. 1264. Limitation on use of funds to reduce the total number of members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty who are deployed to the Republic of Korea. Sec. 1265. Reports on nuclear capabilities of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. Sec. 1266. Modification of report required under enhancing defense and security cooperation with India. Subtitle F—Reports and Other Matters Sec. 1271. Modification of authorities relating to acquisition and crossservicing agreements. Sec. 1272. United StatesIsrael countering unmanned aerial systems cooperation. Sec. 1273. Enhancement of U.S.Israel defense cooperation. Sec. 1274. Review to determine whether the Armed Forces or coalition partners of the United States violated Federal law or Department of Defense policy while conducting operations in Yemen. Sec. 1275. Report on United States Government security cooperation and assistance programs with Mexico. Sec. 1276. Report on Department of Defense missions, operations, and activities in Niger. Sec. 1277. Report on the security relationship between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus. Sec. 1278. Sense of Congress on detention of United States citizens by the Government of the Republic of Turkey. Sec. 1279. Technical amendments related to NATO Support and Procurement Organization and related NATO agreements. Sec. 1280. Report on permanent stationing of United States forces in the Republic of Poland. Sec. 1281. Report on strengthening NATO cyber defense. Sec. 1282. Report on status of the United States relationship with the Republic of Turkey. Sec. 1283. Sense of the Congress concerning militarytomilitary dialogues. Sec. 1284. Modifications to Global Engagement Center. Sec. 1285. Sense of Congress on countering hybrid threats and malign influence. Sec. 1286. Initiative to support protection of national security academic researchers from undue influence and other security threats. Sec. 1287. Report on Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. Sec. 1288. Modification of freedom of navigation reporting requirements. Sec. 1289. Coordination of efforts to negotiate free trade agreements with certain subSaharan African countries. Sec. 1290. Certifications regarding actions by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates in Yemen. Sec. 1291. Treatment of Rwandan Patriotic Front and Rwandan Patriotic Army under Immigration and Nationality Act. Sec. 1292. Limitation on availability of funds to implement the Arms Trade Treaty. Sec. 1293. Prohibition on provision of weapons and other forms of support to certain organizations. Sec. 1294. Modified waiver authority for certain sanctionable transactions under section 231 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act. Sec. 1295. Rule of construction relating to the use of force. Subtitle A—Assistance and Training 
SEC. 1201. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO BUILD THE CAPACITY OF FOREIGN SECURITY FORCES. 
Section 333(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘In developing and planning a program to build the capacity of the national security forces of a foreign country under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State should jointly consider political, social, economic, diplomatic, and historical factors, if any, of the foreign country that may impact the effectiveness of the program.’’. 
SEC. 1202. CLARIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR USE OF ADVISORS AND TRAINERS FOR TRAINING OF PERSONNEL OF FOREIGN MINISTRIES WITH SECURITY MISSIONS UNDER DEFENSE INSTITUTION CAPACITY BUILDING AUTHORITIES. 
Section 332(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘assign civilian employees of the Department of Defense and members of the armed forces as advisors or trainers’’ and inserting ‘‘provide advisors or trainers’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘assigned’’ each place it appears (other than the last place) and inserting ‘‘provided’’; (B) by striking ‘‘assigned advisor or trainer’’ and inserting ‘‘advisor or trainer so provided’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘each assignment’’ and inserting ‘‘each provision of such an advisor or trainer’’. 
SEC. 1203. INCREASE IN COST LIMITATION AND ADDITIONAL NOTIFICATION REQUIRED FOR SMALL SCALE CONSTRUCTION RELATED TO SECURITY COOPERATION. 
SCALE CONSTRUCTION .—Section 301(8) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘$750,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,500,000’’. (b) ADDITIONAL NOTIFICATION REQUIRED FOR  CERTAIN AUTHORIZED SUPPORT TYPES.—Section 331(c)(5) of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘In the case of support provided under this paragraph that results in the provision of smallscale construction above $750,000, the notification pursuant to subsection (b)(2) shall include the location, project title, and cost of each such small scale construction project that will be carried out, a Department of Defense Form 1391 for each such project, and a masterplan of planned infrastructure investments at the location.’’ (c) ADDITIONAL NOTIFICATION REQUIRED FOR  CERTAIN AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES TO BUILD CAPACITY .—Section 333 of such title is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1), by inserting ‘‘supporting security cooperation programs under this section’’ after ‘‘smallscale construction’’; and (2) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) In the case of activities under a program that results in the provision of smallscale construction above $750,000, the location, project title, and cost of each smallscale construction project that will be carried out, a Department of Defense Form 1391 for each such project, and a masterplan of planned infrastructure investments at the location over the next 5 years.’’. SEC. 1204. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS RELATING TO DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION STATUTORY REORGANIZATION. 
(a) C HAPTER REFERENCES .—The following provisions of law are amended by striking ‘‘chapter 15’’ and inserting ‘‘chapter 13’’: (1) Section 886(a)(5) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 466(a)(5)). (2) Section 332(a)(1) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 1982(a)(1)). (3) Section 101(a)(13)(B) of title 10, United States Code. (4) Section 115(i)(6) of title 10, United States Code. (5) Section 12304(c)(1) of title 10, United States Code. (6) Section 484C(c)(3)(C)(v)) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1091c(c)(3)(C)(v)). (b) SECTION REFERENCES .—(1) Title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 386(c)(1), by striking ‘‘Sections 311, 321, 331, 332, 333,’’ and inserting ‘‘Sections 246, 251, 252, 253, 321,’’; and (B) in section 10541(b)(9) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘sections 331, 332, 333,’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 251, 252, 253,’’. (2) Section 484C(c)(3)(C)(i)) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1091c(c)(3)(C)(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 331, 332,’’ and inserting ‘‘section 251, 252,’’. (c) OTHER TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .—(1) Chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (A) in section 311(a)(3), by striking ‘‘Secretary to State’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary of State’’; (B) in section 321(e), by striking ‘‘calender’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘calendar’’; (C) in the table of sections at the beginning of subchapter V of such chapter, by striking the item relating to section 342 and inserting the following: ‘‘342. Regional Centers for Security Studies.’’; (D) in section 347— (i) in the heading of subsection (a)(7), by striking ‘‘
ETC.’’ and inserting ‘‘ ETC’’; and (ii) in the heading of subsection (b)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘
ETC.’’ and inserting ‘‘ ETC’’; and (E) in section 385(d)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘include’’ and inserting ‘‘including’’. (2) Section 1204(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 362 note) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘section 2249e’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘section 362’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘subsection (f) of section 2249e of title 10, United States Code (as so added)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 301(1) of title 10, United States Code’’. 
SEC. 1205. REVIEW AND REPORT ON PROCESSES AND PROCEDURES USED TO CARRY OUT SECTION 362 OF TITLE 10, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) R EVIEW .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall conduct a review of the processes and procedures used to carry out section 362 of title 10, United States Code. (b) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains a summary and evaluation of the review required by subsection (a). (2) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The report required by this subsection shall include the following: 
(A) A description of the procedures used to obtain and verify information regarding the vetting of partner units for gross violation of human rights required under section 362 of title 10, United States Code, and to share such information with the Department of State. (B) A description of the procedures used to conduct remediation of units determined or alleged to have committed gross violation of human rights, including a list of each unit completing such remediation since December 19, 2014. (C) An assessment of the procedures and associated timelines to implement the requirements of such section 362 on the Department of Defense’s ability to comply with such section 362 and achieve national security goals. (D) A description of the processes and procedures used to implement section 1206 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3538), including the process of obtaining the concurrence of the Secretary of State as required under subsection (c)(1) of such section. (E) Recommendations to revise authorities to improve the processes and procedures related to the vetting of foreign partner units for gross violations of human rights. (F) Any other matters the Secretary considers appropriate. (3) FORM.—The report required by this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form but may include a classified annex. (4) DEFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (c) AMENDMENT TO EXISTING LAW.—Sub section (b)(3) of section 1206 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 2282 note) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (b) of section 2249e of title 10, United States Code (as added by section 1204(a) of this Act)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 362(b) of title 10, United States Code’’. 
SEC. 1206. REPORT ON THE USE OF SECURITY COOPERATION AUTHORITIES. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense should utilize appropriate security cooperation authorities to counter malign influence campaigns by strategic competitors and other state actors that are directed at allied and partner countries and that pose a significant threat to the national security of the United States. (b) REPORT ON FUNDING .—The Secretary of Defense shall include with the consolidated budget materials submitted to Congress as required by section 381 of title 10, United States Code, for fiscal years 2020 and 2021 a report on the use of security cooperation funding to counter malign influence campaigns by strategic competitors and other state actors directed at allied and partner countries and posing a significant threat to the national security of the United States. 
SEC. 1207. PARTICIPATION IN AND SUPPORT OF THE INTERAMERICAN DEFENSE COLLEGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter V of chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 351. InterAmerican Defense College ‘‘(a) AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT .—The Secretary of Defense may authorize members of the armed forces and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense to participate in the operation of and the provision of support to the InterAmerican Defense College and provide logistic support, supplies, and services to the InterAmerican Defense College, including the use of Department of Defense facilities and equipment, as the Secretary considers necessary to— ‘‘(1) assist the InterAmerican Defense College in its mission to develop and offer to military officers and civilian officials from member states of the Organization of American States advanced academic courses on matters related to military and defense issues, the interAmerican system, and related disciplines; and ‘‘(2) ensure that the InterAmerican Defense College provides an academic program of a level of quality, rigor, and credibility that is commensurate with the standards of Department of Defense senior service colleges and that includes the promotion of security cooperation, human rights, humanitarian assistance and disaster response, peacekeeping, and democracy in the Western Hemisphere. ‘‘(b) MEMORANDUM OF UNDERSTANDING .—(1) The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Inter American Defense Board for the participation of members of the armed forces and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense in the operation of and provision of host nation support to the InterAmerican Defense College under subsection (a). ‘‘(2) If Department of Defense facilities, equipment, or funds will be used to support the Inter American Defense College under subsection (a), a memorandum of understanding entered into under paragraph (1) shall include a description of any costsharing arrangement or other funding arrangement relating to the use of such facilities, equipment, or funds. ‘‘(3) A memorandum of understanding entered into under paragraph (1) shall also include a curriculum and a plan for academic program development. ‘‘(c) USE OF FUNDS.—(1) Funds appropriated to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to pay costs that the Secretary determines are necessary for the participation of members of the armed forces and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense in the operation of and provision of host nation support to the InterAmerican Defense College, including— ‘‘(A) the costs of expenses of such participants; ‘‘(B) the cost of hiring and retaining qualified professors, instructors, and lecturers; ‘‘(C) curriculum support costs, including administrative costs, academic outreach, and curriculum support personnel; ‘‘(D) the cost of translation and interpretation services; ‘‘(E) the cost of information and educational technology; ‘‘(F) the cost of utilities; and ‘‘(G) the cost of maintenance and repair of facilities. ‘‘(2) No funds may be used under this section to provide for the pay of members of the armed forces or civilian personnel of the Department of Defense who participate in the operation of and the provision of host nation support to the InterAmerican Defense College under this section. ‘‘(3) Funds available to carry out this section for a fiscal year may be used for activities that begin in such fiscal year and end in the next fiscal year. ‘‘(d) WAIVER OF REIMBURSEMENT .—The Sec retary of Defense may waive reimbursement for developing countries (as such term is defined in section 301 of this title) of the costs of funding and other host nation support provided to the InterAmerican Defense College under this section if the Secretary determines that the provision of such funding or support without reimbursement is in the national security interest of the United States. ‘‘(e) LOGISTIC SUPPORT , SUPPLIES , ANDSERVICESDEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘logistic support, supplies, and services’ has the meaning given that term in section 2350 of this title.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter V of chapter 16 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 351. InterAmerican Defense College.’’. SEC. 1208. NAVAL SMALL CRAFT INSTRUCTION AND TECHNICAL TRAINING SCHOOL. 
(a) S CHOOL AUTHORIZED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subchapter V of chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1207, is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 352. Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may operate an education and training facility known as the ‘Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School’ (in this section referred to as the ‘School’). ‘‘(b) DESIGNATION OF EXECUTIVE AGENT.—The Secretary of Defense shall designate the Secretary of a military department as the Department of Defense executive agent for carrying out the responsibilities of the Secretary of Defense under this section. ‘‘(c) PURPOSE .—The purpose of the School shall be to provide to the military and other security forces of one or more friendly foreign countries education and training under any other provision of law related to naval small craft instruction and training and to increase professionalism, readiness, and respect for human rights through formal courses of instruction or mobile training teams for— ‘‘(1) the operation, employment, maintenance, and logistics of specialized equipment; ‘‘(2) participation in— ‘‘(A) joint exercises; or ‘‘(B) coalition or international military operations; and ‘‘(3) improved interoperability between— ‘‘(A) the armed forces; and ‘‘(B) the military and other security forces of the one or more friendly foreign countries. ‘‘(d) LIMITATION ON PERSONNEL ELIGIBLE TO  RECEIVE EDUCATION AND TRAINING .—The Sec retary of Defense may not provide education or training at the School to any personnel of a country that is prohibited from receiving such education or training under any other provision of law. ‘‘(e) FIXED COSTS.—The fixed costs of operation and maintenance of the School in a fiscal year may be paid from amounts made available for such fiscal year for operation and maintenance of the Department of Defense. ‘‘(f) ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than March 15 each year, the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a detailed report on the activities and operating costs of the School during the preceding fiscal year.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter V of chapter 16 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘352. Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School.’’. (b) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that sets forth the following: (1) The budget requirements for the operation and sustainment of the Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School authorized by section 352 of title 10, United States Code (as added by subsection (a)), during the period of the futureyears defense program submitted to Congress in fiscal year 2019, including— (A) a description of the budget requirements relating to the School for— (i) Major Force Program–2; and (ii) Major Force Program–11; and (B) an identification of any other source of funding for the School. (2) The anticipated requirements for facilities for the School. 
(3) An identification of the Secretary of a military department designated by the Secretary of Defense as executive agent for the School under subsection (b) of such section. (4) The anticipated military construction and facilities renovation requirements for the School during such period. (5) Any other matter relating to the School that the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate. (c) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Nothing in section 352 of title 10, United States Code (as so added), may be construed as authorizing the use of funds appropriated for the Department of Defense for any purpose described in paragraph (2) unless specifically authorized by an Act of Congress other than that section or this Act. (2) PURPOSES .—The purposes described in this paragraph are the following: (A) The operation of a facility other than the Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School that is in operation as of the date of the enactment of this Act for the provision of education and training authorized to be provided by the School. (B) The construction or expansion of any facility of the School. 
SEC. 1209. EXPANSION OF REGIONAL DEFENSE COMBATING TERRORISM FELLOWSHIP PROGRAM TO INCLUDE IRREGULAR WARFARE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 345 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; (2) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following new subsections (a) and (b): ‘‘(a) PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a program under which the Secretary may pay any costs associated with the education and training of foreign military officers, ministry of defense officials, or security officials at military or civilian educational institutions, regional centers, conferences, seminars, or other training programs conducted for purposes of regional defense in connection with either of the following: ‘‘(A) Combating terrorism. ‘‘(B) Irregular warfare. ‘‘(2) COVERED COSTS .—Costs for which payment may be made under this section include the costs of transportation and travel and subsistence costs. ‘‘(3) DESIGNATION .—The program authorized by this section shall be known as the ‘Regional Defense Combating Terrorism and Irregular Warfare Fellowship Program’. ‘‘(b) REGULATIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The program authorized by subsection (a) shall be carried out under regulations prescribed by the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State. ‘‘(2) ELEMENTS .—The regulations shall ensure that— ‘‘(A) the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State— ‘‘(i) jointly develop and plan activities under the program that— ‘‘(I) advance United States security cooperation objectives; and ‘‘(II) support theater security cooperation planning of the combatant commands; and ‘‘(ii) coordinate on the implementation of activities under the program; ‘‘(B) each of the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State designates an individual at the lowest appropriate level of the Department of Defense or the Department of State, as applicable, who shall be responsible for program coordination; and ‘‘(C) to the extent practicable, activities under the program are appropriately coordinated with, and do not duplicate or conflict with, activities under International Military Education and Training (IMET) authorities. ‘‘(3) SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Upon any update of the regulations, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a copy of the regulations as so updated, together with a description of the update.’’; and (3) in paragraph (3) of subsection (d), as redesignated by paragraph (1) of this subsection, by striking ‘‘in the global war on terrorism’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) HEADING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 345. Regional Defense Combating Terrorism and Irregular Warfare Fellowship Program’’. (2) TABLE OF SECTIONS AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of subchapter V of chapter 16 of such title is amended by striking the item relating to section 345 and inserting the following new item: ‘‘345. Regional Defense Combating Terrorism and Irregular Warfare Fellowship Program.’’. 
SEC. 1210. MODIFICATION TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE STATE PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM. 
Section 341(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘assistance’’ after ‘‘any’’. 
SEC. 1211. ASSESSMENT, MONITORING, AND EVALUATION OF SECURITY COOPERATION. 
(a) A SSESSMENT , MONITORING , AND EVALUA TION OF SECURITY COOPERATION ACTIVITIES .— Of the amount for Operations and Maintenance, Defensewide made available to the Defense Security Cooperation Agency for fiscal year 2019, it is the goal that $12,000,000, but in no event less than $6,000,000, shall be allocated for the assessment, monitoring, and evaluation of security cooperation activities in accordance with section 383 of title 10, United States Code. (b) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS.—Of the amount for Operation and Maintenance, Defensewide made available to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for activities under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, not more than 50 percent may be expended until the Secretary submits to the appropriate congressional committees (as such term is defined in section 301(1) of title 10, United States Code) a written plan for the expenditure of the amount allocated under subsection (a), including— (1) a description of the activities planned for fiscal year 2019 for the evaluation of security cooperation programs across the security cooperation enterprise, including through chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund, the CounterISIL Fund, the cooperative threat reduction program, and other security cooperation authorities as appropriate; and (2) a description of the activities planned for fiscal year 2019 for the training, support, and organization of the Department to effectively carry out responsibilities under section 383 of title 10, United States Code. (c) MODIFICATION OF ASSESSMENT , M ONITORING , ANDEVALUATION OF PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES .—Section 383(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) Incorporation of lessons learned from prior security cooperation programs and activities of the Department of Defense that were carried out any time on or after September 11, 2001.’’. 
SEC. 1212. LEGAL AND POLICY REVIEW OF ADVISE, ASSIST, AND ACCOMPANY MISSIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, in coordination with the General Counsel of the Department of Defense and the commanders of appropriate combatant commands, shall— (1) conduct a review of the legal and policy frameworks associated with advise, assist, and accompany missions by United States military personnel; and (2) submit to the Secretary of Defense a report on the results of such review. (b) SUBMITTAL TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the report required by subsection (a)(2), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the report together with any comments by the Secretary that amplify or clarify the report. (c) ELEMENTS .—The report and review required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An analysis of the risks and benefits of United States military personnel conducting advise, assist, and accompany missions with foreign partner forces, and an assessment of the relation of such risks and benefits to United States security objectives. (2) A review of applicable execute orders and theater and functional campaign plans in order to ensure that such orders and plans comply with United States law for the employment of United States military personnel and capabilities to advise, assist, and accompany foreign partner forces. (3) An explanation of the fiscal and operational authorities applicable to advise, assist, and accompany missions, including a differentiation between— (A) advise, assist, and accompany missions conducted by United States military personnel under an execute order with partner forces; and (B) accompany missions conducted by United States military personnel with foreign partner forces also affiliated with a program authorized by section 127e or 333 of title 10, United States Code. (4) An explanation of the domestic and international legal bases for the use of United States military personnel to provide collective selfdefense in support of designated foreign partner forces inside and outside areas of active hostilities, and a description of any legal or policy limitation on the provision of collective selfdefense in support of such designated foreign partner forces. (5) An assessment whether the legal and policy frameworks applicable to advise, assist, and accompany missions by United States military personnel are adequately communicated to and understood at all levels of operational command. (6) An assessment whether approvals and permissions related to advise, assist, and accompany missions are made at the appropriate level of command. (7) A definition, and policy guidance, for the appropriate use in execute orders and military doctrine of each of the following: (A) Advise. (B) Assist. (C) Accompany. (D) Selfdefense. (E) Collective selfdefense. (F) Combined operations. (G) Partnered operations. (H) Last point of cover and conceal. (8) Any other matters the Under Secretary or the Secretary considers appropriate. (d) FORM.—The report required by subsection (b) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1213. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT BORDER SECURITY OPERATIONS OF CERTAIN FOREIGN COUNTRIES. 
(a) E XPANSION OF AUTHORITY .—Paragraph (1) of subsection (a) of section 1226 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, is authorized to provide support on a reimbursement basis as follows: ‘‘(A) To the Government of Jordan for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Jordan to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Jordan with Syria and Iraq. 
‘‘(B) To the Government of Lebanon for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Lebanon to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Lebanon with Syria. ‘‘(C) To the Government of Egypt for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Egypt to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Egypt with Libya. ‘‘(D) To the Government of Tunisia for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Tunisia to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Tunisia with Libya. ‘‘(E) To the Government of Oman for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Oman to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Oman with Yemen. ‘‘(F) To the Government of Pakistan for purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Pakistan to increase security and sustain increased security along the border of Pakistan with Afghanistan.’’. (b) CERTIFICATION .—Subsection (d) of such section is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) NOTICE AND CERTIFICATION BEFORE EXERCISE .—Not later than 15 days before providing support under the authority of subsection (a) to a country that has not previously received such support, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the specified congressional committees a report that— ‘‘(1) sets forth a full description of the support to be provided, including— ‘‘(A) the purpose of such support; ‘‘(B) the amount of support to be provided; and ‘‘(C) the anticipated duration of the provision of such support; and ‘‘(2) includes a certification that— ‘‘(A) the recipient country has taken demonstrable steps to increase security along the border specified for such country in subsection (a); and ‘‘(B) the provision of such support is in the interest of United States national security.’’. (c) LIMITATION ON REIMBURSEMENT OF PAKISTAN.—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) LIMITATION ON REIMBURSEMENT OF PAKISTAN PENDING CERTIFICATION .—No amount of reimbursement support under subsection (a)(1)(F) is authorized to be disbursed to the Government of Pakistan unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that the following conditions are met: ‘‘(1) The military and security operations of Pakistan pertaining to border security and ancillary activities for which reimbursement is sought have been coordinated with United States military representatives in advance of the execution of such operations and activities. ‘‘(2) The goals and desired outcomes of each such operation or activity have been established and agreed upon in advance by the United States and Pakistan. ‘‘(3) A process exists to verify the achievement of the goals and desired outcomes established in accordance with paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) The Government of Pakistan is making an effort to actively coordinate with the Government of Afghanistan on issues relating to border security on the AfghanistanPakistan border.’’. (d) QUARTERLY REPORTS .—Such section is further amended by inserting after subsection (e), as so designated by subsection (c) of this section, the following new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) QUARTERLY REPORTS .—Not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal quarter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the specified congressional committees a report on reimbursements pursuant to subsection (a) during the preceding fiscal quarter that includes— ‘‘(1) an identification of each country reimbursed; ‘‘(2) the date of each reimbursement; ‘‘(3) a description of any partner nation border security efforts for which reimbursement was provided; ‘‘(4) an assessment of the value of partner nation border security efforts for which reimbursement was provided; ‘‘(5) the total amounts of reimbursement provided to each partner nation in the preceding four fiscal quarters; and ‘‘(6) such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate.’’. (e) EXTENSION .—Subsection (h) of such section, as so redesignated, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. 
SEC. 1214. FRAMEWORK FOR OBTAINING CONCURRENCE FOR PARTICIPATION IN ACTIVITIES OF REGIONAL CENTERS FOR SECURITY STUDIES. 
Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, shall establish and submit to the appropriate congressional committees, as such term is defined in section 301(1) of title 10, United States Code, a Memorandum of Agreement or other arrangement setting forth a framework for the procedures required between the Department of Defense and the Department of State to obtain the concurrence of the Secretary of State, as required by law or policy, to allow nondefense and nongovernmental personnel of friendly foreign countries to participate in activities of the Department of Defense Regional Centers for Security Studies. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan 
SEC. 1221. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER DEFENSE ARTICLES AND PROVIDE DEFENSE SERVICES TO THE MILITARY AND SECURITY FORCES OF AFGHANISTAN. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (h) of section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 1992), as most recently amended by section 1211 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1648), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. (b) EXCESS DEFENSE ARTICLES .—Subsection (i)(2) of such section 1222, as so amended, is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. 
SEC. 1222. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF REPORTING REQUIREMENTS FOR SPECIAL IMMIGRANT VISAS FOR AFGHAN ALLIES PROGRAM. 
Section 602 of the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 (8 U.S.C. 1101 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (10); (B) by redesignating paragraphs (11) through (16) as paragraphs (10) through (15), respectively; (C) in paragraph (11)(A), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014’’ and inserting ‘‘the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’; (D) in paragraph (12), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (12)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (11)(B)’’; and (E) in paragraph (13), as so redesignated, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a report to the’’ and all that follows through ‘‘House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘a report to the appropriate committees of Congress’’; (2) by striking subsection (c); and (3) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (c). SEC. 1223. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND. 
(a) C ONTINUATION OF PRIOR AUTHORITIES AND  NOTICE AND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—Funds available to the Department of Defense for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2019 shall be subject to the conditions contained in— (1) subsections (b) through (f) of section 1513 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 428), as most recently amended by section 1521(d)(2)(A) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 328; 130 Stat. 2577); and (2) section 1521(d)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. (b) USE OF FUNDS.—Section 1513(b)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 is amended by striking ‘‘security forces of Afghanistan’’ and inserting ‘‘security forces of the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of the Interior of the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan’’. (c) EQUIPMENT DISPOSITION .— (1) ACCEPTANCE OF CERTAIN EQUIPMENT .—Sub ject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may accept equipment that is procured using amounts authorized to be appropriated for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund by this Act and is intended for transfer to the security forces of Afghanistan, but is not accepted by such security forces. (2) CONDITIONS ON ACCEPTANCE OF EQUIP MENT .—Before accepting any equipment under the authority provided by paragraph (1), the Commander of United States forces in Afghanistan shall make a determination that such equipment was procured for the purpose of meeting requirements of the security forces of Afghanistan, as agreed to by both the Government of Afghanistan and the Government of the United States, but is no longer required by such security forces or was damaged before transfer to such security forces. (3) ELEMENTS OF DETERMINATION .—In making a determination under paragraph (2) regarding equipment, the Commander of United States forces in Afghanistan shall consider alternatives to the acceptance of such equipment by the Secretary. An explanation of each determination, including the basis for the determination and the alternatives considered, shall be included in the relevant quarterly report required under paragraph (5). (4) TREATMENT AS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  
STOCKS .—Equipment accepted under the authority provided by paragraph (1) may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon notification to the congressional defense committees of such treatment. (5) QUARTERLY REPORTS ON EQUIPMENT DIS POSITION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and every 90day period thereafter during which the authority provided by paragraph (1) is exercised, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the equipment accepted during the period covered by such report under the following: (i) This subsection. (ii) Section 1521(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2575). (iii) Section 1531(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1088). (iv) Section 1532(b) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3613). (v) Section 1531(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 938; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note). (B) ELEMENTS .—Each report under subparagraph (A) shall include a list of all equipment that was accepted during the period covered by 
such report and treated as stocks of the Department of Defense and copies of the determinations made under paragraph (2), as required by paragraph (3). (d) SECURITY OF AFGHAN WOMEN .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Of the funds available to the Department of Defense for the Afghan Security Forces Fund for fiscal year 2019, it is the goal that $25,000,000, but in no event less than $10,000,000, shall be used for— (A) the recruitment, integration, retention, training, and treatment of women in the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces; and (B) the recruitment, training, and contracting of female security personnel for future elections. (2) TYPES OF PROGRAMS AND ACTIVITIES .— Such programs and activities may include— (A) efforts to recruit women into the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, including the special operations forces; (B) programs and activities of the Directorate of Human Rights and Gender Integration of the Ministry of Defense of Afghanistan and the Office of Human Rights, Gender and Child Rights of the Ministry of Interior of Afghanistan; (C) development and dissemination of gender and human rights educational and training materials and programs within the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Interior of Afghanistan; (D) efforts to address harassment and violence against women within the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces; (E) improvements to infrastructure that address the requirements of women serving in the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces, including appropriate equipment for female security and police forces, and transportation for policewomen to their station; (F) support for Afghanistan National Police Family Response Units; and (G) security provisions for highprofile female police and military officers. (e) ASSESSMENT OF AFGHANISTAN PROGRESS ON  OBJECTIVES .— (1) ASSESSMENT REQUIRED .—Not later than May 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with the Secretary of State, submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate an assessment describing— (A) the progress of the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan toward meeting shared security objectives; and (B) the efforts of the Government of the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan to manage, employ, and sustain the equipment and inventory provided under subsection (a). (2) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—In conducting the assessment required by paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall include each of the following: (A) A consideration of the extent to which the Government of Afghanistan has a strategy for, and has taken steps toward, increased accountability and the reduction of corruption within the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Interior of Afghanistan. (B) A consideration of the extent to which the capability and capacity of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces have improved as a result of Afghanistan Security Forces Fund investment, including through training, and an articulation of the metrics used to assess such improvements. (C) A consideration of the extent to which the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces have been able to increase pressure on the Taliban, alQaeda, the Haqqani network, and other terrorist organizations, including by re taking territory, defending territory, and disrupting attacks. (D) A consideration of the distribution practices of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces and whether the Government of Afghanistan is ensuring that supplies, equipment, and weaponry supplied by the United States are appropriately distributed to, and employed by, security forces charged with fighting the Taliban and other terrorist organizations. (E) A consideration of the extent to which the Government of Afghanistan has designated the appropriate staff, prioritized the development of relevant processes, and provided or requested the allocation of resources necessary to support a peace and reconciliation process in Afghanistan. (F) A description of the ability of the Ministry of Defense and the Ministry of Interior of Afghanistan to manage and account for previously divested equipment, including a description of any vulnerabilities or weaknesses of the internal controls of such Ministry of Defense and Ministry of Interior and any plan in place to address shortfalls. (G) A description of the monitoring and evaluation systems in place to ensure assistance provided under subsection (a) is used only for the intended purposes. (H) A description of any significant irregularities in the divestment of equipment to the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces during the 5year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, including any major losses of such equipment or any inability on the part of the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces to account for equipment so procured. (I) A description of the sustainment and maintenance costs required during the 5year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act for major weapons platforms previously divested, and a plan for how the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces intends to maintain such platforms in the future. (J) A consideration of the extent to which the Government of Afghanistan is adhering to conditions for receiving assistance established in annual financial commitment letters or any other bilateral agreements with the United States. (K) A consideration of the extent to which the Government of Afghanistan has made progress in achieving security sector benchmarks as outlined by the United StatesAfghan Compact (commonly known as the ‘‘Kabul Compact’’). (L) Such other factors as the Secretaries consider appropriate. (3) FORM.—The assessment required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (4) WITHHOLDING OF ASSISTANCE FOR INSUFFI CIENT PROGRESS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—If the Secretary of Defense determines, in coordination with the Secretary of State, pursuant to the assessment under paragraph (1) that the Government of Afghanistan has made insufficient progress in the areas described in paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may withhold assistance for the Afghan National Defense and Security Forces until such time as the Secretary determines sufficient progress has been made. (B) NOTICE TO CONGRESS .—If the Secretary of Defense withholds assistance under subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall, in coordination with the Secretary of State, provide notice to Congress not later than 30 days after making the decision to withhold such assistance. 
SEC. 1224. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF COMMANDERS’ EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROGRAM. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1201 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1619), as most recently amended by section 1211 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2477), is further amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’; (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017 and fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2017 through 2019’’; and (3) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (b) MODIFICATION .—Subsection (b) of section 1211 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2477) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
ANDSYRIA’’ and inserting ‘‘SYRIA, SOMALIA , LIBYA, AND YEMEN ’’; and (2) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘or Syria’’ and inserting ‘‘Syria, Somalia, Libya, or Yemen’’. 
SEC. 1225. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR REIMBURSEMENT OF CERTAIN COALITION NATIONS FOR SUPPORT PROVIDED TO UNITED STATES MILITARY OPERATIONS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181; 122 Stat. 393), as most recently amended by section 1212 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2019’’; and (2) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) Pakistan for certain activities meant to enhance the security situation in the AfghanistanPakistan border region pursuant to section 1226 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (22 U.S.C. 2151 note), as amended by the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019.’’. (b) MODIFICATION TO LIMITATIONS .—Sub section (d) of such section is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in the first sentence— (i) by striking ‘‘October 1, 2017, and ending on December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2019’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$900,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$350,000,000’’; and (B) by striking the second sentence; and (2) by striking paragraph (3). (c) REPEAL OF PROVISION RELATING TO REIMBURSEMENT TO PAKISTAN FOR SECURITY ENHANCEMENT ACTIVITIES .—Such section is further amended— (1) by striking subsection (e); and (2) by redesignating subsections (f) through (h) as subsections (e) through (g), respectively. (d) NOTICE TO CONGRESS .—Paragraph (1) of subsection (e) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (c) of this section, is amended by striking the second sentence. Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran 
SEC. 1231. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE TO THE VETTED SYRIAN OPPOSITION. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Section 1209(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3559), as most recently amended by section 1221(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2485), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (b) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS IN GENERAL.— (1) LIMITATION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended for activities under the authority in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by subsection (a), until the later of the following: (A) The date on which the President submits the report on United States strategy in Syria required by section 1221 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1650). 
(B) The date that is 30 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits the report described in paragraph (2). (2) REPORT .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth the following: (i) A description of the efforts the United States will undertake to train and equip appropriately vetted Syrian opposition forces, and a description of any roles or contributions of partner countries with respect to such efforts. (ii) A detailed description of the internal security forces of the vetted Syrian opposition to be trained and equipped under such authority, including a description of their geographic locations, demographic profiles, political affiliations, current capabilities, and relation to the objectives under the authority in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by subsection (a). (iii) An assessment of the current operational effectiveness of such forces and their command and control structures. (iv) A detailed description of planned capabilities, including categories of training, equipment, financial support, sustainment, and supplies intended to be provided to the elements of the vetted Syrian opposition under such authority, and timelines for delivery. (v) A description of the planned posture of United States forces and the planned level of engagement by such forces with the elements of the vetted Syrian opposition, including the oversight of equipment provided under such authority and the activities conducted by such vetted Syrian opposition forces. (vi) An explanation of the processes and mechanisms for local commanders of the vetted Syrian opposition to exercise command and control of the elements of the vetted Syrian opposition after such elements of the vetted Syrian opposition have been trained and equipped under such authority. (vii) An explanation of complementary local governance and other stabilization activities in areas in which elements of the local internal security forces trained and equipped under such authority will be operating and the relation of such local governance and other stabilization activities to the oversight of such security forces. (B) FORM.—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) REPROGRAMMING REQUIREMENT .—Sub section (f) of such section 1209, as most recently amended by section 1221 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2485), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. (d) QUARTERLY PROGRESS REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership of the House of Representatives and the Senate a progress report under section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015. Such progress report shall, based on the most recent quarterly information, include an assessment of the following: (A) Whether, during the 90day period, demonstrable progress was made— (i) to retake control of territory in Syria from the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS); or (ii) to stabilize areas in Syria formerly held by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. (B) Whether, during such period, the vetted Syrian opposition tasked with conducting local security operations that United States forces are training and equipping under the authority in section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by subsection (a), were demographically representative of the local communities and serve local governance bodies that are similarly representative of the local communities. (C) Whether, during such period, the Department of Defense took actions to mitigate any pause in offensive operations against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria through alternative approaches to the training, equipping, and assistance of the vetted Syrian opposition. (D) Whether, during such period, support provided under the authority referred to in subparagraph (B) was consistent with United States standards regarding respect for human rights, rule of law, and support for stable and equitable governance. (E) Whether, during such period, members of the vetted Syrian opposition receiving support under the authority referred to in subparagraph (B) demonstrated respect for human rights and rule of law, violations of human rights and rule of law by such members were appropriately investigated, and the individuals responsible for such violations were appropriately held accountable. (2) FORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (3) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(a) R EPORT ON ACCOUNTABILITY FOR WAR CRIMES , CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY , ANDGENOCIDE IN SYRIA.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of State shall submit a report on war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act and another such report not later than 180 days after the Secretary of State determines that the violence in Syria has ceased. (2) ELEMENTS .—The reports required under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of alleged war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated during the civil war in Syria, including— (i) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide committed by the regime of President Bashar alAssad and all forces fighting on its behalf; (ii) incidents that may constitute war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide committed by violent extremist groups, antigovernment forces, and any other combatants in the conflict; (iii) any incidents that may violate the principle of medical neutrality and, if possible, the identification of the individual or individuals who engaged in or organized such incidents; and (iv) if possible, a description of the conventional and unconventional weapons used for such crimes and the origins of such weapons; and (B) a description and assessment by the Department of State Office of Global Criminal Justice, the United States Agency for International Development, the Department of Justice, and other appropriate agencies of programs that the United States Government has undertaken to ensure accountability for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated against the people of Syria by the regime of President Bashar alAssad, violent extremist groups, and other combatants involved in the conflict, including programs— (i) to train investigators within and outside of Syria on how to document, investigate, develop findings of, and identify and locate alleged perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide, including— (I) the number of United States Government or contract personnel currently designated to work fulltime on these issues; and (II) the identification of the authorities and appropriations being used to support such training efforts; (ii) to promote and prepare for a transitional justice process or processes for the perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria beginning in March 2011; (iii) to document, collect, preserve, and protect evidence of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria, including support for Syrian, foreign, and international nongovernmental organizations, and other entities, including the International, Impartial and Independent Mechanism to Assist in the Investigation and Prosecution of Persons Responsible for the Most Serious Crimes under International Law Committed in the Syrian Arab Republic since March 2011 and the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic; and (iv) to assess the influence of accountability measures on efforts to reach a negotiated settlement to the Syrian conflict during the reporting period. (3) FORM.—The reports required under paragraph (1) may be submitted in unclassified or classified form, but shall include a publicly available annex. (4) PROTECTION OF WITNESSES AND EVI DENCE .—The Secretary shall take due care to ensure that the identification of witnesses and physical evidence are not publicly disclosed in a manner that might place such persons at risk of harm or encourage the destruction of evidence by the Government of Syria, violent extremist groups, antigovernment forces, or any other combatants or participants in the conflict. (b) TRANSITIONAL JUSTICE STUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State (acting through appropriate officials and offices, which may include the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Justice, the United States Agency for International Development, and other appropriate Federal agencies, shall— (1) complete a study of the feasibility and desirability of potential transitional justice mechanisms for Syria, including a hybrid tribunal, to address war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated in Syria beginning in March 2011; and (2) submit a detailed report of the results of the study conducted under paragraph (1), including recommendations on which transitional justice mechanisms the United States Government should support, why such mechanisms should be supported, and what type of support should be offered, to— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (c) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AUTHORIZED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of State (acting through appropriate officials and offices, which may include the Office of Global Criminal Justice), after consultation with the Department of Justice and other appropriate Federal agencies, is authorized to provide appropriate assistance to support entities that, with respect to war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated by the regime of President Bashar alAssad, all forces fighting on its behalf, and all nonstate armed groups fighting in the country, including violent extremist groups in Syria beginning in March 2011— (A) identify suspected perpetrators of war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide; (B) collect, document, and protect evidence of crimes and preserve the chain of custody for such evidence; 
(C) conduct criminal investigations; (D) build Syria’s investigative and judicial capacities and support prosecutions in the domestic courts of Syria, provided that President Bashar alAssad is no longer in power; (E) support investigations by thirdparty states, as appropriate; or (F) protect witnesses that may be helpful to prosecutions or other transitional justice mechanisms. (2) ADDITIONAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary of State, after consultation with appropriate Federal agencies and the appropriate congressional committees, and taking into account the findings of the transitional justice study required under subsection (b), is authorized to provide assistance to support the creation and operation of transitional justice mechanisms, including a potential hybrid tribunal, to prosecute individuals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide in Syria beginning in March 2011. (3) BRIEFING .—The Secretary of State shall provide detailed, biannual briefings to the appropriate congressional committees describing the assistance provided to entities described in paragraph (1). (d) STATE DEPARTMENT REWARDS FOR JUSTICE  PROGRAM .—Section 36(b)(10) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2708(b)(10)) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide committed in Syria beginning in March 2011)’’ after ‘‘genocide’’. (e) INDEPENDENT INTERNATIONAL COMMISSION  
OFINQUIRY ON THE SYRIAN ARABREPUBLIC .— The Secretary of State, acting through the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations, should use the voice, vote, and influence of the United States at the United Nations to advocate that the United Nations Human Rights Council, while the United States remains a member, annually extend the mandate of the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic until the Commission has completed its investigation of all alleged violations of international human rights laws beginning in March 2011 in the Syrian Arab Republic. (f) EFFECT OF SECTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to violate the American Servicemembers’ Protection Act of 2002 (22 U.S.C. 7421 et seq.). (g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations; the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. (2) GENOCIDE .—The term ‘‘genocide’’ means any offense described in section 1091(a) of title 18, United States Code. (3) HYBRID TRIBUNAL .—The term ‘‘hybrid tribunal’’ means a temporary criminal tribunal that involves a combination of domestic and international lawyers, judges, and other professionals to prosecute individuals suspected of committing war crimes, crimes against humanity, or genocide. (4) TRANSITIONAL JUSTICE .—The term ‘‘transitional justice’’ means the range of judicial, nonjudicial, formal, informal, retributive, and restorative measures employed by countries transitioning out of armed conflict or repressive regimes— (A) to redress legacies of atrocities; and (B) to promote longterm, sustainable peace. (5) WAR CRIME .—The term ‘‘war crime’’ has the meaning given the term in section 2441(c) of title 18, United States Code. 
SEC. 1233. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE TO COUNTER THE ISLAMIC STATE OF IRAQ AND SYRIA. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3558), as most recently amended by section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1651), is further amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’. (b) FUNDING .—Subsection (g) of such section 1236, as most recently so amended, is further amended— (1) by striking ‘‘for the Department of Defense for Overseas Contingency Operations for fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘for the Department of Defense for Overseas Contingency Operations for fiscal year 2019’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$1,269,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$850,000,000’’. (c) LIMITATION OF USE OF FISCAL YEAR2019 FUNDS.—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by this Act for activities under the authority in section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, as amended by this section, not more than $450,000,000 may be obligated or expended for such activities until the date on which the Secretary of Defense has submitted to the congressional defense committees each of the following: (1) The report on the United States strategy in Iraq required by the joint explanatory statement of the committee of the conference accompanying Conference Report 115–404. (2) A report setting forth the following: (A) An explanation of the purpose of a continuing United States military presence in Iraq, including— (i) an explanation of the national security objectives of the United States with respect to Iraq; (ii) a detailed description of— (I) the size of a continuing United States military presence in Iraq; and (II) the roles and missions associated with a continuing United States military presence in Iraq; and (iii) a delineation of the responsibilities in connection with a continuing United States military presence in Iraq of— (I) the Combined Joint Task Force Operation Inherent Resolve (or a successor task force); (II) the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq; and (III) other United States embassybased military personnel. (B) An identification of the specific units of the Iraqi Security Forces to receive training and equipment or other support in fiscal year 2019. (C) A plan for ensuring that any vehicles and equipment provided to the Iraqi Security Forces pursuant to that authority are maintained in subsequent fiscal years using funds of Iraq. (D) An estimate, by fiscal year, of the funding anticipated to be required for support of the Iraqi Security Forces pursuant to that authority during the five fiscal years beginning with fiscal year 2020. (E) A detailed plan for the obligation and expenditure of the funds requested for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for Operational Sustainment of the Iraqi Security Forces. (F) A plan for the transition to the Government of Iraq of responsibility for funding for Operational Sustainment of the Iraqi Security Forces for fiscal years after fiscal year 2019. (G) A description of any actions carried out under this paragraph. (d) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of the Congress that— (1) the Peshmerga forces of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq have made, and continue to make, significant contributions to the United States led campaign to degrade, dismantle, and ultimately defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) in Iraq; (2) a lasting defeat of ISIS is critical to maintaining a stable and tolerant Iraq in which all faiths, sects, and ethnicities are afforded equal protection and full integration into the Government and society of Iraq; and (3) in support of counterISIS operations and in conjunction with the Central Government of Iraq, the United States should continue to provide operational sustainment, as appropriate, to the Ministry of Peshmerga forces of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq so that the Peshmerga forces can more effectively partner with the Iraqi Security Forces, the United States, and other international Coalition members to consolidate gains, hold territory, and protect infrastructure from ISIS and its affiliates in an effort to deal a lasting defeat to ISIS and prevent its reemergence in Iraq. (e) QUARTERLY PROGRESS REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership of the House of Representatives and the Senate a progress report under section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, which shall be provided in unclassified form with a classified annex if necessary. Such progress report shall, based on the most recent quarterly information, include an assessment of the following: (A) The extent to which any forces associated with Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps (IRGC) have been incorporated into the Iraqi Security Forces. (B) Any instances in which forces associated with Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps have acquired United Statesprovided equipment and training. (C) The extent to which United Statesprovided equipment is controlled by unauthorized units, determined by vetting required in subsection (e) of section 1236 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015, or is not accounted for by the Government of Iraq, including a list of major end items provided to the Government of Iraq that are controlled by unauthorized forces or unaccounted for. (D) Actions taken by the Government of Iraq to repossess United Statesprovided equipment from unauthorized forces. (E) The means by which the United States Armed Forces shares operational information with the Iraqi Security Forces and a description of any known instances in which any forces associated with Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps have gained unauthorized access to such operational information. (2) DEFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1234. LIMITATION ON ASSISTANCE TO THE GOVERNMENT OF IRAQ. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for assistance to the Government of Iraq may be obligated or expended by the United States to provide assistance to any group that is, or that is known to be affiliated with, the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps–Quds Force or a state sponsor of terrorism. 
SEC. 1235. EXTENSION AND MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO SUPPORT OPERATIONS AND ACTIVITIES OF THE OFFICE OF SECURITY COOPERATION IN IRAQ. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (f)(1) of section 1215 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. (b) AMOUNT AVAILABLE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Such section is further amended— (A) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018 may not exceed $42,000,000’’ and inserting 
‘‘fiscal year 2019 may not exceed $45,300,000’’; and (B) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. (2) LIMITATION OF USE OF FISCAL YEAR 2019  
FUNDS PENDING REPORTS .—Of the amount available for fiscal year 2019 for section 1215 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012, as amended by this section, not more than an amount equal to 25 percent of such amount may be obligated or expended for the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq until 30 days after the later of— (A) the date on which the report on the United States strategy on Iraq required by the joint explanatory statement of the committee of the conference accompanying Conference Report 115–404 is submitted to the congressional defense committees; and (B) the date on which the report required by subsection (d)(1) is submitted to the appropriate committees of Congress. (c) SOURCE OF FUNDS.—Subsection (d) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’. (d) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in cooperation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq. (2) ELEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the enduring planned size and missions of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq after the cessation of major combat operations against the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria. (B) A description of the relationship between the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq and any planned enduring presence of other United States forces in Iraq. (C) A detailed description of any activity to be conducted by the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq in fiscal year 2019. (D) A plan and timeline for the normalization of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq to conform to other offices of security cooperation, including the transition of funding from the Department of Defense to the Department of State by the beginning of fiscal year 2020. (E) Such other matters with respect to the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq as the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State consider appropriate. (e) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1236. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY POWER OF IRAN. 
Section 1245(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)(B), by inserting ‘‘the Houthis,’’ after ‘‘Hamas,’’; and (2) in paragraph (7)— (A) by inserting ‘‘the Russian Federation,’’ after ‘‘Pakistan,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘trafficking or’’ before ‘‘development’’. 
SEC. 1237. STRATEGY TO COUNTER DESTABILIZING ACTIVITIES OF IRAN. 
(a) S TRATEGY AUTHORIZED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may develop a strategy with foreign partners to counter the destabilizing activities of Iran. (2) ELEMENTS .—The strategy described in paragraph (1)— (A) should identify specific countries in which Iran and Iranianbacked entities are operating; and (B) should establish a cooperative framework that includes, as appropriate— (i) investing in intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities; (ii) investing in mine countermeasures resources and platforms; (iii) investing in integrated air and missile defense platforms and technologies; (iv) sharing intelligence and data between the United States and such foreign countries; (v) investing in cyber security and cyber defense capabilities; (vi) engaging in combined planning and exercises; (vii) engaging in defense education, institution building, doctrinal development, and reform; and (viii) assessing Iran’s destabilizing activities in the countries identified under subparagraph (A) and the implications thereof. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter through December 31, 2021, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, should submit to the congressional defense committees and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on actions taken to enhance cooperation and encourage militaryto military engagement between the United States and foreign partners with the goal of countering the destabilizing actions of Iran and, if applicable, the strategy authorized by subsection (a). Subtitle D—Matters Relating to the Russian Federation 
SEC. 1241. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS RELATING TO SOVEREIGNTY OF THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION OVER CRIMEA. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to implement any activity that recognizes the sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. (b) WAIVER .—The Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, may waive the prohibition under subsection (a) if the Secretary of Defense— (1) determines that to do so is in the national security interest of the United States; and (2) submits to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a notification of the waiver, along with a justification of the reason for seeking such waiver, at the time the waiver is invoked. 
SEC. 1242. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS RELATING TO IMPLEMENTATION OF THE OPEN SKIES TREATY. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON ACTIVITIES TO MODIFY  UNITED STATES AIRCRAFT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for research, development, test, and evaluation, Air Force, for arms control implementation (PE 0305145F), Aircraft Procurement, Air Force (line item C135B0/ C135B), or procurement, Air Force, for digital visual imaging system (BA05, Line Item #1900) may be obligated or expended to carry out any activities to modify any United States aircraft for purposes of implementing the Open Skies Treaty until the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees the certification described in paragraph (2). (2) CERTIFICATION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The certification described in this paragraph is a certification of the President that— (i) the President has imposed treaty violations responses and legal countermeasures on the Russian Federation for its violations of the Open Skies Treaty; and (ii) the President has fully informed the appropriate congressional committees of such responses and countermeasures. (B) DELEGATION .—The President may delegate the responsibility for making a certification under subparagraph (A) to the Secretary of the State. (3) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (b) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO VOTE OR  APPROVE CERTAIN IMPLEMENTING DECISIONS OF  
THEOPENSKIESCONSULTATIVE COMMISSION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act or any other Act for fiscal year 2019 may be used to vote to approve or otherwise adopt any implementing decision of the Open Skies Consultative Commission pursuant to Article X of the Open Skies Treaty to authorize approval of requests by state parties to the Treaty to certify infrared or synthetic aperture radar sensors pursuant to Article IV of the Treaty unless and until the following requirements are met: (A) The Secretary of Defense, jointly with the relevant United States Government officials, submits to the appropriate congressional committees the following: (i) A certification that the implementing decision would not be detrimental or otherwise harmful to the national security of the United States. (ii) A report on the Open Skies Treaty that includes the following: (I) The annual costs to the United States associated with countermeasures to mitigate potential abuses of observation flights by the Russian Federation carried out under the Treaty over European and United States territories involving infrared or synthetic aperture radar sensors. (II) A plan, and its estimated cost through December 31, 2023, to replace the Treaty architecture with an increased sharing of overhead commercial imagery, consistent with United States national security, with covered state parties, excluding the Russian Federation, compared with the current cost of implementing the Open Skies Treaty, including proposed aircraft recapitalization, through December 31, 2023. (III) An evaluation by the Director of National Intelligence of matters concerning how an observation flight described in clause (i) could implicate intelligence activities of the Russian Federation in the United States and United States counterintelligence activities and vulnerabilities. (IV) An assessment of how such information is used by the Russian Federation, for what purpose, and how the information fits into the Russian Federation’s overall collection posture. (B) Not later than 90 days before the date on which the United States votes to approve or otherwise adopt any such implementing decision, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a certification that— (i) the Russian Federation— (I) is in complete compliance with is obligations under the Open Skies Treaty; (II) is not exceeding the imagery limits set forth in the Treaty; and (III) is allowing observation flights by covered state parties over all of Moscow, Chechnya, Kaliningrad, and within 10 kilometers of its border with Georgia’s occupied territories of Abkhazia and South Ossetia without restriction and without inconsistency to requirements under the Treaty; and (ii) covered state parties have been notified and briefed, consistent with protection of sources and methods, on concerns of the intelligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)) 
regarding infrared or synthetic aperture radar sensors used under the Open Skies Treaty. (2) WAIVER .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The President may waive the application of paragraph (1)(B) if the President determines that— (i) the waiver is in the national security of the United States; and (ii) the Russian Federation has taken clear and verifiable action to return to compliance with the Open Skies Treaty. (B) DELEGATION .— (i) IN GENERAL .—The President may delegate the authority under subparagraph (A) to waive the application of paragraph (1)(B) to the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence. (ii) REPORT .—Not later than 30 days prior to a waiver taking effect pursuant to a delegation of the authority under subparagraph (A) to waive the application of paragraph (1)(B), the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, and the Director of National Intelligence shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains the views of such Secretaries and Director with respect to the waiver. (c) FORM.—Each certification and report required under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex if necessary. (d) DEFINITIONS .—Except as otherwise provided, in this section: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) COVERED STATE PARTY .—The term ‘‘covered state party’’ means a foreign country that— (A) is a state party to the Open Skies Treaty; and (B) is a United States ally. (3) INFRARED OR SYNTHETIC APERTURE RADAR  
SENSOR .—The term ‘‘infrared or synthetic aperture radar sensor’’ means a sensor that is classified as— (A) an infrared linescanning device under category C of paragraph 1 of Article IV of the Open Skies Treaty; or (B) a sidewayslooking synthetic aperture radar under category D of paragraph 1 of Article IV of the Open Skies Treaty. (4) OBSERVATION FLIGHT .—The term ‘‘observation flight’’ has the meaning given such term in Article II of the Open Skies Treaty. (5) OPEN SKIES TREATY ; TREATY .—The term ‘‘Open Skies Treaty’’ or ‘‘Treaty’’ means the Treaty on Open Skies, done at Helsinki March 24, 1992, and entered into force January 1, 2002. (6) RELEVANT UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT OF FICIALS .—The term ‘‘relevant United States Government officials’’ means the following: (A) The Secretary of Energy. (B) The Secretary of Homeland Security. (C) The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. (D) The Director of National Intelligence. (E) The Commander of U.S. Strategic Command and the Commander of U.S. Northern Command in the case of an observation flight over the territory of the United States. (F) The Commander of U.S. European Command in the case of an observation flight other than an observation flight described in subparagraph (E). (7) SENSOR .—The term ‘‘sensor’’ has the meaning given such term in Article II of the Open Skies Treaty. 
SEC. 1243. DETERMINATION REQUIRED REGARDING MATERIAL BREACH OF INF TREATY BY THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) D ETERMINATION REQUIRED .—Not later than January 15, 2019, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a determination whether— (1) the Russian Federation is in material breach of its obligations under the INF Treaty; and (2) the prohibitions set forth in Article VI of the INF Treaty remain binding on the United States as a matter of United States law. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) INF 
TREATY .—The term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ means the Treaty Between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their IntermediateRange and ShorterRange Missiles, commonly referred to as the ‘‘Intermediate Range Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty’’, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. 
SEC. 1244. COMPREHENSIVE RESPONSE TO THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION’S MATERIAL BREACH OF THE INF TREATY. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the of Congress that— (1) the actions undertaken by the Russian Federation in violation of the INF Treaty, including the flighttest, production, and possession of prohibited systems, have defeated the object and purpose of the INF Treaty, and thus constitute a material breach of the INF Treaty; (2) in light of the Russian Federation’s material breach of the INF Treaty, the United States is legally entitled to suspend the operation of the INF Treaty in whole or in part for so long as the Russian Federation continues to be in material breach of the INF Treaty; and (3) for so long as the Russian Federation remains in violation of the INF Treaty, the United States should take actions to encourage the Russian Federation to return to compliance with the INF Treaty, including by— (A) providing additional funds for the capabilities identified in section 1243(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1062) and the IntermediateRange Nuclear Forces Treaty Preservation Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1671); and (B) seeking additional missile defense assets in the European theater needed to fill military capability gaps to protect United States and NATO forces from groundlaunched missile systems of the Russian Federation that are in noncompliance with the INF Treaty. (b) CERTIFICATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than November 1, 2018, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a certification as to whether each of the requirements described in paragraph (2) have been met. (2) REQUIREMENTS DESCRIBED .—The requirements described in this paragraph are the following: (A) Each requirement of section 1290 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2555; 22 U.S.C. 2593e) has been fully implemented and is continuing to be fully implemented. (B) The President has notified the appropriate congressional committees under such section 1290 of the imposition of measures described in subsection (c) of such section with respect to each person identified in a report under subsection (a) of such section, including a detailed description of the imposition of all such measures. (C) The President has submitted the report required by section 1244(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1674) (relating to report on plan to impose additional sanctions with respect to the Russian Federation). (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. (2) INF 
TREATY .—The term ‘‘INF Treaty’’ means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Union of Soviet Socialist Republics on the Elimination of Their IntermediateRange and ShorterRange Missiles, signed at Washington December 8, 1987, and entered into force June 1, 1988. 
SEC. 1245. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF THE NEW START TREATY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2018, the President shall— (1) submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report as to whether— (A) the President has raised the issue of covered Russian systems in the appropriate fora with the Russian Federation under Article V of the New START Treaty or otherwise; and (B) if the President has raised the issue of covered Russian systems as described in subparagraph (A), the Russian Federation has responded to the United States as to whether the Russian Federation will agree to declare the covered Russian systems as strategic offensive arms or otherwise pursuant to the New START Treaty; (2) notify the appropriate congressional committees as to whether the position of the Russian Federation threatens the viability of the New START Treaty or requires appropriate United States political, economic, or military responses; and (3) submit to the congressional defense committees a report assessing the extent to which the nuclear modernization and infrastructure recapitalization programs of the Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration have met the requirements described in the resolution of ratification to accompany the New START Treaty, specifically the requirements described in subsections (a)(9), (a)(11), and (a)(13) of such resolution of ratification. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (2) COVERED RUSSIAN SYSTEMS .—The term ‘‘covered Russian systems’’ means the following: (A) The heavy intercontinental missile system known as ‘‘Sarmat’’ or otherwise identified. (B) An airlaunched nuclearpowered cruise missile known as ‘‘X101’’ or otherwise identified. (C) An unmanned underwater vehicle known as ‘‘Status 6’’ or otherwise identified. (D) The longdistance guided flight hypersonic weapons system known by ‘‘Avanguard’’ or otherwise identified. (3) NEW START TREATY .—The term ‘‘New START Treaty’’ means the Treaty between the United States of America and the Russian Federation on Measures for the Further Reduction and Limitation of Strategic Offensive Arms, signed at Prague April 8, 2010, and entered into force February 5, 2011. 
SEC. 1246. MODIFICATION AND EXTENSION OF UKRAINE SECURITY ASSISTANCE INITIATIVE. 
Section 1250 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1068), as most recently amended 
by section 1234 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1659), is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (8); (B) by redesignating paragraph (12) as paragraph (16); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (9) through (11) and (13) through (15) as paragraphs (8) through (13), respectively; (D) by inserting after paragraph (13) (as redesignated by subparagraph (C) of this paragraph) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(14) Training required to maintain and employ systems and capabilities described in paragraphs (1) through (13).’’; and (E) by redesignating paragraph (16) (as redesignated by subparagraph (B) of this paragraph) as paragraph (15); (2) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘50 percent of the funds available for fiscal year 2018 pursuant to subsection (f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘50 percent of the funds available for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to subsection (f)(4)’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘The certification described’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The certification described’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘in such areas’’ and all that follows through ‘‘defense industrial sector’’ and inserting ‘‘in such areas as described in subparagraph (B)’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘subsection (a).’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘subsection (a). ‘‘(B) AREAS DESCRIBED .—The areas described in this subparagraph are— ‘‘(i) strengthening civilian control of the military; ‘‘(ii) enhanced cooperation and coordination with Verkhovna Rada efforts to exercise oversight of the Ministry of Defense and military forces; ‘‘(iii) increased transparency and accountability in defense procurement; ‘‘(iv) improvement in transparency, accountability, sustainment, and inventory management in the defense industrial sector; and ‘‘(v) protection of proprietary or sensitive technologies as such technologies relate to foreign military sales or transfers.’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘The certification shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) ASSESSMENT .—The certification shall’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) LETHAL ASSISTANCE .—Of the funds available for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to subsection (f)(4), $50,000,000 shall be available only for lethal assistance described in paragraphs (2) and (3) of subsection (b).’’; (3) in subsection (f), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) For fiscal year 2019, $250,000,000.’’; and (4) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. 
SEC. 1247. EXTENSION OF LIMITATION ON MILITARY COOPERATION BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (a) of section 1232 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2488), as amended by section 1231 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017 or 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2017, 2018, or 2019’’. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Such section is further amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (f); and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection (a) shall be construed to limit bilateral militarytomilitary dialogue between the United States and the Russian Federation for the purpose of reducing the risk of conflict.’’. 
SEC. 1248. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ENHANCING DETERRENCE AGAINST RUSSIAN AGGRESSION IN EUROPE. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—To protect the national security of the United States and fulfill the ironclad commitment of the United States to its obligations under the North Atlantic Treaty, it is the policy of the United States to pursue, in full coordination with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), an integrated approach to strengthening the defense of allies and partners in Europe as part of a broader, longterm strategy backed by all elements of United States national power to deter and, if necessary, defeat Russian aggression. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that in order to strengthen the defense of United States allies and partners in Europe, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State and in consultation with the commander of United States European Command, should— (1) prioritize the need for additional United States forward presence in Europe, especially increased forwardstationed combat enablers to enhance United States capability and capacity; (2) review the balance of United States presence in Europe between rotationally deployed and forwardstationed forces to assure allies and partners in Europe and deter Russian aggression; (3) support robust United States security cooperation with, and security assistance for, Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania, including through continuous and enduring presence of United States forces, training and support activities of United States special operations forces, and increased joint training and exercises to deter aggression, promote interoperability, build resilience, and enable NATO to take collective action if required; (4) continue rotational deployments of United States forces to southeastern Europe, including Romania and Bulgaria; (5) support enhanced defense cooperation with Poland, including continued presence of United States forces in Poland and increased training, exercises, and other activities focused on improving effective joint response in a crisis; (6) conduct exercises focused on demonstrating the capability to flow United States forces from the continental United States and surge forces from central to eastern Europe in a nonpermissive environment; (7) focus training activities of United States forces in Europe, including joint training with allied forces, on operating against adversary cyber, electronic warfare, and information operations capabilities; (8) support robust security sector assistance for Ukraine, including defensive lethal assistance, while promoting necessary reforms of the defense institutions of Ukraine; (9) support robust security sector assistance for Georgia, including defensive lethal assistance, to strengthen the defense capabilities and readiness of Georgia, and improve interoperability with NATO forces; (10) execute enhanced militarytomilitary engagement between the United States and the militaries of the countries of the Western Balkans to promote interoperability with NATO, civilian control of the military, procurement reforms, and regional security cooperation; (11) develop and implement a comprehensive security cooperation strategy that integrates support for allies and partners in Europe, especially the allies and partners most directly threatened by Russian aggression and malign influence; and (12) in NATO or through other multilateral formats— (A) promote reforms to accelerate the speed of decision and deployability within NATO; (B) promote a more robust NATO defense planning process; (C) pursue planning agreements with allies and partners in Europe on rules of engagement and arrangements for command and control, access, transit, and support in crisis situations, which occur prior to an invocation of Article 5 of the Washington Treaty by the North Atlantic Council; (D) promote NATO operational readiness as a key element of alliance burden sharing alongside spending commitments made at the 2014 Wales Summit; (E) explore transitioning the Baltic air policing mission of NATO to a Baltic air defense mission; (F) support multilateral efforts to improve maritime domain awareness in the Baltic Sea; (G) support enhanced NATOEuropean Union cooperation, especially with respect to capability development and defense planning; (H) support coordinated NATO and European Union actions on expediting or waiving diplomatic clearances for the movement of United States and allied forces during contingencies; (I) support cooperative investment frameworks that promote increased military mobility in Europe; (J) expand cooperation and joint planning with allies and partners on intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance; (K) promote efforts to improve the capability and readiness of NATO Standing Maritime Groups; (L) encourage regular review and update of the Alliance Maritime Strategy of NATO to reflect the changing military balance in the Black Sea and increased military activity in the North Atlantic and Arctic Oceans; (M) explore increasing the frequency, scale, and scope of NATO and other multilateral exercises in the Black Sea with the participation of Ukraine and Georgia; (N) promote integration of United States Marines in Norway with the United Kingdomled Joint Expeditionary Force to increase multilateral cooperation and interoperability between NATO and regional partners such as Sweden and Finland; and (O) affirm support for the Open Door policy of NATO, including the eventual membership of Georgia in NATO. Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Indo Pacific Region 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The combatant command known as the United States Pacific Command shall be known as the ‘‘United States IndoPacific Command’’. Any reference to the United States Pacific Command in any law, regulation, map, document, record, or other paper of the United States shall be considered to be a reference to the United States IndoPacific Command. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) ANNUAL REPORT ON NON FEDERALIZED  
AND EQUIPMENT REQUIREMENTS .—Section 10504 of title 10, United States Code, as amended by section 1071(a)(31), is further amended in subsection (c), as redesignated by such section, in paragraph (3)(H) by striking ‘‘United States Pacific Command’’ and inserting ‘‘United States IndoPacific Command’’. (2) CONTRACTING WITH THE ENEMY .—Section 843(4) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) is amended by striking ‘‘United States Pacific Command’’ and inserting ‘‘United States IndoPacific Command’’. 
SEC. 1252. REDESIGNATION, EXPANSION, AND EXTENSION OF SOUTHEAST ASIA MARITIME SECURITY INITIATIVE. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION AS INDOPACIFIC MARITIME  SECURITY INITIATIVE .— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Subsection (a)(2) of section 1263 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 333 note) is amended by striking ‘‘the ‘Southeast Asia Maritime Security Initiative’’’ and inserting ‘‘the ‘IndoPacific Maritime Security Initiative’’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: 
(b) E XPANSION .— (1) EXPANSION OF REGION TO RECEIVE ASSIST ANCE AND TRAINING .—Subsection (a)(1) of such section is amended by inserting ‘‘and the Indian Ocean’’ after ‘‘South China Sea’’ in the matter preceding subparagraph (A). (2) RECIPIENT COUNTRIES OF ASSISTANCE AND  
TRAINING GENERALLY .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking the comma at the end and inserting a period; and (B) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(6) Bangladesh. ‘‘(7) Sri Lanka.’’. (3) COUNTRIES ELIGIBLE FOR PAYMENT OF CER TAIN INCREMENTAL EXPENSES .—Subsection (e)(2) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) India.’’. (c) EXTENSION .—Subsection (h) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2025’’. 
SEC. 1253. REDESIGNATION AND MODIFICATION OF SENSE OF CONGRESS AND INITIATIVE FOR THE INDOASIAPACIFIC REGION. 
(a) R EDESIGNATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 1251 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) is amended by striking ‘‘IndoAsiaPacific’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘IndoPacific’’. (2) HEADING AMENDMENTS .— (A) SECTION HEADING .—The heading of such section is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 1251. SENSE OF CONGRESS AND INITIATIVE FOR THE INDOPACIFIC REGION.’’. 
(B) S UBSECTION HEADINGS .—Such section is further amended in the headings of subsections (b) and (f) by striking ‘‘INDOASIAPACIFIC ’’ and inserting ‘‘INDOPACIFIC ’’. (b) MODIFICATION OF INITIATIVE .—Such sec tion is further amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking paragraphs (1) through (4) and inserting the following new paragraphs (1) through (4): ‘‘(1) Activities to increase the rotational and forward presence, improve the capabilities, and enhance the posture of the United States Armed Forces in the IndoPacific region— ‘‘(A) consistent with the National Defense Strategy; and ‘‘(B) to the extent required to minimize the risk of execution of the contingency plans of the Department of Defense. ‘‘(2) Activities to improve military and defense infrastructure, basing, logistics, and assured access in the IndoPacific region to enhance the responsiveness, survivability, and operational resilience of the United States Armed Forces in the IndoPacific region. ‘‘(3) Activities to enhance the storage and pre positioning in the IndoPacific region of equipment and munitions of the United States Armed Forces. ‘‘(4) Bilateral and multilateral military training and exercises with allies and partner nations in the IndoPacific region.’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘security capacity’’ and all that follows through ‘‘of allies’’ in subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘security capacity of allies’’; and (ii) by redesignating clauses (i) through (v) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (2) in subsection (d), by striking ‘‘only’’; (3) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) FIVEYEAR PLAN FOR THE INDOPACIFIC  STABILITY INITIATIVE .— ‘‘(1) PLAN REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a future years plan on activities and resources of the Initiative. ‘‘(B) APPLICABILITY .—The plan shall apply to the Initiative with respect to fiscal year 2020 and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. ‘‘(2) ELEMENTS .—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall include each of the following: ‘‘(A) A description of the objectives of the Initiative. ‘‘(B) A description of the manner in which such objectives support implementation of the National Defense Strategy and reduce the risk of execution of the contingency plans of the Department of Defense by improving the operational resilience of United States forces in the IndoPacific region. ‘‘(C) An assessment of the resource requirements to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(D) An assessment of any additional rotational or permanently stationed United States forces in the IndoPacific region required to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(E) An assessment of the logistics requirements, including force enablers, equipment, supplies, storage, and maintenance, to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(F) An identification and assessment of required infrastructure investments to achieve such objectives, including potential infrastructure investments by host countries and new construction or upgrades of existing sites that would be funded by the United States. ‘‘(G) An assessment of any new agreements, or changes to existing agreements, with other countries for assured access required to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(H) An assessment of security cooperation investments required to achieve such objectives. ‘‘(3) FORM.—The plan required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex.’’; (4) by amending subsection (f) to read as follows: ‘‘(f) INCLUSION IN BUDGET MATERIALS .—The Secretary of Defense shall include in the budget materials submitted by the Secretary in support of the budget of the President for fiscal year 2020 (submitted pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code) the plan required under paragraph (1).’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(1) the congressional defense committees; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.’’. 
SEC. 1254. ASSESSMENT OF AND REPORT ON GEOPOLITICAL CONDITIONS IN THE INDOPACIFIC REGION. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall select and enter into an agreement with an entity independent of the Department of Defense to conduct an assessment of the geopolitical conditions in the Indo Pacific region that are necessary for the successful implementation of the National Defense Strategy. (2) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The assessment required by paragraph (1) shall include a determination of the geopolitical conditions in the IndoPacific region, including any change in economic and political relations, that are necessary to support United States military requirements for forward defense, assured access, extensive forward basing, and alliance and partnership formation and strengthening in such region. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the independent entity selected under subsection (a) shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the results of the assessment conducted under that subsection. (c) DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE SUPPORT .—The Secretary shall provide the independent entity selected under subsection (a) with timely access to appropriate information, data, resources, and analyses necessary for the independent entity to conduct the assessment required by that subsection in a thorough and independent manner. (d) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1255. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON EXTENDED NUCLEAR DETERRENCE IN THE INDOPACIFIC REGION. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the nuclear program of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea poses a critical national security threat not only to the United States, but to the security and stability of the entire IndoPacific region, including South Korea, Japan, and Australia; (2) the nuclear and conventional forces of the United States continue to play a fundamental role in deterring aggression against its interests and the interests of its allies in the IndoPacific region and beyond; (3) the United States stands unwaveringly behind its treaty obligations and assurances, including those related to defense and extended nuclear deterrence, to South Korea, Japan, and Australia; (4) the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea remains a central foreign policy objective of the United States; (5) the status of any denuclearization or end ofconflict agreement with the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea should not supersede such treaty obligations and assurances described in paragraph (3); and (6) the presence of United States Forces on the Korean Peninsula should remain strong and enduring. 
SEC. 1256. REINSTATEMENT OF REPORTING REQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO UNITED STATESHONG KONG RELATIONS. 
Section 301 of the United StatesHong Kong Policy Act of 1992 (22 U.S.C. 5731) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and inserting ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .— Not later than’’; (B) by striking ‘‘March 31, 1993’’ and all that follows through ‘‘March 31, 2006’’ and inserting ‘‘March 31, 2019, and annually thereafter through 2024,’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘transmit to the Speaker’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Senate’’ and inserting ‘‘submit to the appropriate congressional committees’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) FORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form and shall be published on a publicly available website of the Department of State. ‘‘(c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—In this section, the term ‘appropriate congressional committees’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and 
‘‘(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives.’’. 
(a) D EFENSE ASSESSMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with appropriate counterparts of Taiwan, conduct a comprehensive assessment of Taiwan’s military forces, particularly Taiwan’s reserves. The assessment shall provide recommendations to improve the efficiency, effectiveness, readiness, and resilience of Taiwan’s selfdefense capability in the following areas: (1) Personnel management and force development, particularly reserve forces. (2) Recruitment, training, and military programs. (3) Command, control, communications and intelligence. (4) Technology research and development. (5) Defense article procurement and logistics. (6) Strategic planning and resource management. (b) REPORT REQUIRED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing each of the following: (A) A summary of the assessment conducted pursuant to subsection (a). (B) A list of any recommendations resulting from such assessment. (C) A plan for the United States, including by using appropriate security cooperation authorities, to— (i) facilitate any relevant recommendations from such list; (ii) expand senior militarytomilitary engagement and joint training by the United States Armed Forces with the military of Taiwan; and (iii) support United States foreign military sales and other equipment transfers to Taiwan, particularly for developing asymmetric warfare capabilities. (2) APPROPRIATE SECURITY COOPERATION AU THORITIES .—For purposes of the plan described in paragraph (1)(C), the term ‘‘appropriate security cooperation authorities’’ means— (A) section 311 of title 10, United States Code (relating to exchange of defense personnel); (B) section 332 such title (relating to defense institution building); and (C) other security cooperation authorities under chapter 16 of such title. (3) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Taiwan Relations Act (22 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) and the ‘‘Six Assurances’’ are both cornerstones of United States relations with Taiwan; (2) the United States should strengthen defense and security cooperation with Taiwan to support the development of capable, ready, and modern defense forces necessary for Taiwan to maintain a sufficient selfdefense capability; (3) the United States should strongly support the acquisition by Taiwan of defensive weapons through foreign military sales, direct commercial sales, and industrial cooperation, with a particular emphasis on asymmetric warfare and undersea warfare capabilities, consistent with the Taiwan Relations Act; (4) the United States should improve the predictability of arms sales to Taiwan by ensuring timely review of and response to requests of Taiwan for defense articles and defense services; (5) the Secretary of Defense should promote Department of Defense policies concerning exchanges that enhance the security of Taiwan, including— (A) opportunities for practical training and military exercises with Taiwan; and (B) exchanges between senior defense officials and general officers of the United States and Taiwan consistent with the Taiwan Travel Act (Public Law 115–135); (6) the United States and Taiwan should expand cooperation in humanitarian assistance and disaster relief; and (7) the Secretary of Defense should consider supporting the visit of a United States hospital ship to Taiwan as part of the annual ‘‘Pacific Partnership’’ mission in order to improve disaster response planning and preparedness as well as to strengthen cooperation between the United States and Taiwan. SEC. 1259. PROHIBITION ON PARTICIPATION OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA IN RIM OF THE PACIFIC (RIMPAC) NAVAL EXERCISES. 
(a) C ONDITIONS FOR FUTURE PARTICIPATION IN  RIMPAC.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall not enable or facilitate the participation of the People’s Republic of China in any Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC) naval exercise unless the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that China has— (A) ceased all land reclamation activities in the South China Sea; (B) removed all weapons from its land reclamation sites; and (C) established a consistent fouryear track record of taking actions toward stabilizing the region. (2) FORM.—The certification under paragraph (1) shall be in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex as necessary. (b) NATIONAL SECURITY WAIVER .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense may waive the certification requirement under subsection (a) if the Secretary determines the waiver is in the national security interest of the United States and submits to the congressional defense committees a detailed justification for the waiver. (2) FORM.—The justification required under paragraph (1) shall be in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex as necessary. 
SEC. 1260. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON MILITARY AND SECURITY DEVELOPMENTS INVOLVING THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA. 
Section 1202(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (10 U.S.C. 113 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through (16) and (17) through (23) as paragraphs (7) through (17) and (19) through (25), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph (6): ‘‘(6) China’s overseas military basing and logistics infrastructure.’’; (3) in paragraph (8), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘including technology transfers and espionage’’ in the first sentence and inserting ‘‘including by espionage and technology transfers through investment, industrial espionage, cybertheft, academia, and other means’’; (4) by inserting after paragraph (17), as so redesignated, the following new paragraph (18): ‘‘(18) An assessment of relations between China and the Russian Federation with respect to security and military matters.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(26) The relationship between Chinese overseas investment, including initiatives such as the Belt and Road Initiative, and Chinese security and military strategy objectives. ‘‘(27) Efforts by the Government of the People’s Republic of China to influence the media, cultural institutions, business, and academic and policy communities of the United States to be more favorable to its security and military strategy and objectives. ‘‘(28) Efforts by the Government of the People’s Republic of China to use nonmilitary tools in other countries, including diplomacy and political coercion, information operations, and economic pressure, including predatory lending practices, to support its security and military objectives.’’. SEC. 1261. UNITED STATES STRATEGY ON CHINA. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—Congress declares that longterm strategic competition with China is a principal priority for the United States that requires the integration of multiple elements of national power, including diplomatic, economic, intelligence, law enforcement, and military elements, to protect and strengthen national security. (b) STRATEGY REQUIRED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing a wholeofgovernment strategy with respect to the People’s Republic of China. (2) ELEMENTS OF STRATEGY .—The strategy required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Strategic assessments of and planned responses to address the following activities by the Chinese Communist Party: (i) The use of political influence, information operations, censorship, and propaganda to undermine democratic institutions and processes, and the freedoms of speech, expression, press, and academic thought. (ii) The use of intelligence networks to exploit open research and development. (iii) The use of economic tools, including market access and investment to gain access to sensitive United States industries. (iv) Malicious cyber activities. (v) The use of investment, infrastructure, and development projects, such as China’s Belt and Road Initiative, in Africa, Europe, Central Asia, South America, and the IndoPacific region, and the Polar Silk Road in the Arctic, as a means to gain access and influence. (vi) The use of military activities, capabilities, and defense installations, and hybrid warfare methods, short of traditional armed conflict, against the United States or its allies and partners. (B) Available or planned methods to enhance strategic communication to counter Chinese influence and promote United States interests. (C) An identification of the key diplomatic, development, intelligence, military, and economic resources necessary to implement the strategy. (D) A plan to maximize the coordination and effectiveness of such resources to counter the threats posed by the activities described in subparagraph (A). (E) Available or planned interagency mechanisms for the coordination and implementation of the strategy. (3) FORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (4) ANNUAL BUDGET SUBMISSION .—The President shall ensure that the annual budget submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, clearly highlights the programs and projects proposed to be funded that relate to the strategy required by paragraph (1). (5) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriage congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Finance, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and the Committee on the Budget of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Permanent 
Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Homeland Security, the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on the Budget of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1262. REPORT ON MILITARY AND COERCIVE ACTIVITIES OF THE PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA IN SOUTH CHINA SEA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (d), immediately after the commencement of any significant reclamation, assertion of an excessive territorial claim, or militarization activity by the People’s Republic of China in the South China Sea, including any significant military deployment or operation or infrastructure construction, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees, and release to the public, a report on the military and coercive activities of China in the South China Sea in connection with such activity. (b) ELEMENTS OF REPORT TO PUBLIC .—Each report on the commencement of a significant reclamation, an assertion of an excessive territorial claim, or a militarization activity under subsection (a) shall include a short narrative on, and one or more corresponding images of, such commencement of a significant reclamation, assertion of an excessive territorial claim, or militarization activity. (c) FORM.— (1) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Any report under subsection (a) that is submitted to the appropriate congressional committees shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (2) RELEASE TO PUBLIC .—If a report under subsection (a) is released to the public, such report shall be so released in unclassified form. (d) WAIVER .— (1) RELEASE OF REPORT TO PUBLIC .—The Sec retary of Defense may waive the requirement in subsection (a) for the release to the public of a report on the commencement of any significant reclamation, an assertion of an excessive territorial claim, or a militarization activity by the People’s Republic of China in the South China Sea if the Secretary determines that the release to the public of a report on such activity under that subsection in the form required by subsection (c)(2) would have an adverse effect on the national security interests of the United States. (2) NOTICE TO CONGRESS .—If the Secretary issues a waiver under paragraph (1) with respect to a report on an activity, not later than 48 hours after the Secretary issues such waiver, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees written notice of, and justification for, such waiver. (e) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1263. REQUIREMENT FOR CRITICAL LANGUAGES AND EXPERTISE IN CHINESE, KOREAN, RUSSIAN, FARSI, AND ARABIC. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) evaluate the operational requirements for members of the Armed Forces possessing foreign language expertise in critical languages, including Chinese, Korean, Russian, Farsi, and Arabic; and (2) submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to address any shortfalls in these critical areas. SEC. 1264. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS TO REDUCE THE TOTAL NUMBER OF MEMBERS OF THE ARMED FORCES SERVING ON ACTIVE DUTY WHO ARE DEPLOYED TO THE REPUBLIC OF KOREA. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act may be used to reduce the total number of members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty who are deployed to the Republic of Korea below 22,000 unless the Secretary of Defense first certifies to the congressional defense committees the following: (1) Such a reduction is in the national security interest of the United States and will not significantly undermine the security of United States allies in the region. (2) The Secretary has appropriately consulted with allies of the United States, including the Republic of Korea and Japan, regarding such a reduction. 
SEC. 1265. REPORTS ON NUCLEAR CAPABILITIES OF THE DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF KOREA. 
(a) B ASELINE REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of Energy, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the status of the nuclear program of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to establish a baseline of progress for negotiations with the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea with respect to denuclearization. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following, to the extent known or suspected: (1) A description of the location, quantity, capability, and operational status of the nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction, including chemical and biological weapons, of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (2) A description of the location of the research, development, production, and testing facilities, including covert facilities, for the nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction, including chemical and biological weapons, of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (3) A description of the location, quantity, capability, and operational status of fixed ballistic missile launch sites, and assessments of capability and readiness of mobile land and atsea launch platforms of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (4) A description of the location of the ballistic missile manufacturing and assembly facilities of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (5) An assessment of any intelligence gaps and confidence levels with respect to the information required by this subsection and verification or inspection measures that may fill such gaps. (c) UPDATES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In the case of an agreement, not later than 60 days after the date on which the agreement is reached, and every 90 days thereafter, the report required by subsection (a) shall be augmented by a written update. (2) ELEMENTS .—Each written update under paragraph (1) shall include the following for the preceding 90day period: (A) A description of the number of nuclear weapons, other weapons of mass destruction, including chemical and biological weapons, and ballistic missiles verifiably dismantled, destroyed, rendered permanently unusable, or transferred out of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (B) An identification of the location of research, development, production, and testing facilities for nuclear weapons and other weapons of mass destruction, including chemical and biological weapons, in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea identified and verifiably dismantled, destroyed, or rendered permanently unusable. (C) An identification of the location of ballistic missile manufacturing and assembly facilities in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea verifiably dismantled, destroyed, or rendered permanently unusable. (D) A description of the number of nuclear weapons and ballistic missiles that remain in or under the control of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (E) An assessment of the progress made in extending the breakout period required for the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to reconstitute its nuclear weapons program and build a nuclear weapon, as such progress relates to the information required by subparagraphs (A) through (D). (d) VERIFICATION ASSESSMENT REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the report required by subsection (a) is submitted, and every 180 days thereafter, the written update required under paragraph (1) of subsection (c) shall include, in addition to the information required by subparagraphs (A) through (E) of that subsection, the following for the preceding 180day period: (1) An assessment of the establishment of safeguards, other control mechanisms, and other assurances secured from the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea to ensure the activities of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea permitted under any agreement will not be used to further any nuclearrelated military or nuclear explosive purpose, including research on or development of a nuclear explosive device. (2) An assessment of the capacity of the United States or an international organization, including the International Atomic Energy Agency, to effectively access and investigate suspicious sites in the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea or allegations of covert nuclear related activities, including storage sites for nuclear weapons. (e) APPLICABILITY .—Subsections (c) and (d) shall apply only in the case of an agreement. (f) SUNSET .—The section shall cease to be effective on the date that is three years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) AGREEMENT .—The term ‘‘agreement’’ means an interim or final agreement between the United States and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea with respect to the denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea that includes a commitment by the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea— (A) to reduce the nuclear arsenal of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea; or (B) to otherwise discontinue, reduce, or suspend the nuclear program of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea. (2) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS .— The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Foreign Relations, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1266. MODIFICATION OF REPORT REQUIRED UNDER ENHANCING DEFENSE AND SECURITY COOPERATION WITH INDIA. 
Subsection (a)(2) of section 1292 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2559; 22 U.S.C. 2751 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘until December 31, 2021’’ after ‘‘annually thereafter’’; and (3) by striking the second sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) CONTENTS .—The report shall also include— 
‘‘(i) a forwardlooking strategy with specific benchmarks for measurable progress toward enhancing India’s status as a major defense partner and defense and security cooperation with India; ‘‘(ii) a description of any limitations that hinder or slows progress in implementing the actions described in subparagraphs (A) through (L) of paragraph (1); ‘‘(iii) a description of actions India is taking, or the actions the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of State believe India should take, to advance the relationship between the United States, including actions relating to subparagraphs (A) through (L) of paragraph (1); ‘‘(iv) a description of the measures that can be taken by the United States and India to improve interoperability; and ‘‘(v) a description of the progress made in enabling agreements between the United States and India.’’. Subtitle F—Reports and Other Matters 
SEC. 1271. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITIES RELATING TO ACQUISITION AND CROSSSERVICING AGREEMENTS. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS .—Section 2342 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (f); and (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsections (d) and (e): ‘‘(d) The Secretary of Defense may not use an agreement with any government or an organization described in subsection (a)(1) to facilitate the transfer of logistic support, supplies, and services to any country or organization with which the Secretary has not signed an agreement described in subsection (a)(2). ‘‘(e) An agreement described in subsection (a)(2) may not provide or otherwise constitute a commitment for the introduction of the armed forces into hostilities.’’. (b) ANNUAL REPORTS .—Such section is further amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) Not later than January 15 each year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on acquisition and crossservicing activities that sets forth, in detail, the following: ‘‘(1) A list of agreements in effect pursuant to subsection (a)(1) during the preceding fiscal year. ‘‘(2) The date on which each agreement listed under paragraph (1) was signed, and, in the case of an agreement with a country that is not a member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization, the date on which the Secretary notified Congress pursuant to subsection (b)(2) of the designation of such country under subsection (a). ‘‘(3) The total dollar amount and major categories of logistic support, supplies, and services provided during the preceding fiscal year under each such agreement. ‘‘(4) The total dollar amount and major categories of reciprocal provisions of logistic support, supplies, and services received under each such agreement. ‘‘(5) With respect to the calendar year during which the report is submitted, an assessment of the following: ‘‘(A) The anticipated logistic support, supplies, and services requirements of the United States. ‘‘(B) The anticipated requirements of other countries for United States logistic support, supplies, and services.’’. (c) DEFINITIONS .—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2), by striking ‘‘the Committee on Armed Services’’ the first place it appears and all that follows through ‘‘the House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘the appropriate committees of Congress’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) In this section, the term ‘appropriate committees of Congress’ means— ‘‘(1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate; and ‘‘(2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives.’’. SEC. 1272. UNITED STATESISRAEL COUNTERING UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS COOPERATION. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO COUNTER UNMANNED AERIALSYSTEMS .—Section 1279(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 22 U.S.C. 8606 note), as most recently amended by section 1278 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1700), is further amended by inserting ‘‘and to establish capabilities for countering unmanned aerial systems’’ after ‘‘underground tunnels’’. (b) LIMITATION ON FUNDING .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to carry out the authority provided by the amendment made by subsection (a) may be obligated or expended until the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report describing the cooperation of the United States with Israel with respect to countering unmanned aerial systems pursuant to the authority granted by such amendment that includes each of the following: (1) An identification of specific capability gaps of the United States and Israel with respect to countering unmanned aerial systems. (2) An identification of cooperative projects that would address those capability gaps and mutually benefit and strengthen the security of the United States and Israel. (3) An assessment of the projected cost for research and development efforts for such cooperative projects, including an identification of those to be conducted in the United States, and the timeline for the completion of each such project. (4) The extent to which the capability gaps of the United States identified pursuant to paragraph (1) are not likely to be addressed through the cooperative projects identified pursuant to paragraph (2). (5) An assessment of the projected costs for procurement and fielding of any capabilities developed jointly, pursuant to the authority granted by the amendment made by subsection (a). 
(a) E XTENSION OF WARRESERVES STOCKPILE  AUTHORITY .—Section 12001(d) of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–287; 118 Stat. 1011) is amended by striking ‘‘after September 30, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘after September 30, 2023’’. (b) JOINT ASSESSMENT OF QUANTITY OF PRECISIONGUIDED MUNITIONS FOR USE BY ISRAEL .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The President is authorized to conduct a joint assessment with the Government of Israel with respect to the matters described in paragraph (2). (2) MATTERS DESCRIBED .—The matters described in this paragraph are the following: (A) The quantity and type of precision guided munitions that are necessary for Israel to combat Hezbollah in the event of a sustained armed confrontation between Israel and Hezbollah. (B) The quantity and type of precision guided munitions that are necessary for Israel in the event of a sustained armed confrontation with other armed groups and terrorist organizations, such as Hamas. (C) The resources the Government of Israel would need to dedicate to acquire such precision guided munitions. (D) United States planning to assist Israel to prepare for a sustained armed confrontation described in subparagraph (A) or (B), as well as the ability of the United States to resupply Israel in the event of such a confrontation. (E) The current United States inventory of the precision guided munitions described in subparagraphs (A) and (B), and whether such inventory meets the United States total munitions requirement. (c) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 15 days after the date on which the joint assessment authorized under subsection (b) is completed, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains the joint assessment. (2) FORM.—The report required under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (3) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Foreign Relations and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1274. REVIEW TO DETERMINE WHETHER THE ARMED FORCES OR COALITION PARTNERS OF THE UNITED STATES VIOLATED FEDERAL LAW OR DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE POLICY WHILE CONDUCTING OPERATIONS IN YEMEN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall conduct a review to determine whether the Armed Forces or coalition partners of the United States violated Federal law, the laws of armed conflict, or Department of Defense policy while conducting operations in Yemen. (b) MATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The review required under subsection (a) shall also seek to determine the following: (1) Whether the Armed Forces interrogated Yemeni citizens in prisons within Yemen or provided questions to any United States coalition partner for use in such interrogations, and whether such interrogations or actions were consistent with United States law and policy. (2) Whether the Armed Forces violated the prohibitions of section 362 of title 10, United States Code, while conducting operations in Yemen. (3) Whether any United States coalition partner committed gross violations of internationally recognized human rights while conducting operations in Yemen that would make such coalition partner ineligible for any training, equipment, or other assistance for a unit of a foreign security force under section 362 of title 10, United States Code. (4) Whether a waiver or exception has been granted to any United States coalition partner under section 362 of title 10, United States Code, while conducting operations in Yemen. (c) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report that contains— (A) the findings from the review required under subsection (a); (B) an analysis of— (i) the detention and interrogation policies and guidance of the Department of Defense; and (ii) the application of such policies and guidance to the detention and interrogation operations of allies and partners that are supported by the United States; (C) an assessment of United States responsibilities and obligations under Federal law, the laws of armed conflict, relevant treaties and agreements, and any other applicable law relating to the treatment of detainees held by allies or partners with United States support; 
(D) an assessment of any applicable policy requirements or considerations in addition to such responsibilities and obligations; (E) an assessment of the compliance standards and enforcement mechanisms associated with such responsibilities, obligations, policy requirements, or considerations; (F) a description of any assurances required to be obtained from allies and partners with respect to the treatment of detainees in custody when the United States is involved in the capture or interrogation of such detainees, including the manner in which and level at which such assurances are provided; (G) a description of the means by which the Department of Defense determines whether allies and partners comply with such assurances; (H) an explanation of the extent to which United States support for the detention and interrogation operations of allies and partners is conditioned on their compliance with such assurances; and (I) a description of the procedures used to report violations of detainee treatment standards, including procedures relating to violations occurring at facilities operated by allied or partner countries. (2) FORM.—The report required under this section shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (1) COALITION PARTNER .—The term ‘‘coalition partner’’ has the meaning given such term in paragraph (3) of section 948a of title 10, United States Code. (2) GROSS VIOLATIONS OF INTERNATIONALLY  
RECOGNIZED HUMAN RIGHTS .—The term ‘‘gross violations of internationally recognized human rights’’ has the meaning given such term in subsection (d)(1) of section 502B of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2304). 
SEC. 1275. REPORT ON UNITED STATES GOVERNMENT SECURITY COOPERATION AND ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS WITH MEXICO. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than July 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on United States Government programs relating to security cooperation with and assistance to Mexico. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of United States national security interests in Mexico. (2) A description of the security environment in Mexico, including descriptions of the threats to United States interests posed by violence related to drug trafficking and cartel activity. (3) A description of all United States security cooperation and assistance programs in Mexico, including descriptions of the purpose, objectives, and type of training, equipment, or assistance provided, the lead agency with responsibility for each such program, and how such programs advance the nationals security interests of the United States. (4) A description of the cost, scope, size, and components of such programs for fiscal years 2017 and 2018, including for each such program the following: (A) The purpose and objectives of the program. (B) The authority or authorities under which the program is conducted. (C) The types of units receiving assistance, including components of the Mexican Armed Forces, national police, gendarmerie, counternarcotics police, counterterrorism police, Formed Police Units, border security, and customs. (D) The funding and personnel levels for the program in each such fiscal year, future year costs, including sustainment costs, over the next five fiscal years, and any required increases of capacity to support the program, as appropriate. (E) The extent to which the program is implemented by contractors or United States Government personnel. (F) The metrics for assessing the effectiveness of such training, equipment, or assistance provided. (5) An evaluation of the appropriate role of United States Government departments and agencies in carrying out and coordinating such programs. (6) An evaluation of the appropriate role of contractors in carrying out such programs, and what modifications, if any, are needed to improve oversight of such contractors. (7) Any other matters determined appropriate by the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State. (c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1276. REPORT ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MISSIONS, OPERATIONS, AND ACTIVITIES IN NIGER. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation as appropriate with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the missions, operations, and activities of the Department of Defense in Niger that includes the following: (A) A description of the objectives and the associated lines of efforts of the Department in Niger, and the benchmarks for assessing progress toward such objectives. (B) A description of the timeline for achieving such objectives in Niger. (C) A justification of the relevance of such objectives in Niger to the national security of the United States and to the objectives in the National Defense Strategy. (D) A description of steps the Department is taking to ensure that security cooperation in Niger is effectively coordinated with the diplomatic and development activities of the Department of State and the United States Agency for International Development. (E) Consistent with the report required by section 1212 of this Act, a description of the legal, operational, and funding authorities relating to the lines of effort of the Department in Niger. (F) An identification of measures to mitigate operational risk to and increase the preparedness of members of the Armed Forces conducting missions, operations, or activities in Niger. (G) An assessment of the command and support relationships of United States Africa Command with subordinate commands associated with missions, operations, and activities in Niger, including Special Operations Command Africa. (H) A description of each recommendation included the Army Regulation 156 investigation report conducted by United States Africa Command regarding the incident in Niger on October 4, 2017, the current implementation status of such recommendation, and a projected implementation timeline for any recommendation not yet implemented or a justification for not implementing such recommendation. (I) An identification of the measures taken, consistent with such investigation report, to mitigate risk to and increase the preparedness of members of the Armed Forces conducting missions, operations, or activities in Niger and throughout Africa. (J) Any other matter the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (2) SCOPE OF REPORT .—The report required by paragraph (1) may also include information with respect to United States missions, operations, and activities in other countries in the region, as appropriate. (b) FORM.—The report required by subsection (a)(1) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 1277. REPORT ON THE SECURITY RELATIONSHIP BETWEEN THE UNITED STATES AND THE REPUBLIC OF CYPRUS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the security relationship between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of ongoing military and security cooperation between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus. (2) A discussion of potential steps for enhancing the bilateral security relationship between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus, including steps to enhance the military and security capabilities of the Republic of Cyprus. (3) An analysis of the effectiveness of the United States arms embargo policy to deny applications for licenses and other approvals for the export of defense articles and defense services to the armed forces of the Republic of Cyprus, and the impact of such United States policy on— (A) the bilateral security relationship between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus; and (B) the ability of the United States and partners of the United States to achieve shared security objectives in the Eastern Mediterranean region. (4) An analysis of the extent to which such United States policy is consistent with overall United States security and policy objectives in the Eastern Mediterranean region. (5) An assessment of the potential impact of lifting such United States policy on United States interests relating to the Republic of Cyprus and the Eastern Mediterranean region. (c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1278. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON DETENTION OF UNITED STATES CITIZENS BY THE GOVERNMENT OF THE REPUBLIC OF TURKEY. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Government of the Republic of Turkey continues to unlawfully and wrongfully detain United States citizens, including Andrew Brunson and Serkan Golge, and staff of United States missions in the Republic of Turkey; and (2) consistent with the obligations of the Government of the Republic of Turkey under the North Atlantic Treaty, which commits North Atlantic Treaty Organization allies to safeguard ‘‘the principles of democracy, individual liberty, and the rule of law’’, the Government of the Republic of Turkey should immediately release all United States citizens who have been wrongfully detained and resolve such cases in a timely, fair, and transparent manner. 
SEC. 1279. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS RELATED TO NATO SUPPORT AND PROCUREMENT ORGANIZATION AND RELATED NATO AGREEMENTS. 
(a) T ITLE 10, U NITED STATES CODE.—Section 2350d of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘NATO Support Organization’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘NATO Support and Procurement Organization’’; (2) by striking ‘‘Support Partnership Agreement’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Support or Procurement Partnership Agreement’’; and 
(3) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘Support Partnership Agreements’’ and inserting ‘‘Support or Procurement Partnership Agreements’’. (b) ARMS EXPORT CONTROL ACT.—Section 21(e)(3) of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2761(e)(3)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Support Organization’’ and inserting ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Support and Procurement Organization’’; and (B) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘support partnership agreement’’ and inserting ‘‘support or procurement partnership agreement’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C)(i), in the matter preceding subclause (I)— (A) by striking ‘‘‘weapon system partnership agreement’’’ and inserting ‘‘‘support or procurement partnership agreement’’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Support Organization’’ and inserting ‘‘North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Support and Procurement Organization’’. 
SEC. 1280. REPORT ON PERMANENT STATIONING OF UNITED STATES FORCES IN THE REPUBLIC OF POLAND. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the feasibility and advisability of permanently stationing United States forces in the Republic of Poland. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the types of permanently stationed United States forces in Poland required to deter aggression by the Russian Federation and execute Department of Defense contingency plans, including combat enabler units in capability areas such as— (A) combat engineering; (B) logistics and sustainment; (C) warfighting headquarters elements; (D) longrange fires; (E) air and missile defense; (F) intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance; and (G) electronic warfare. (2) An assessment of the feasibility and advisability of permanently stationing a United States Army brigade combat team in the Republic of Poland that includes the following: (A) An assessment whether a permanently stationed United States Army brigade combat team in Poland would enhance deterrence against Russian aggression in Eastern Europe. (B) An assessment of the actions the Russian Federation may take in response to a United States decision to permanently station a brigade combat team in Poland. (C) An assessment of the international political considerations of permanently stationing such a brigade combat team in Poland, including within the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO). (D) An assessment whether such a brigade combat team in Poland would support implementation of the National Defense Strategy. (E) A description and assessment of the manner in which such a brigade combat team in Poland would affect the ability of the Joint Force to execute Department of Defense contingency plans in Europe. (F) A description and assessment of the manner in which such a brigade combat team in Poland would affect the ability of the Joint Force to respond to a crisis inside the territory of a North Atlantic Treaty Organization ally that occurs prior to the invocation of Article 5 of the Washington Treaty by the North Atlantic Council. (G) An identification and assessment of— (i) potential locations in Poland for stationing such a brigade combat team; (ii) the logistics requirements, including force enablers, equipment, supplies, storage, and maintenance, that would be required to support such a brigade combat team in Poland; (iii) infrastructure investments by the United States and Poland, including new construction or upgrades of existing sites, that would be required to support such a brigade combat team in Poland; (iv) any new agreements, or changes to existing agreements, between the United States and Poland that would be required for a such a brigade combat team in Poland; (v) any changes to the posture or capabilities of the Joint Force in Europe that would be required to support such a brigade combat team in Poland; and (vi) the timeline required to achieve the permanent stationing of such a brigade combat team in Poland. (H) An assessment of the willingness and ability of the Government of Poland to provide host nation support for such a brigade combat team. (I) An assessment whether future growth in United States Army end strength may be used to source additional forces for such a brigade combat team in Poland. (c) FORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 31, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the Department’s efforts to enhance the United States’ leadership and collaboration with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization with respect to the development of a comprehensive, crossdomain strategy to build cyberdefense capacity and deter cyber attacks among Organization member countries. (b) CONTENTS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall address the following: (1) Improving cyber situational awareness among Organization member countries. (2) Implementation of the cyber operational domain roadmap of the Organization with respect to doctrine, political oversight and governance, planning, rules of engagement, and integration across Organization member countries. (3) Planned cooperative efforts to combat information warfare across Organization member countries. (4) The development of cyber capabilities, including cooperative development efforts and technology transfer. (5) Supporting stronger cyber partnerships with nonOrganization member countries, as appropriate. 
SEC. 1282. REPORT ON STATUS OF THE UNITED STATES RELATIONSHIP WITH THE REPUBLIC OF TURKEY. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the status of the United States relationship with the Republic of Turkey. (2) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The report required under this subsection shall include the following: (A) An assessment of United States military and diplomatic presence in the Republic of Turkey, including all military activities conducted from Incirlik Air Base or elsewhere. (B) An assessment of the potential purchase by the Government of the Republic of Turkey of the S400 air and missile defense system from the Russian Federation and the potential effects of such purchase on the United StatesTurkey bilateral relationship, including an assessment of impacts on other United States weapon systems and platforms operated jointly with the Republic of Turkey to include— (i) the F–35 Lightning II Joint Strike aircraft, including an assessment of the operational and counterintelligence risks posed by the deployment of the S400 air and missile defense system in the Republic of Turkey and the steps required to mitigate those risks, if possible; (ii) the Patriot surfacetoair missile system; (iii) the CH–47 Chinook heavy lift helicopter; (iv) the AH–64 Attack helicopter; (v) the H–60 Black Hawk utility helicopter; and (vi) the F–16 Fighting Falcon aircraft. (C) An assessment of the Republic of Turkey’s participation in the F–35 program, including— (i) a description of industrial participation of Turkish industry in the manufacturing and assembly of the F–35 program; (ii) an assessment of tooling and other manufacturing materials held by Turkish industry; and (iii) an assessment of the impacts of a significant change in participation by the Republic of Turkey in the F–35 program and the steps that would be required to mitigate negative impacts of such a change on the United States and other international program partners. (D) An identification of potential alternative air and missile defense systems that could be purchased by the Government of the Republic of Turkey, including air and missile defense systems operated by the United States or other North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) member states. (3) FORM.—The report required under this subsection shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (b) LIMITATION .—The Department of Defense may not deliver any F–35 aircraft to the Republic of Turkey, until such time as the report identified in subsection (a) has been submitted. (c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1283. SENSE OF THE CONGRESS CONCERNING MILITARYTOMILITARY DIALOGUES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) militarytomilitary dialogues, including in the case of allies, partners, and adversaries and potential adversaries, can be a useful and important tool for advancing United States national security objectives in a complex, interactive, and dynamic security environment; (2) frameworks for militarytomilitary dialogues should be flexible and adaptable to such a security environment and should be informed by national security guidance, such as the 2017 National Security Strategy and the 2018 National Defense Strategy; and (3) militarytomilitary dialogues can and should be reliable, enduring, and tailorable based on circumstance, so that such dialogues can be trusted and available when needed, particularly amid escalating tensions. 
Section 1287 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (22 U.S.C. 2656 note) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (2) of subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) PURPOSE .—The purpose of the Center shall be to direct, lead, synchronize, integrate, and coordinate efforts of the Federal Government to recognize, understand, expose, and counter foreign state and foreign nonstate propaganda and disinformation efforts aimed at undermining or influencing the policies, security, or stability of the United States and United States allies and partner nations.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) Direct, lead, synchronize, integrate, and coordinate interagency and international efforts to track and evaluate counterfactual narratives abroad that threaten the policies, security, or 
stability of the United States and United States allies and partner nations.’’; (B) by amending paragraph (4) to read as follows: ‘‘(4) Identify current and emerging trends in foreign propaganda and disinformation in order to coordinate and shape the development of tactics, techniques, and procedures to expose and refute foreign propaganda and disinformation, and proactively support the promotion of credible, factbased narratives and policies to audiences outside the United States.’’; (C) by redesignating paragraphs (6) through (10) as paragraphs (7) through (11), respectively; (D) by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) Measure and evaluate the activities of the Center, including the outcomes of such activities, and implement mechanisms to ensure that the activities of the Center are updated to reflect the results of such measurement and evaluation.’’; and (E) by amending paragraph (8), as so redesignated, to read as follows: ‘‘(8) Use information from appropriate interagency entities to identify the countries, geographic areas, and populations most susceptible to propaganda and disinformation, as well as the countries, geographic areas, and populations in which such propaganda and disinformation is likely to cause the most harm.’’; (3) in subsection (d), by amending paragraphs (1) and (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) DETAILEES AND ASSIGNEES .—Any Federal Government employee may be detailed or assigned to the Center with or without reimbursement, consistent with applicable laws and regulations regarding such employee, and such detail or assignment shall be without interruption or loss of status or privilege. ‘‘(2) TEMPORARY PERSONNEL .—The Secretary of State should, when hiring temporary United States citizen personnel, preference the use of Foreign Service limited appointments both in the United States and abroad in accordance with section 309 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 (22 U.S.C. 3949). The Secretary may hire United States citizens or aliens, as appropriate, including as personal services contractors, for purposes of personnel resources of the Center, if— ‘‘(A) the Secretary determines that existing personnel resources or expertise are insufficient; ‘‘(B) the period in which services are provided by a personal services contractor, including options, does not exceed 3 years, unless the Secretary determines that exceptional circumstances justify an extension of up to one additional year; ‘‘(C) not more than 50 United States citizens or aliens are employed as personal services contractors under the authority of this paragraph at any time; and ‘‘(D) the authority of this paragraph is only used to obtain specialized skills or experience or to respond to urgent needs.’’; (4) in subsection (e), by amending paragraphs (1) and (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—For each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer, from amounts appropriated to the Secretary pursuant to the authorization under this Act, to the Secretary of State not more than $60,000,000, to carry out the functions of the Center. ‘‘(2) NOTICE REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall notify the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives of a proposed transfer under paragraph (1) not less than 15 days prior to making such transfer.’’; (5) in subsection (f), by amending paragraphs (1) and (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) AUTHORITY FOR GRANTS .—The Center is authorized to provide grants or contracts of financial support to civil society groups, media content providers, nongovernmental organizations, federally funded research and development centers, private companies, or academic institutions for the following purposes: ‘‘(A) To support local entities and linkages among such entities, including independent media entities, that are best positioned to refute foreign propaganda and disinformation in affected communities. ‘‘(B) To collect and store examples of print, online, and social media disinformation and propaganda directed at the United States or United States allies and partner nations. ‘‘(C) To analyze and report on tactics, techniques, and procedures of foreign information warfare and other efforts with respect to disinformation and propaganda. ‘‘(D) To support efforts by the Center to counter efforts by foreign entities to use disinformation and propaganda to undermine or influence the policies, security, and social and political stability of the United States and United States allies and partner nations. ‘‘(2) FUNDING AVAILABILITY AND LIMITA TIONS .—The Secretary of State shall provide that each entity that receives funds under this subsection is selected in accordance with the relevant existing regulations through a process that ensures such entity has the credibility and capability to carry out effectively and in accordance with United States interests and objectives the purposes specified in paragraph (1) for which such entity received such funding.’’; (6) by redesignating subsections (h) and (i) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively; and (7) by inserting after subsection (g) the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) CONGRESSIONAL BRIEFINGS .—The Sec retary of State, together with the heads of other relevant Federal departments and agencies, shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives not less often than annually regarding the activities of the Global Engagement Center. The briefings required under this subsection shall terminate on the date specified in subsection (j).’’. 
SEC. 1285. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON COUNTERING HYBRID THREATS AND MALIGN INFLUENCE. 
It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State should— (1) work together to build and lead an international effort among likeminded democratic countries to increase awareness of and resilience to the Kremlin’s malign influence operations; and (2) urgently prioritize submission of the report required by section 1239A(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1671) on a comprehensive strategy to counter malign activities of Russia. 
SEC. 1286. INITIATIVE TO SUPPORT PROTECTION OF NATIONAL SECURITY ACADEMIC RESEARCHERS FROM UNDUE INFLUENCE AND OTHER SECURITY THREATS. 
(a) I NITIATIVE REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in consultation with other appropriate government organizations, establish an initiative to work with academic institutions who perform defense research and engineering activities— (1) to support protection of intellectual property, controlled information, key personnel, and information about critical technologies relevant to national security; (2) to limit undue influence, including through foreign talent programs, by countries to exploit United States technology within the Department of Defense research, science and technology, and innovation enterprise; and (3) to support efforts toward development of domestic talent in relevant scientific and engineering fields. (b) INSTITUTIONS AND ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The initiative required by subsection (a) shall be developed and executed to the maximum extent practicable with academic research institutions and other educational and research organizations. (2) RECORD OF EXCELLENCE .—In selecting research institutions of higher education under this subsection, the Secretary shall prioritize selection of institutions of higher education that the Secretary determines demonstrate a record of excellence in industrial security in academia and in research and development. (c) REQUIREMENTS .—The initiative required by subsection (a) shall include development of the following: (1) Information exchange forum and information repositories to enable awareness of security threats and influence operations being executed against the United States research, technology, and innovation enterprise. (2) Training and other support for academic institutions to promote security and limit undue influence on institutions and personnel, including financial support for execution for such activities. (3) The capacity of government and academic institutions and institutions of higher education to assess whether individuals affiliated with Department of Defense programs have participated in or are currently participating in foreign talent programs or expert recruitment programs. (4) Opportunities to collaborate with defense researchers and research organizations in secure facilities to promote protection of critical information and strengthen defense against foreign intelligence services. (5) Regulations and procedures— (A) for government and academic organizations and personnel to support the goals of the initiative; and (B) that are consistent with policies that protect open and scientific exchange in fundamental research. (6) Policies to limit or prohibit funding provided by the Department of Defense for institutions or individual researchers who knowingly violate regulations developed under the initiative, including regulations relating to foreign talent programs. (7) Initiatives to support the transition of the results of academic institution research programs into defense capabilities. (d) BRIEFING .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on the following: (1) Ongoing implementation of the initiative required by subsection (a). (2) The development of a definition for ‘‘foreign talent programs’’ for the purposes of the initiative. (3) The preliminary results of the report required by subsection (e). (e) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the activities carried out under the initiative required by subsection (a). (2) CONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the activities conducted and the progress made under the initiative. (B) The findings of the Secretary with respect to the initiative. (C) Such recommendations as the Secretary may have for legislative or administrative action relating to the matters described in subsection (a), including actions related to foreign talent programs. (D) Identification and discussion of the gaps in legal authorities that need to be improve to 
enhance the security of research institutions of higher education performing defense research. (E) A description of the actions taken by such institutions to comply with such best practices and guidelines as may be established by under the initiative. (3) FORM.—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in both unclassified and classified formats, as appropriate. (f) INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION DEFINED .—The term ‘‘institution of higher education’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001). 
SEC. 1287. REPORT ON HONDURAS, GUATEMALA, AND EL SALVADOR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense and other appropriate agencies, shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report regarding narcotics trafficking corruption and illicit campaign finance in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador. (b) MATTERS TO BEINCLUDED .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the names of senior government officials in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador who are known to have committed or facilitated acts of grand corruption or narcotics trafficking; (2) the names of elected officials in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador who are known to have received campaign funds that are the proceeds of narcotrafficking or other illicit activities in the last 2 years; and (3) the names of individuals in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador who are known to have facilitated the financing of political campaigns in any of the Northern Triangle countries with the proceeds of narcotrafficking or other illicit activities in the last 2 years. (c) FORM.—The report submitted under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1288. MODIFICATION OF FREEDOM OF NAVIGATION REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
Subsection (a) of section 1275 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2540), as amended by section 1262(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1689), is further amended by striking ‘‘the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives’’ and inserting ‘‘the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives’’. 
SEC. 1289. COORDINATION OF EFFORTS TO NEGOTIATE FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS WITH CERTAIN SUBSAHARAN AFRICAN COUNTRIES. 
Section 1293 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 19 U.S.C. 3723 note) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) COORDINATION WITHMILLENNIUM CHALLENGE CORPORATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—After the date of the enactment of this subsection, with respect to those countries identified under section 110(b)(1) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–27; 129 Stat. 370; 19 U.S.C. 3705 note) that also meet the country description in paragraph (2), the United States Trade Representative shall consult and coordinate with the Millennium Challenge Corporation and the United States Agency for International Development for the purpose of developing and carrying out the plan required by section 116(b) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act (19 U.S.C. 3723(b)). ‘‘(2) COUNTRY DESCRIPTION .—A country is described in this paragraph if the country— ‘‘(A) has entered into a Millennium Challenge Compact pursuant to section 609 of the Millennium Challenge Act of 2003 (22 U.S.C. 7708); or ‘‘(B) is selected by the Board of Directors of the Millennium Challenge Corporation under subsection (c) of section 607 of that Act (22 U.S.C. 7706) from among the countries determined to be eligible countries under subsection (a) of that section.’’. SEC. 1290. CERTIFICATIONS REGARDING ACTIONS BY SAUDI ARABIA AND THE UNITED ARAB EMIRATES IN YEMEN. 
(a) R ESTRICTION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), if the Secretary of State is unable under subsection (c) or (d) to certify that the Government of Saudi Arabia and the Government of the United Arab Emirates are undertaking the effort, measures, and actions described in subsection (c), no Federal funds may be obligated or expended after the deadline for the applicable certification to provide authorized inflight refueling pursuant to section 2342 of title 10, United States Code, or other applicable statutory authority, of Saudi or Saudiled coalition nonUnited States aircraft conducting missions in Yemen, other than missions related to— (A) al Qaeda, al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula (AQAP), or the Islamic State in Iraq and Syria (ISIS); (B) countering the transport, assembly, or employment of ballistic missiles or components in Yemen; (C) helping coalition aircraft return safely to base in emergency situations; (D) force protection of United States aircraft, ships, or personnel; or (E) freedom of navigation for United States military and international commerce. (2) WAIVER .—The Secretary may waive the restriction in paragraph (1) with respect to a particular certification if the Secretary— (A) certifies to the appropriate committees of Congress that the waiver is in the national security interests of the United States; and (B) submits to the appropriate committees of Congress a report, in written and unclassified form, setting forth— (i) the effort in subsection (c)(1)(A), measures in subsection (c)(1)(B), or actions in subsections (c)(1)(C) or (c)(2), or combination thereof, about which the Secretary is unable to make the certification; (ii) a detailed explanation why the Secretary is unable to make the certification about such effort, measures, or actions; (iii) a description of the actions the Secretary is taking to encourage the Government of Saudi Arabia or the Government of the United Arab Emirates, as applicable, to undertake such effort, measures, or actions; and (iv) a detailed justification for the waiver. (b) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President or the President’s designee shall provide a briefing to the appropriate committees of Congress including, at a minimum— (1) a description of Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates’ military and political objectives in Yemen and whether United States assistance to the Saudiled coalition has resulted in significant progress towards meeting those objectives; (2) a description of efforts by the Government of Saudi Arabia to avoid disproportionate harm to civilians and civilian objects in Yemen, and an assessment of whether United States assistance to the Saudiled coalition has led to a demonstrable decrease in civilians killed or injured by Saudiled airstrikes and damage to civilian infrastructure; (3) an assessment of the United Nations Verification and Inspection Mechanism (UNVIM) in Yemen and an assessment of the need for existing secondary inspection and clearance processes and transshipment requirements on humanitarian and commercial vessels that have been cleared by UNVIM; (4) a description of the sources of external support for the Houthi forces, including financial assistance, weapons transfers, operational planning, training, and advisory assistance; (5) an assessment of the applicability of United States and international sanctions to Houthi forces that have committed grave human rights abuses, obstructed international aid, and launched ballistic missiles into Saudi territory, and an assessment of the applicability of United States and international sanctions to individuals or entities providing the Houthi forces with material support; and (6) an assessment of the effect of the Saudiled coalition’s military operations in Yemen on the efforts of the United States to defeat al Qaeda in the Arabian Peninsula and the Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant. (c) INITIAL CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a certification indicating whether— (1) the Government of Saudi Arabia and the Government of the United Arab Emirates are undertaking— (A) an urgent and good faith effort to support diplomatic efforts to end the civil war in Yemen; (B) appropriate measures to alleviate the humanitarian crisis in Yemen by increasing access for Yemenis to food, fuel, medicine, and medical evacuation, including through the appropriate use of Yemen’s Red Sea ports, including the port of Hudaydah, the airport in Sana’a, and external border crossings with Saudi Arabia; and (C) demonstrable actions to reduce the risk of harm to civilians and civilian infrastructure resulting from military operations of the Government of Saudi Arabia and the Government of the United Arab Emirates in Yemen, including by— (i) complying with applicable agreements and laws regulating defense articles purchased or transferred from the United States; and (ii) taking appropriate steps to avoid disproportionate harm to civilians and civilian infrastructure; and (2) in the case of Saudi Arabia, the Government of Saudi Arabia is undertaking appropriate actions to reduce any unnecessary delays to shipments associated with secondary inspection and clearance processes other than UNVIM. (d) SUBSEQUENT CERTIFICATIONS .—Not later than 180 and 360 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a certification indicating whether the Government of Saudi Arabia and the Government of the United Arab Emirates are undertaking the effort, measures, and actions described in subsection (c). (e) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as authorizing the use of military force. (f) FORM OF CERTIFICATIONS .—The certifications required under subsections (c) and (d) shall be written, detailed, and submitted in unclassified form. (g) STRATEGY REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress an unclassified report listing United States objectives in Yemen and detailing a strategy to accomplish those objectives. The report shall be unclassified but may include a classified annex. (h) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and 
(2) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1291. TREATMENT OF RWANDAN PATRIOTIC FRONT AND RWANDAN PATRIOTIC ARMY UNDER IMMIGRATION AND NATIONALITY ACT. 
(a) R EMOVAL OF TREATMENT AS TERRORIST  ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Rwandan Patriotic Front and the Rwandan Patriotic Army shall be excluded from the definition of terrorist organization (as defined in section 212(a)(3)(B)(vi)(III) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(vi)(III))) for purposes of such section 212(a)(3)(B) for any period before August 1, 1994. (2) EXCEPTION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Attorney General, or the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Attorney General, as applicable, may suspend the application of paragraph (1) for the Rwandan Patriotic Front or the Rwandan Patriotic Army in the sole and unreviewable discretion of such applicable Secretary. (B) REPORT .—Not later than, or contemporaneously with, a suspension of paragraph (1) under subparagraph (A), the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Security, as applicable, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on the justification for such suspension. (b) RELIEF FROMINADMISSIBILITY .— (1) ACTIVITIES BEFORE AUGUST 1 , 1994.—Section 212(a)(3)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)) shall not apply to an alien with respect to any activity undertaken by the alien in association with the Rwandan Patriotic Front or the Rwandan Patriotic Army before August 1, 1994. (2) EXCEPTIONS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply if the Secretary of State or the Secretary of Homeland Security, as applicable, determines in the sole unreviewable discretion of such applicable Secretary that— (i) in the totality of the circumstances, such alien— (I) poses a threat to the safety and security of the United States; or (II) does not merit a visa, admission to the United States, or a grant of an immigration benefit or protection; or (ii) such alien committed, ordered, incited, assisted, or otherwise participated in the commission of— (I) an offense described in section 2441 of title 18, United States Code; or (II) an offense described in Presidential Proclamation 8697, dated August 4, 2011. (B) IMPLEMENTATION .—Subparagraph (A) shall be implemented by the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Homeland Security, in consultation with the Attorney General. (c) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (1) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on the Judiciary, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1292. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS TO IMPLEMENT THE ARMS TRADE TREATY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty, or to make any change to existing programs, projects, or activities as approved by Congress in furtherance of, pursuant to, or otherwise to implement such Treaty, unless the Treaty has received the advice and consent of the Senate and has been the subject of implementing legislation, as required, by Congress. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preclude the Department of Defense from assisting foreign countries in bringing their laws and regulations up to United States standards. 
SEC. 1293. PROHIBITION ON PROVISION OF WEAPONS AND OTHER FORMS OF SUPPORT TO CERTAIN ORGANIZATIONS. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 may be used to knowingly provide weapons or any other form of support to Al Qaeda, the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS), Jabhat Fateh al Sham, or any individual or group affiliated with any such organization. 
SEC. 1294. MODIFIED WAIVER AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN SANCTIONABLE TRANSACTIONS UNDER SECTION 231 OF THE COUNTERING AMERICA’S ADVERSARIES THROUGH SANCTIONS ACT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 231 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (Public Law 115–44; 22 U.S.C. 9525) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsection (e) and (f), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (c), as amended, the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) MODIFIED WAIVER AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN SANCTIONABLE TRANSACTIONS UNDER THIS SECTION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The President may use the authority under section 236(b) to waive the application of sanctions with respect to a person under this section without regard to section 216 if, not later than 30 days prior to the waiver taking effect, the President certifies in writing to the appropriate congressional committees and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives that— ‘‘(A) the waiver is in the national security interests of the United States; ‘‘(B) the significant transaction described in subsection (a) that the person engaged in with respect to which the waiver is being exercised— ‘‘(i) is not a significant transaction with— ‘‘(I) the Main Intelligence Agency of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation; ‘‘(II) the Federal Security Service of the Russian Federation; ‘‘(III) the Foreign Intelligence Service of the Russian Federation; ‘‘(IV) Autonomous Noncommercial Professional Organization/Professional Association of Designers of Data Processing (ANO PO KSI); ‘‘(V) the Special Technology Center; ‘‘(VI) Zorsecurity; or ‘‘(VII) any person that the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, determines— ‘‘(aa) to be part of, or operating for or on behalf of, the defense or intelligence sector of the Government of the Russian Federation; and ‘‘(bb) has directly participated in or facilitated cyber intrusions by the Government of the Russian Federation; and ‘‘(ii) would not— ‘‘(I) endanger the integrity of any multilateral alliance of which the United States is a part; ‘‘(II) adversely affect ongoing operations of the Armed Forces of the United States, including coalition operations in which the Armed Forces of the United States participate; ‘‘(III) result in a significant negative impact to defense cooperation between the United States and the country whose government has primary jurisdiction over the person; and ‘‘(IV) significantly increase the risk of compromising United States defense systems and operational capabilities; and ‘‘(C) the government with primary jurisdiction over the person— ‘‘(i) is taking or will take steps to reduce its inventory of major defense equipment and advanced conventional weapons produced by the defense sector of the Russian Federation as a share of its total inventory of major defense equipment and advanced conventional weapons over a specified period; or ‘‘(ii) is cooperating with the United States Government on other security matters that are critical to United States strategic interests. ‘‘(2) FORM.—The certification described in paragraph (1) shall be transmitted in an unclassified form, and may contain a classified annex. ‘‘(3) REPORT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date on which the President submits a certification described in paragraph (1) with respect to the waiver of the application of sanctions with respect to a person under this section, and annually thereafter for two years, the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees and the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives a report on the waiver. ‘‘(B) MATTERS TO BE INCLUDED .—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall include— ‘‘(i) the extent to which such waiver has or has not resulted in the compromise of United States systems and operational capabilities, including through the diversion of United States sensitive technology to a person that is part of, or operates for or on behalf of, the defense or intelligence sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation; and ‘‘(ii) the extent to which the government with primary jurisdiction over the person is taking specific actions to further the enforcement of this title.’’. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in subsection (d) of section 231 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (Public Law 115–44; 22 U.S.C. 9525), as added by subsection (a) of this section, shall be construed to modify, waive, or terminate any existing sanctions with respect to the Russian Federation, including any Russian person or entity, that are in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) REPORT .— (1) INITIAL REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that describes those persons that the President has determined under section 231 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (Public Law 115–44; 22 U.S.C. 9525) have knowingly engaged, on or after August 2, 2017, in a significant transaction with a person that is part of, or operates for or on behalf of, the defense or intelligence sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation, as defined in guidance required under subsection (e) of that section, as redesignated by subsection (a)(1) of this section. (2) UPDATES .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the submission of the report required by paragraph (1), and every 90 days thereafter for a period of 5 years, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees an update to the report required by that paragraph. (3) ELEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) and each update required by paragraph (2) shall contain the following: (A) A list of persons that the President has determined under section 231 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (Public Law 115–44; 22 U.S.C. 9525) have knowingly engaged, on or after August 2, 2017, in a significant transaction with a person that is part of, or operates for or on behalf of, the defense or intelligence sectors of the Government 
of the Russian Federation, as defined in guidance required under subsection (e) of that section, as redesignated by subsection (a)(1) of this section. (B) For the initial report required by paragraph (1), a yearbyyear and countrybycountry description of significant transactions from persons described in paragraph (1), dating back to August 2, 2017, and for each update required by paragraph (2), such a description of significant transactions dating back to the date of submission of the most recent report submitted under paragraph (1) or the most recent update submitted under paragraph (2), as applicable. (C) A description of the significant transactions described in subsection (a) of such section 231, including, for each such transaction, types of material and equipment involved, the monetary value of the transaction, and the duration of any contract involved. (D) A description of the diplomatic efforts by the Government of the United States, if any, to persuade persons to no longer conduct significant transactions with persons that are part of, or operate for or on behalf of, the defense or intelligence sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation, as defined in guidance required under subsection (e) of such section 231, as redesignated by subsection (a)(1) of this section. (E) A description of significant transactions with persons that are part of, or operate for or on behalf of, the defense or intelligence sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation, if any, that the Government of the United States through diplomatic efforts was able to persuade persons not to engage in, including a description of each such transaction and the monetary value of the transaction. (4) FORM.—The initial report required by paragraph (1) and each update required under paragraph (2) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. (5) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ has the meaning given that term in section 221 of the Countering Russian Influence in Europe and Eurasia Act of 2017 (22 U.S.C. 9521) and includes the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. (d) EXCEPTION RELATING TO IMPORTATION OF  GOODS.—No provision affecting sanctions under this section or an amendment made by this section shall apply to any portion of a sanction that affects the importation of goods. 
SEC. 1295. RULE OF CONSTRUCTION RELATING TO THE USE OF FORCE. 
Nothing in this Act may be construed to authorize the use of force against Iran or North Korea. TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION TITLE XIII—COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION Sec. 1301. Funding allocations. Sec. 1302. Specification of cooperative threat reduction funds. 
Of the $335,240,000 authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 in section 301 and made available by the funding table in division D for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program established under section 1321 of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act (50 U.S.C. 3711), the following amounts may be obligated for the purposes specified: (1) For strategic offensive arms elimination, $2,823,000. (2) For chemical weapons destruction, $5,446,000. (3) For global nuclear security, $29,001,000. (4) For cooperative biological engagement, $197,585,000. (5) For proliferation prevention, $74,937,000. (6) For activities designated as Other Assessments/Administrative Costs, $25,448,000. SEC. 1302. SPECIFICATION OF COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION FUNDS. 
Funds appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 301 and made available by the funding table in division D for the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program shall be available for obligation for fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021. TITLE XIV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Subtitle A—Military Programs Sec. 1401. Working capital funds. Sec. 1402. Chemical agents and munitions destruction, defense. Sec. 1403. Drug interdiction and counterdrug activities, defensewide. Sec. 1404. Defense inspector general. Sec. 1405. Defense health program. Subtitle B—Armed Forces Retirement Home Sec. 1411. Authorization of appropriations for Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1412. Expansion of eligibility for residence at the Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1413. Oversight of health care provided to residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1414. Modification of authority on acceptance of gifts for the Armed Forces Retirement Home. Sec. 1415. Relief for residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home impacted by increase in fees. Sec. 1416. Limitation on applicability of fee increase for residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 1421. Authority for transfer of funds to joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs medical facility demonstration fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois. Sec. 1422. Economical and efficient operation of working capital fund activities. Sec. 1423. Consolidation of reporting requirements under the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act. Sec. 1424. Quarterly briefing on progress of chemical demilitarization program. Subtitle A—Military Programs 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing capital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. (b) USE.—Amounts authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a) are authorized for— (1) the destruction of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521); and (2) the destruction of chemical warfare materiel of the United States that is not covered by section 1412 of such Act. 
SEC. 1403. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSEWIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, Defensewide, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. SEC. 1404. DEFENSE INSPECTOR GENERAL. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Defense Health Program for use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing for the health of eligible beneficiaries, as specified in the funding table in section 4501. Subtitle B—Armed Forces Retirement Home 
SEC. 1411. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
There is hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 from the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund the sum of $64,300,000 for the operation of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. 
SEC. 1412. EXPANSION OF ELIGIBILITY FOR RESIDENCE AT THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
Section 1512 of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 412) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) P ERSONS ELIGIBLE TO BERESIDENTS .— Except as provided in subsection (b), the following persons who served as members of the Armed Forces, at least onehalf of whose service was not active commissioned service (other than as a warrant officer or limitedduty officer), are eligible to become residents of the Retirement Home: ‘‘(1) Persons who are 60 years of age or over and were discharged or released from service in the Armed Forces after 20 or more years of active service. ‘‘(2) Persons who are determined under rules prescribed by the Chief Operating Officer to be suffering from a serviceconnected disability incurred in the line of duty in the Armed Forces. ‘‘(3) Persons who served in a war theater during a time of war declared by Congress or were eligible for hostile fire special pay under section 310 or 351 of title 37, United States Code, and who are determined under rules prescribed by the Chief Operating Officer to be suffering from injuries, disease, or disability. ‘‘(4) Persons who served in a women’s component of the Armed Forces before June 12, 1948, and are determined under rules prescribed by the Chief Operating Officer to be eligible for admission because of compelling personal circumstances. ‘‘(b) PERSONS INELIGIBLE TO BERESIDENTS .— The following persons are ineligible to become a resident of the Retirement Home: ‘‘(1) A person who— ‘‘(A) has been convicted of a felony; or ‘‘(B) was discharged or released from service in the Armed Forces under other than honorable conditions. ‘‘(2) A person with substance abuse or mental health problems, except upon a judgment and satisfactory determination by the Chief Operating Officer that— ‘‘(A) the person has been evaluated by a qualified health professional selected by the Retirement Home; ‘‘(B) the Retirement Home can accommodate the person’s condition; and ‘‘(C) the person agrees to such conditions of residency as the Retirement Home may require. ‘‘(c) ACCEPTANCE .—To apply for acceptance as a resident of a facility of the Retirement Home, a person eligible to be a resident shall submit to the Administrator of that facility an application in such form and containing such information as the Chief Operating Officer may require. 
‘‘(d) P RIORITIES FOR ACCEPTANCE .—The Chief Operating Officer shall establish a system of priorities for the acceptance of residents so that the most deserving applicants will be accepted whenever the number of eligible applicants is greater than the Retirement Home can accommodate. ‘‘(e) SPOUSES OF RESIDENTS .— ‘‘(1) AUTHORITY TO ADMIT .—Except as otherwise established pursuant to subsection (d), the spouse of a person accepted as a resident of a facility of the Retirement Home may be admitted to that facility if the spouse— ‘‘(A) is a covered beneficiary within the meaning of section 1072(5) of title 10, United States Code; ‘‘(B) is not ineligible to become a resident as provided in subsection (b); and ‘‘(C) submits an application for admittance in accordance with subsection (c). ‘‘(2) TREATMENT AS RESIDENT .—A spouse admitted in accordance with paragraph (1) shall be a resident of the Retirement Home consistent with this Act, except as the Chief Operating Officer may otherwise provide.’’. 
SEC. 1413. OVERSIGHT OF HEALTH CARE PROVIDED TO RESIDENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
Section 1513A(c) of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 413a(c)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following new paragraph (1): ‘‘(1) Facilitate and monitor the timely availability to residents of the Retirement Home such medical, mental health, and dental care services as such residents may require at locations other than the Retirement Home.’’ (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘Ensure’’ and inserting ‘‘Monitor’’. 
SEC. 1414. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY ON ACCEPTANCE OF GIFTS FOR THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
Paragraph (1) of section 1515(f) of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 415(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) The Chief Operating Officer may accept, receive, solicit, hold, administer, and use any gift, devise, or bequest, either absolutely or in trust, of real or personal property, or any income therefrom or other interest therein, for the benefit of the Retirement Home.’’. 
SEC. 1415. RELIEF FOR RESIDENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME IMPACTED BY INCREASE IN FEES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION ON REMOVAL FOR INABILITY  TOPAYFEEINCREASE .—A resident of the Armed Forces Retirement Home as of September 30, 2018, may not be removed or released from the Retirement Home after that date based solely upon the inability of the resident to pay the amount of any increase in fees applicable to residents of the Retirement Home that takes effect on October 1, 2018. (b) OTHER RELIEF .—The Chief Operating Officer of the Armed Forces Retirement Home shall take all actions practicable to accommodate residents of the Retirement Home who are impacted by the fee structure applicable to residents of the Retirement Home that takes effect on October 1, 2018, including through hardship relief, additional deductions from gross income, and other appropriate actions. 
SEC. 1416. LIMITATION ON APPLICABILITY OF FEE INCREASE FOR RESIDENTS OF THE ARMED FORCES RETIREMENT HOME. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of an individual who was a resident of the Armed Forces Retirement Home as of April 9, 2018, the increase in fees for residents of the Home scheduled to take effect on October 1, 2018, shall occur on an incremental basis over the threeyear period beginning on October 1, 2018, such that the total fee for such individual as a resident of the Home as of the end of such period covers the cost of care of such individual as a resident of the Home. (b) NOTICE AND WAIT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF  FUTURE INCREASES .—Any increase in the fees for residents of the Home that is scheduled to take effect after October 1, 2018, may not take effect until 90 days after the date on which a report on the increase is submitted to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. Subtitle C—Other Matters SEC. 1421. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS TO JOINT DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSEDEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS MEDICAL FACILITY DEMONSTRATION FUND FOR CAPTAIN JAMES A. LOVELL HEALTH CARE CENTER, ILLINOIS. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF FUNDS.—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by section 1405 and available for the Defense Health Program for operation and maintenance, $113,000,000 may be transferred by the Secretary of Defense to the Joint Department of Defense– Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund established by subsection (a)(1) of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84; 123 Stat. 2571). For purposes of subsection (a)(2) of such section 1704, any funds so transferred shall be treated as amounts authorized and appropriated specifically for the purpose of such a transfer. (b) USE OF TRANSFERRED FUNDS.—For the purposes of subsection (b) of such section 1704, facility operations for which funds transferred under subsection (a) may be used are operations of the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility under an operational agreement covered by section 706 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4500). 
SEC. 1422. ECONOMICAL AND EFFICIENT OPERATION OF WORKING CAPITAL FUND ACTIVITIES. 
Section 2208(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The accomplishment of the most economical and efficient organization and operation of working capital fund activities for the purposes of this subsection shall include actions toward the following: ‘‘(1) Undertaking efforts to optimize the rate structure for all requisitioning entities. ‘‘(2) Encouraging a working capital fund activity to perform reimbursable work for other entities to sustain the efficient use of the workforce. ‘‘(3) Determining the appropriate leadership level for approving work from outside entities to maximize efficiency.’’. 
SEC. 1423. CONSOLIDATION OF REPORTING REQUIREMENTS UNDER THE STRATEGIC AND CRITICAL MATERIALS STOCK PILING ACT. 
Section 11 of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act (50 U.S.C. 98h–2) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘January 15’’ and inserting ‘‘February 15’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Not later’’ and all that follows through ‘‘report containing’’ and inserting ‘‘Each report under subsection (a) shall also include’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) by striking ‘‘Each’’ in the first sentence and inserting ‘‘With respect to the plan described in paragraph (1), each’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘Each such report’’ in the second sentence and inserting ‘‘With respect to such plan, each report’’. 
SEC. 1424. QUARTERLY BRIEFING ON PROGRESS OF CHEMICAL DEMILITARIZATION PROGRAM. 
Section 1412(j) of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521(j)) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘Semiannual Reports’’ and inserting ‘‘QUARTERLY BRIEFING ’’; (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘March 1’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the year in which’’ and inserting ‘‘90 days after the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, and every 90 days thereafter until’’; (B) by striking ‘‘submit to’’ and inserting ‘‘brief’’; (C) by striking ‘‘a report on the implementation’’ and inserting ‘‘on the progress made’’; and (D) by striking ‘‘of its chemical weapons destruction obligations’’ and inserting ‘‘toward fulfilling its chemical weapons destruction obligations’’; and (3) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) Each briefing under paragraph (1) shall include a description of contractor costs and performance relative to schedule, the progress to date toward the complete destruction of the stockpile, and any other information the Secretary determines to be relevant.’’. TITLE XV—AUTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 1501. Purpose. Sec. 1502. Procurement. Sec. 1503. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 1504. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 1505. Military personnel. Sec. 1506. Working capital funds. Sec. 1507. Drug interdiction and counterdrug activities, defensewide. Sec. 1508. Defense inspector general. Sec. 1509. Defense health program. Subtitle B—Financial Matters Sec. 1511. Treatment as additional authorizations. Sec. 1512. Special transfer authority. Sec. 1513. Overseas contingency operations. Subtitle C—Other Matters Sec. 1521. Joint ImprovisedThreat Defeat Organization. Sec. 1522. Enduring costs funded through overseas contingency operations. Sec. 1523. Comptroller General report on use of funds provided by overseas contingency operations. Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations 
The purpose of this subtitle is to authorize appropriations for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 to provide additional funds for overseas contingency operations being carried out by the Armed Forces. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement accounts for the Army, the Navy and the Marine Corps, the Air Force, and Defensewide activities, as specified in the funding table in section 4102. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Department of Defense for research, development, test, and evaluation, as specified in the funding table in section 4202. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for operation and maintenance, as specified in the funding table in section 4302. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the 
Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for military personnel, as specified in the funding table in section 4402. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the use of the Armed Forces and other activities and agencies of the Department of Defense for providing capital for working capital and revolving funds, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
SEC. 1507. DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSEWIDE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, Defensewide, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Defense, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 for expenses, not otherwise provided for, for the Defense Health Program, as specified in the funding table in section 4502. Subtitle B—Financial Matters 
The amounts authorized to be appropriated by this title are in addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. 
(a) A UTHORITY TOTRANSFER AUTHORIZA TIONS .— (1) AUTHORITY .—Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may transfer amounts of authorizations made available to the Department of Defense in this title for fiscal year 2019 between any such authorizations for that fiscal year (or any subdivisions thereof). Amounts of authorizations so transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the authorization to which transferred. (2) LIMITATION .—The total amount of authorizations that the Secretary may transfer under the authority of this subsection may not exceed $3,500,000,000. (b) TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Transfers under this section shall be subject to the same terms and conditions as transfers under section 1001. (c) ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY .—The transfer authority provided by this section is in addition to the transfer authority provided under section 1001. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for overseas contingency operations in such amounts as may be designated as provided in section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (2 U.S.C. 901(b)(2)(A)(ii)). Subtitle C—Other Matters 
(a) U SE AND TRANSFER OF FUNDS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subsections (b) and (c) of section 1514 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364; 120 Stat. 2439), as in effect before the amendments made by section 1503 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417; 122 Stat. 4649), shall apply to amounts made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for the Joint Improvised Threat Defeat Organization. (2) REFERENCES TO JOINT IMPROVISED EXPLO SIVE DEVICE DEFEAT FUND .—In the application of paragraph (1) to the use of funds described in that paragraph in fiscal year 2019, any reference in the subsections referred to in that paragraph to the Joint Improvised Explosive Device Defeat Fund shall be deemed to be a reference to the Joint ImprovisedThreat Defeat Organization. (b) INTERDICTION OF IMPROVISED EXPLOSIVE  DEVICE PRECURSOR CHEMICALS .— (1) AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense by this Act for the Joint ImprovisedThreat Defeat Organization, $15,000,000 may be made available to the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to provide training, equipment, supplies, and services to ministries and other entities of foreign governments that the Secretary of Defense has identified as critical for countering the flow of improvised explosive device precursor chemicals. (2) PROVISION THROUGH OTHER UNITED STATES  
AGENCIES .—If jointly agreed upon by the Secretary of Defense and the head of another department or agency of the United States Government, the Secretary of Defense may transfer amounts made available under paragraph (1) to such department or agency for the provision by such department or agency of training, equipment, supplies, and services to ministries and other entities of foreign governments as described in that paragraph. (3) NOTICE TO CONGRESS .—None of the funds made available under paragraph (1) may be obligated or expended to supply training, equipment, supplies, or services to a foreign country before the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, has submitted to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a notice that includes each of the following: (A) The name of the foreign country for which training, equipment, supplies, or services are proposed to be supplied. (B) A description of the training, equipment, supplies, and services to be provided to such foreign country using such funds. (C) A detailed description of the amounts proposed to be obligated or expended to supply such training, equipment, supplies, or services, including— (i) any amounts proposed to be obligated or expended to support the participation of a department or agency of the United States Government other than the Department of Defense; and (ii) a description of the training, equipment, supplies, or services proposed to be supplied. (D) An evaluation of the effectiveness of the efforts of such foreign country to counter the flow of improvised explosive device precursor chemicals. (E) An overall plan for countering the flow of precursor chemicals in such foreign country. (4) EXPIRATION .—The authority provided by this subsection expires on December 31, 2019. (c) TRANSITION PLAN REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to transition funding for the Joint ImprovisedThreat Defeat Organization from amounts made available for overseas contingency operations to amounts otherwise made available for the purposes of such Organization. 
SEC. 1522. ENDURING COSTS FUNDED THROUGH OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 14 days after the President submits to Congress the budget request for each of fiscal years 2020, 2021, 2022, 2023, and 2024, pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on enduring costs funded through overseas contingency operations. (b) ELEMENTS .—Each report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An estimate of the costs of operations currently supported in part or in whole by requested funding for overseas contingency operations that are likely to continue beyond such contingency, in accordance with the recommendation in the Government Accountability Office report entitled ‘‘Overseas Contingency Operations: OMB and DOD Should Revise the Criteria for Determining Eligible Costs and Identify the Costs Likely to Endure Long Term’’ published on January 18, 2017. (2) With respect to programs, projects, or activities for which the source of the requested funds has shifted from overseas contingency operations funding in the previous fiscal year to base budget funding in the current fiscal year— (A) a description of the criteria used by the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces in determining the programs, projects, and activities for which funds were requested in the budget request of the current fiscal year for overseas contingency operations, including any changes relative to the criteria issued in 2010 that was used by the Office of Management and Budget to identify such programs, projects, and activities for such funding requests; (B) a list of each such program, project, or activity and the amount requested for each such program, project, or activity, at the following levels of detail: (i) For procurement, by line item. (ii) For research, development, test, and evaluation, by program element number. (iii) For operation and maintenance, by sub activity group. (iv) For military personnel, by subactivity group. (v) For revolving and management funds, by subactivity group. (vi) For military construction, by project. (c) FORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. 
SEC. 1523. COMPTROLLER GENERAL REPORT ON USE OF FUNDS PROVIDED BY OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to Congress a report on how funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for overseas contingency operations were obligated. (b) FORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. TITLE XVI—STRATEGIC PROGRAMS, CYBER, AND INTELLIGENCE MATTERS Subtitle A—Space Activities Sec. 1601. Improvements to acquisition system, personnel, and organization of space forces. Sec. 1602. Modifications to Space Rapid Capabilities Office. Sec. 1603. Rapid, responsive, and reliable space launch. Sec. 1604. Provision of space situational awareness services and information. Sec. 1605. Budget assessments for national security space programs. Sec. 1606. Improvements to commercial space launch operations. Sec. 1607. Space warfighting policy, review of space capabilities, and plan on space warfighting readiness. Sec. 1608. Use of small and mediumsize buses for strategic and tactical satellite payloads. Sec. 1609. Enhancement of positioning, navigation, and timing capacity. 
Sec. 1610. Designation of component of Department of Defense responsible for coordination of modernization efforts relating to militarycode capable GPS receiver cards. Sec. 1611. Designation of component of Department of Defense responsible for coordination of hosted payload information. Sec. 1612. Limitation on availability of funds for Joint Space Operations Center mission system. Sec. 1613. Evaluation and enhanced security of supply chain for protected satellite communications programs and overhead persistent infrared systems. Sec. 1614. Report on protected satellite communications. Sec. 1615. Report on enhancements to the Global Positioning System Operational Control Segment. Sec. 1616. Report on persistent weather imagery for United States Central Command. Sec. 1617. Study on spacebased radio frequency mapping. Sec. 1618. Independent study on space launch locations. Sec. 1619. Briefing on commercial satellite servicing capabilities. Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and IntelligenceRelated Activities Sec. 1621. Role of Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. Sec. 1622. Security vetting for foreign nationals. Sec. 1623. Department of Defense Counterintelligence polygraph program. Sec. 1624. Defense intelligence business management systems. Sec. 1625. Modification to annual briefing on the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance requirements of the combatant commands. Sec. 1626. Framework on governance, mission management, resourcing, and effective oversight of combat support agencies that are also elements of the intelligence community. Subtitle C—CyberspaceRelated Matters Sec. 1631. Reorganization and consolidation of certain cyber provisions. Sec. 1632. Affirming the authority of the Secretary of Defense to conduct military activities and operations in cyberspace. Sec. 1633. Department of Defense Cyber Scholarship Program scholarships and grants. Sec. 1634. Amendments to pilot program regarding cyber vulnerabilities of Department of Defense critical infrastructure. Sec. 1635. Modification of acquisition authority of the Commander of the United States Cyber Command. Sec. 1636. Policy of the United States on cyberspace, cybersecurity, cyber warfare, and cyber deterrence. Sec. 1637. Budget display for cyber vulnerability evaluations and mitigation activities for major weapon systems of the Department of Defense. Sec. 1638. Determination of responsibility for the Department of Defense Information Networks. Sec. 1639. Procedures and reporting requirement on cybersecurity breaches and loss of personally identifiable information and controlled unclassified information. Sec. 1640. Program to establish cyber institutes at institutions of higher learning. Sec. 1641. Matters pertaining to the SharkSeer cybersecurity program. Sec. 1642. Active defense against the Russian Federation, People’s Republic of China, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, and Islamic Republic of Iran attacks in cyberspace. Sec. 1643. Designation of official for matters relating to integrating cybersecurity and industrial control systems within the Department of Defense. Sec. 1644. Assistance for small manufacturers in the defense industrial supply chain and universities on matters relating to cybersecurity. Sec. 1645. Email and Internet website security and authentication. Sec. 1646. Security product integration framework. Sec. 1647. Information security continuous monitoring and cybersecurity scorecard. Sec. 1648. Tier 1 exercise of support to civil authorities for a cyber incident. Sec. 1649. Pilot program on modeling and simulation in support of military homeland defense operations in connection with cyber attacks on critical infrastructure. Sec. 1650. Pilot program authority to enhance cybersecurity and resiliency of critical infrastructure. Sec. 1651. Pilot program on regional cybersecurity training center for the Army National Guard. Sec. 1652. Cyberspace Solarium Commission. Sec. 1653. Study and report on reserve component cyber civil support teams. Sec. 1654. Identification of countries of concern regarding cybersecurity. Sec. 1655. Mitigation of risks to national security posed by providers of information technology products and services who have obligations to foreign governments. Sec. 1656. Report on Cybersecurity Apprentice Program. Sec. 1657. Report on enhancement of software security for critical systems. Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces Sec. 1661. Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the Nuclear Weapons Council. Sec. 1662. Longrange standoff weapon requirements. Sec. 1663. Acceleration of groundbased strategic deterrent program and long range standoff weapon program. Sec. 1664. Procurement authority for certain parts of intercontinental ballistic missile fuzes. Sec. 1665. Prohibition on reduction of the intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United States. Sec. 1666. Extension of prohibition on availability of funds for mobile variant of groundbased strategic deterrent missile. Sec. 1667. Exchange program for nuclear weapons program employees. Sec. 1668. Plan to train officers in nuclear command, control, and communications. Sec. 1669. Independent study on options to increase Presidential decisiontime regarding nuclear weapons employment. Sec. 1670. Extension of annual report on plan for the nuclear weapons stockpile, nuclear weapons complex, nuclear weapons delivery systems, and nuclear weapons command and control system. Sec. 1671. Plan for alignment of acquisition of warhead life extension programs and delivery vehicles for such warheads. Sec. 1672. Annual report on development of longrange standoff weapon. Sec. 1673. Sense of Congress on nuclear posture of the United States. Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs Sec. 1675. Development of persistent space based sensor architecture. Sec. 1676. Boost phase ballistic missile defense. Sec. 1677. Extension of requirement for reports on unfunded priorities of Missile Defense Agency. Sec. 1678. Extension of prohibition relating to missile defense information and systems. Sec. 1679. Modification of requirement relating to transition of ballistic missile defense programs to military departments. Sec. 1680. Modification of requirement to develop a spacebased ballistic missile intercept layer. Sec. 1681. Improvements to acquisition processes of Missile Defense Agency. Sec. 1682. Layered defense of the United States homeland. Sec. 1683. Testing of redesigned kill vehicle prior to production and ground based midcourse defense acceleration options. Sec. 1684. Requirements for ballistic missile defense capable ships. Sec. 1685. Multiyear procurement authority for standard missile–3 IB guided missiles. Sec. 1686. Limitation on availability of funds for Army lower tier air and missile defense sensor. Sec. 1687. Missile defense radar in Hawaii. Sec. 1688. Iron Dome shortrange rocket defense system and Israeli cooperative missile defense program codevelopment and coproduction. Sec. 1689. Acceleration of hypersonic missile defense program. Sec. 1690. Report on ballistic missile defense. Sec. 1691. Sense of Congress on allied partnerships for missile defense. Sec. 1692. Sense of Congress on testing by Missile Defense Agency. Subtitle F—Other Matters Sec. 1695. Extension of Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attacks and Similar Events. Sec. 1696. Procurement of ammonium perchlorate and other chemicals for use in solid rocket motors. Sec. 1697. Budget exhibit on support provided to entities outside Department of Defense. Sec. 1698. Conventional prompt global strike hypersonic capabilities. Sec. 1699. Report regarding industrial base for large solid rocket motors. Subtitle A—Space Activities SEC. 1601. IMPROVEMENTS TO ACQUISITION SYSTEM, PERSONNEL, AND ORGANIZATION OF SPACE FORCES. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT OF SUBORDINATE UNIFIED  COMMAND .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 6 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 169. Subordinate unified command of the United States Strategic Command ‘‘(a) ESTABLISHMENT .—With the advice and assistance of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, the President, through the Secretary of Defense, shall establish under the United States Strategic Command a subordinate unified command to be known as the United States Space Command (in this section referred to as ‘space command’) for carrying out joint space warfighting operations. ‘‘(b) ASSIGNMENT OF FORCES .—Unless otherwise directed by the Secretary of Defense, all active and reserve space warfighting operational 
forces of the armed forces shall be assigned to the space command. ‘‘(c) COMMANDER .—(1) The commander of the space command shall hold the grade of general or, in the case of an officer of the Navy, admiral while serving in that position, without vacating the permanent grade of the officer. The commander shall be appointed to that grade by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, for service in that position. The position shall be designated, pursuant to subsection (b) of section 526 of this title, as one of the general officer and flag officer positions to be excluded from the limitations in subsection (a) of such section. ‘‘(2) During the threeyear period following the date on which the space command is established, the commander of the Air Force Space Command may also serve as the commander of the space command so established. After such period, one individual may not concurrently serve as both such commanders. ‘‘(d) AUTHORITY OF COMMANDER .—(1) Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the commander of the United States Strategic Command, the commander of the space command shall be responsible for, and shall have the authority to conduct, all affairs of such command relating to joint space warfighting operations. ‘‘(2)(A) Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Deputy Secretary of Defense, the commander of the space command shall be responsible for, and shall have the authority to conduct, the following functions relating to joint space warfighting operations (whether or not relating to the space command): ‘‘(i) Developing strategy, doctrine, and tactics. ‘‘(ii) Preparing and submitting to the Secretary of Defense program recommendations and budget proposals for space operations forces and for other forces assigned to the space command. ‘‘(iii) Exercising authority, direction, and control over the expenditure of funds for forces assigned directly to the space command. ‘‘(iv) Training and certification of assigned joint forces. ‘‘(v) Conducting specialized courses of instruction for commissioned and noncommissioned officers. ‘‘(vi) Validating requirements. ‘‘(vii) Establishing priorities for requirements. ‘‘(viii) Ensuring the interoperability of equipment and forces. ‘‘(ix) Formulating and submitting requirements for intelligence support. ‘‘(x) Monitoring the promotion of space operation forces and coordinating with the military departments regarding the assignment, retention, training, professional military education, and special and incentive pays of space operation forces. ‘‘(B) The authority, direction, and control exercised by the Deputy Secretary of Defense for purposes of this paragraph is authority, direction, and control with respect to the administration and support of the space command, including readiness and organization of space operations forces, space operationspeculiar equipment and resources, and civilian personnel. ‘‘(C) Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as providing the Deputy Secretary of Defense authority, direction, and control of operational matters that are subject to the operational chain of command of the combatant commands or the exercise of authority, direction, and control of personnel, resources, equipment, and other matters that are not spaceoperations peculiar and that are in the purview of the armed forces. ‘‘(3) The commander of the space command shall be responsible for— ‘‘(A) ensuring the combat readiness of forces assigned to the space command; and ‘‘(B) monitoring the preparedness to carry out assigned missions of space forces assigned to unified combatant commands other than the United States Strategic Command. ‘‘(4) The staff of the commander shall include an inspector general who shall conduct internal audits and inspections of purchasing and contracting actions through the space command and such other inspector general functions as may be assigned. ‘‘(e) INTELLIGENCE AND SPECIAL ACTIVITIES .— This section does not constitute authority to conduct any activity which, if carried out as an intelligence activity by the Department of Defense, would require a notice to the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives under title V of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3091 et seq.).’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 167b the following new item: ‘‘169. Subordinate unified command of the United States Strategic Command’’. (3) BRIEFING .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall provide the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate a briefing on the need to develop additional recruitment measures or Reserve Officer Training Corps programs relating to space career fields. (b) PLAN FOR ACQUISITION SYSTEM .— (1) DEVELOPMENT .—The Deputy Secretary of Defense shall develop a plan to establish a separate, alternative acquisition system for defense space acquisitions, including with respect to procuring space vehicles, ground segments relating to such vehicles, and satellite terminals. (2) REQUIREMENTS PROCESS .—The plan developed under paragraph (1) shall include recommendations of the Deputy Secretary with respect to whether the separate, alternative acquisition system described in the plan should use the Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System process or instead use a new requirements process developed by the Deputy Secretary in a manner that ensures that requirements for a program are synchronized across the space vehicles, ground segments relating to such vehicles, and satellite terminals, of the program. (3) EXCEPTION .—The plan developed under paragraph (1) shall cover defense space acquisitions except with respect to the National Reconnaissance Office and other elements of the Department of Defense that are elements of the intelligence community (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)). (4) SUBMISSION .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Deputy Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the plan developed under paragraph (1). (c) PLAN FOR CADRE DEVELOPMENT .— (1) DEVELOPMENT .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall develop a plan to increase the number and improve the quality of the space cadre of the Air Force. (2) MATTERS INCLUDED .—The plan developed under paragraph (1) shall address the following: (A) Managing the career progression of members of the Armed Forces and civilian employees of the Department who form the space cadre of the Air Force throughout the military or civilian career of the member or the employee, as the case may be, including with respect to— (i) defining career professional milestones; (ii) pay and incentive structures; (iii) the management and oversight of the space cadre; (iv) training relating to planning and executing warfighting missions and operations in space; (v) conducting periodic cadrewide professional assessments to determine how the cadre is developing as a group; and (vi) establishing a centralized method to control personnel assignments and distribution. (B) The identification of future spacerelated career fields that the Secretary determines appropriate, including a space acquisition career field. (C) The identification of any overlap that exists among operations and acquisitions career fields to determine opportunities for crossfunctional career opportunities. (3) SUBMISSION .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the plan developed under paragraph (1). 
Section 2273a of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2273a. Space Rapid Capabilities Office ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—There is within the Air Force Space Command a program office known as the Space Rapid Capabilities Office (in this section referred to as the ‘Office’). The facilities of the Office may not be colocated with the headquarters facilities of the Air Force Space and Missile Systems Center. ‘‘(b) HEAD OF OFFICE .—The head of the Office shall be the designee of the Secretary of the Air Force. The head of the Office shall report to the Commander of the Air Force Space Command. ‘‘(c) MISSION .—The mission of the Office shall be— ‘‘(1) to contribute to the development of low cost, rapid reaction payloads, busses, launch, and launch control capabilities in order to fulfill joint military operational requirements for ondemand space support and reconstitution; ‘‘(2) to coordinate and execute space rapid capabilities efforts across the Department of Defense with respect to planning, acquisition, and operations; and ‘‘(3) to rapidly develop and field new classified space capabilities. ‘‘(d) ACQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The acquisition activities of the Office shall be subject to the following: ‘‘(1) The Secretary of the Air Force shall designate the acquisition executive of the Office who shall provide streamlined acquisition authorities for projects of the Office. ‘‘(2) The Joint Capabilities Integration and Development System process shall not apply to acquisitions by the Office. ‘‘(3) The Commander of the United States Strategic Command, acting through the United States Space Command, shall— ‘‘(A) establish and validate capability requirements; and ‘‘(B) recommend priorities as the Commander determines appropriate. ‘‘(e) REQUIRED PROGRAM ELEMENT .—(1) The Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure, within budget program elements for space programs, that— ‘‘(A) there are separate, dedicated unclassified and classified program elements for space rapid capabilities; and ‘‘(B) the Office executes the responsibilities of the Office through such program elements. ‘‘(2) The Office shall manage the program elements required by paragraph (1). ‘‘(f) BOARD OF DIRECTORS .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall establish for the Office a Board of Directors (to be known as the ‘Space Rapid Capabilities Board of Directors’) to provide coordination, oversight, and approval of projects of the Office.’’. 
(a) A SSURED ACCESS TO SPACE.—Section 2273 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘; and’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) the availability of rapid, responsive, and reliable space launches for national security space programs to— ‘‘(A) improve the responsiveness and flexibility of a national security space system; ‘‘(B) lower the costs of launching a national security space system; and 
‘‘(C) maintain risks of mission success at acceptable levels.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘and the Director of National Intelligence’’. (b) REUSABILITY OF LAUNCH VEHICLES .— (1) DESIGNATION .—Effective March 1, 2019, the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle program of the Department of Defense shall be known as the ‘‘National Security Space Launch program’’. Any reference in Federal law, regulations, guidance, instructions, or other documents of the Federal Government to the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle program shall be deemed to be a reference to the National Security Space Launch program. (2) REQUIREMENT .—In carrying out the National Security Space Launch program, the Secretary of Defense shall provide for consideration of both reusable and expendable launch vehicles with respect to any solicitation occurring on or after March 1, 2019, for which the use of a reusable launch vehicle is technically capable and maintains risk at acceptable levels. (3) NOTIFICATION OF SOLICITATIONS FOR NON  
REUSABLE LAUNCH VEHICLES .—Beginning March 1, 2019, if the Secretary proposes to issue a solicitation for a contract for space launch services for which the use of reusable launch vehicles is not eligible for the award of the contract, the Secretary shall notify in writing the appropriate congressional committees of such proposed solicitation, including justifications for such ineligibility, by not later than 10 days after issuing such solicitation. (c) RISK AND COSTIMPACT ANALYSIS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct a risk and cost impact analysis with respect to launch services that use reusable launch vehicles. Such analysis shall include— (A) an assessment of how the inspection and certification regime of the Air Force for previously flown launch vehicles will ensure increased responsiveness and operational flexibility while maintaining acceptable risk; and (B) an assessment of the anticipated cost savings to the Department of Defense realized by using a previously flown launch vehicle or components. (2) SUBMISSION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees the analysis conducted under paragraph (1). (d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 1604. PROVISION OF SPACE SITUATIONAL AWARENESS SERVICES AND INFORMATION. 
(a) R OLE OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—Sec tion 2274(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary of Defense may’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) Except as provided by paragraph (2), the Secretary of Defense may’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Beginning January 1, 2024, the Secretary may provide space situational awareness services and information to, and may obtain space situational awareness data and information from, nonUnited States Government entities under paragraph (1) only to the extent that the Secretary determines such actions are necessary to meet the national security interests of the United States.’’. (b) PLAN.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit to the appropriate congressional committees a plan for a department or agency of the United States Government other than the Department of Defense to provide space situational awareness services and information to nonUnited States Government entities. (2) MATTERS INCLUDED .—The plan under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the existing and planned staff, budgetary resources, and relevant institutional expertise of the department or agency covered by the plan with respect to providing space situational awareness services and information. (B) An assessment of the demonstrated ability of such department or agency to work collaboratively with industry and academia in developing best practices or consensus standards. (C) An assessment of the existing and planned capacity of such department or agency to facilitate communication between space object operators to avoid a collision. (D) The ability of such department or agency to use other transaction agreements or similar transaction mechanisms to support space traffic management requirements. (E) Any additional authorities that would be required to assume the responsibility described in paragraph (1). (c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. (3) The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate. 
SEC. 1605. BUDGET ASSESSMENTS FOR NATIONAL SECURITY SPACE PROGRAMS. 
Section 239(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) Not later than 30 days after the date on which the President submits to Congress the budget for each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the budget for national security space programs of the Department of Defense. The Secretary may include the report in the defense budget materials if the Secretary submits such materials to Congress by such date.’’. 
Section 1617 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1106; 51 U.S.C. 50918 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (B) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following new paragraph (2): ‘‘(2) STREAMLINING .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—With respect to any licensed activity under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may not impose any requirement on a licensee or transferee that is duplicative of, or overlaps in intent with, any requirement imposed by the Secretary of Transportation under that chapter. ‘‘(B) WAIVER .—The Secretary of the Air Force may waive the limitation under subparagraph (A) if— ‘‘(i) the Secretary determines that imposing a requirement described in that subparagraph is necessary to avoid negative consequences for the national security space program; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary notifies the Secretary of Transportation of such determination before making such waiver.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to limit the ability of the Secretary of Defense to consult with the Secretary of Transportation with respect to requirements and approvals under chapter 509 of title 51, United States Code.’’. SEC. 1607. SPACE WARFIGHTING POLICY, REVIEW OF SPACE CAPABILITIES, AND PLAN ON SPACE WARFIGHTING READINESS. 
(a) S PACE WARFIGHTING POLICY .—Not later than March 29, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall develop a space warfighting policy. (b) REVIEW OF SPACE CAPABILITIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct a review relating to the national security space enterprise that evaluates the following: (A) The resiliency of the national security space enterprise with respect to a conflict. (B) The ability of the national security space enterprise to attribute an attack on a space system in a timely manner. (C) The ability of the United States— (i) to resolve a conflict in space; and (ii) to determine the material means by which such conflict may be resolved. (D) Specific options for the national security space enterprise to provide the ability— (i) to defend against aggressive behavior in space at all levels of conflict; (ii) to defeat any adversary that demonstrates aggressive behavior in space at all levels of conflict; (iii) to deter aggressive behavior in space at all levels of conflict; and (iv) to develop a declassification strategy, if required to demonstrate deterrence. (E) The effectiveness and efficiency of the national security space enterprise to rapidly research, develop, acquire, and deploy space capabilities and capacities— (i) to deter and defend the national security space assets of the United States; and (ii) to respond to any new threat to such space assets. (F) The roles, responsibilities, and authorities of the Department of Defense with respect to space control activities. (G) Any emerging space threat the Secretary expects the United States to confront during the 10year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. (H) Such other matters as the Secretary considers appropriate. (2) REPORT .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than March 29, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the findings of the review under paragraph (1). (B) FORM.—The report under subparagraph (A) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (c) PLAN ON SPACE WARFIGHTING READINESS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than March 29, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall develop, and commence the implementation of, a plan that— (A) identifies joint missionessential tasks for space as a warfighting domain; (B) identifies any additional authorities, or delegated authorities, that would need to accompany the employment of forces to meet such missionessential tasks; (C) meets the readiness requirements for space warfighting, including with respect to equipment, training, and personnel, to meet such missionessential tasks; and (D) considers the contributions by allies and partners of the United States with respect to defense space capabilities to increase burden sharing across space systems, as appropriate. (2) BRIEFING .—Not later than March 29, 2019, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and to any other congressional defense committee upon request, a briefing describing the authorities identified under paragraph (1)(B) that the Secretary determines require legislative action. 
SEC. 1608. USE OF SMALL AND MEDIUMSIZE BUSES FOR STRATEGIC AND TACTICAL SATELLITE PAYLOADS. 
(a) B RIEFING ON RISKS, BENEFITS , ANDCOST SAVINGS .— 
(1) B RIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and to any other appropriate congressional committee upon request, a briefing on the risks, benefits, and cost savings with respect to using small and mediumsize buses for strategic and tactical satellite payloads for protected satellite communications programs and nextgeneration overhead persistent infrared systems. (2) MATTERS INCLUDED .—The briefing provided under paragraph (1) shall address the following: (A) Increasing component and subcomponent commonality for power regulation, solar arrays, battery technology, thermal control, and avionics. (B) The security of the supply chain, including a strategy to mitigate risk in such supply chain. (C) Requirements for radiation hardening of critical components. (b) ANALYSES OF ALTERNATIVES .— (1) CERTIFICATIONS .—Upon the completion of each analysis of alternatives of new space vehicles relating to a program described in paragraph (2), the Director for Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall certify to the appropriate congressional committees that the analysis— (A) includes materiel solutions for using small and mediumsize buses; and (B) considers the relevant operational benefits and potential cost savings of using small, medium, and largesize buses. (2) PROGRAMS DESCRIBED .—The programs described in this paragraph are the programs of the Department of Defense relating to any of the following: (A) Protected satellite communications. (B) Nextgeneration overhead persistent infrared systems. (C) Spacebased environmental monitoring. (c) BRIEFING ON ALTERNATIVE SPACEBASED  ARCHITECTURES .—Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Air Force, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff shall jointly provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and to any other appropriate congressional committee upon request, a briefing on alternative spacebased architectures for the programs described in subsection (b)(2) using small, medium, and largesize buses. (d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
SEC. 1609. ENHANCEMENT OF POSITIONING, NAVIGATION, AND TIMING CAPACITY. 
(a) C APABILITY FOR TRUSTED SIGNALS .— (1) REQUIREMENT .—Except as provided by paragraph (2), subject to appropriate mitigation efforts, the Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure that military Global Positioning System user equipment terminals have the capability to receive trusted signals from the Galileo satellites of the European Union and the QZSS satellites of Japan, beginning with increment 2 of the acquisition of such terminals. (2) WAIVER .—The Secretary of Defense may waive, on a casebycase basis, the requirement under paragraph (1) for military Global Positioning System user equipment terminals to have the capability described in such paragraph if the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees a report containing— (A) the rationale for why the Secretary could not integrate such capability beginning with increment 2 of the acquisition of such terminals; and (B) a plan, including a timeline, to incorporate such capability in future increments of such terminals. (3) LIMITATION ON DELEGATION .—The Sec retary of Defense may not delegate the authority under paragraph (2) to make a waiver below the Deputy Secretary of Defense. (b) CAPABILITY FOR OTHER SIGNALS .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall ensure that military Global Positioning System user equipment terminals having the capability to receive nonallied positioning, navigation, and timing signals, beginning with increment 2 of the acquisition of such terminals, if the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, determines that— (1) the benefits of receiving such signals outweigh the risks; or (2) such risks can be appropriately mitigated. (c) ENGAGEMENT .—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State shall jointly engage with relevant allies of the United States to— (1) enable military Global Positioning System user equipment terminals to receive the positioning, navigation, and timing signals of such allies; and (2) negotiate as appropriate other potential agreements relating to the enhancement of positioning, navigation, and timing. 
SEC. 1610. DESIGNATION OF COMPONENT OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RESPONSIBLE FOR COORDINATION OF MODERNIZATION EFFORTS RELATING TO MILITARYCODE CAPABLE GPS RECEIVER CARDS. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments and the heads of Defense Agencies the Secretary determines appropriate, shall designate a component of the Office of the Secretary of Defense to be responsible for coordinating common solutions for the Mcode modernization efforts among the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other appropriate elements of the Department of Defense. (b) ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .—The roles and responsibilities of the component selected under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Identify the elements of the Department of Defense and the programs of the Department that require Mcode capable receiver cards and determine— (A) the number of total receiver cards required by the Department, including the number required for each such element and program and the military departments; (B) the timeline, by fiscal year, for each program of the Department conducting Mcode modernization efforts; and (C) the projected cost for each such program. (2) Systematically collect integration test data, lessons learned, and design solutions, and share such information with other elements of the Department. (3) Identify ways the Department can prevent duplication in conducting Mcode modernization efforts, and identify, to the extent practicable, potential cost savings that could be realized by addressing such duplication. (4) Coordinate the integration, testing, and procurement of Mcode capable receiver cards to ensure that the Department maximizes the buying power of the Department, reduces duplication, and saves resources, where possible. (c) SUPPORT .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure the military departments, the Defense Agencies, and other elements of the Department of Defense provide the component selected under subsection (a) with the appropriate support and resources needed to perform the roles and responsibilities under subsection (b). (d) REPORTS .—Not later than March 15, 2019, and annually thereafter through 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the congressional defense committees a report on Mcode modernization efforts. Each report shall include, with respect to the period covered by the report, the following: (1) The projected cost and schedule, by fiscal year, for the Department to acquire Mcode capable receiver cards. (2) The programs of the Department conducting Mcode modernization efforts. (3) The number of Mcode capable receiver cards procured by the Department, the number of such receiver cards yet to be procured, and the percentage of the Mcode modernization efforts completed by each program identified under paragraph (2). (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘Mcode capable receiver card’’ means a Global Positioning System receiver card that is capable of receiving military code that provides enhanced positioning, navigation, and timing capabilities and improved resistance to existing and emerging threats, such as jamming. (2) The term ‘‘Mcode modernization efforts’’ means the development, integration, testing, and procurement programs of the Department of Defense relating to developing Mcode capable receiver cards. 
SEC. 1611. DESIGNATION OF COMPONENT OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE RESPONSIBLE FOR COORDINATION OF HOSTED PAYLOAD INFORMATION. 
Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of the Air Force, and other Secretaries of the military departments and the heads of Defense Agencies the Secretary determines appropriate, shall designate a component of the Department of Defense or a military department to be responsible for coordinating information, processes, and lessons learned relating to using commercially hosted payloads across the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other appropriate elements of the Department of Defense. The functions of such designated component shall include, at a minimum, the following: (1) Systematically collecting information from past and planned hosted payload arrangements to inform future acquisition planning and space system architecture design, including integration test data, lessons learned, and design solutions. (2) Creating a centralized database for cost, technical data, and lessons learned on commercially hosted payloads and sharing such information with other elements of the Department. 
SEC. 1612. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR JOINT SPACE OPERATIONS CENTER MISSION SYSTEM. 
(a) JMS.—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Joint Space Operations Center mission system, not more than 50 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force makes the certification under subsection (c). (b) ESBMC2.—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for service and management applications of the enterprise space battle management command and control, not more than 75 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary of the Air Force makes the certification under subsection (c). (c) CERTIFICATION .—The Secretary of the Air Force, without delegation, shall certify to the congressional defense committees that the Secretary has entered into a contract to operationalize existing, proven, bestinbreed commercial space situational awareness processing software to address warfighter requirements and fill gaps in current space situational capabilities. 
SEC. 1613. EVALUATION AND ENHANCED SECURITY OF SUPPLY CHAIN FOR PROTECTED SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS PROGRAMS AND OVERHEAD PERSISTENT INFRARED SYSTEMS. 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2020, and in accordance with the plan under paragraph (2)(A), the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall conduct evaluations of the supply chain vulnerabilities of each covered program. (2) PLAN.— (A) DEVELOPMENT .—The Secretary shall develop a plan to carry out the evaluations under paragraph (1), including with respect to the personnel and resources required to carry out such evaluations. (B) BRIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and to any other appropriate congressional committee upon request, a briefing on the plan under subparagraph (A). (3) WAIVER .—The Secretary may waive, on a casebycase basis with respect to a covered program, either the requirement to conduct an evaluation under paragraph (1) or the deadline specified in such paragraph if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees before such date that all known supply chain vulnerabilities of such covered program have minimal consequences for the capability of such covered program to meet operational requirements or otherwise satisfy mission requirements. (4) RISK MITIGATION STRATEGIES .—In carrying out an evaluation under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall develop— (A) strategies for mitigating the risks of supply chain vulnerabilities identified in the course of such evaluation; and (B) cost estimates for such strategies. (b) PRIORITIZATION OF CERTAIN SUPPLY CHAIN RISKMANAGEMENT EFFORTS .— (1) INSTRUCTIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall issue a Department of Defense Instruction, or update such an Instruction, establishing the prioritization of supply chain risk management programs, including supply chain risk management threat assessment reporting, to ensure that acquisition and sustainment programs relating to covered programs receive priority of such supply chain risk management programs and reporting. (2) REQUIREMENTS .— (A) ESTABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish requirements to carry out supply chain risk management threat assessment collections and analyses under acquisition and sustainment programs relating to covered programs. (B) BRIEFING .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and to any other appropriate congressional committee upon request, a briefing on the requirements established under subparagraph (A). (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (A) The congressional defense committees. (B) The Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘covered programs’’ means programs of the Department of Defense relating to any of the following: (A) Protected satellite communications. (B) Nextgeneration overhead persistent infrared systems. 
Not later than December 31, 2018, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on how each of the following programs will meet the requirements for resilience, mission assurance, and the nuclear command, control, and communication missions of the Department of Defense: (1) The evolved strategic satellite program. (2) The protected tactical service program. (3) The protected tactical enterprise service program. SEC. 1615. REPORT ON ENHANCEMENTS TO THE GLOBAL POSITIONING SYSTEM OPERATIONAL CONTROL SEGMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that identifies whether the current Global Positioning System Operational Control Segment (in this section referred to as ‘‘OCS’’) can be incrementally improved to achieve capabilities similar to the Next Generation Operational Control Segment (in this section referred to as ‘‘OCX’’) used to operate the Global Positioning System III. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following elements: (1) A cybersecurity review of both OCS and OCX to determine the specific cybersecurity improvements needed to operate the system through 2030, including— (A) the cybersecurity improvements to OCS needed to match the cybersecurity capabilities that OCX is intended to provide; (B) any additional OCS cybersecurity protections needed beyond those OCX is intended to provide; and (C) any additional OCX cybersecurity protections needed beyond those for which OCX is currently contracted. (2) An incremental development plan for OCS, including— (A) the number of additional incremental upgrades needed to achieve capabilities similar to OCX, including a discussion of— (i) any additional capabilities needed; (ii) the specific capabilities in each upgrade; (iii) the duration of each upgrade; and (iv) a full schedule to complete all upgrades; (B) the estimated cost for each incremental OCS upgrade; and (C) the total estimated cost across fiscal years for all OCS upgrades to achieve capabilities similar to OCX and any additional capabilities. (3) The date by which the Department of Defense would have to begin contracting for each incremental OCS upgrade to ensure availability of OCS for the Global Positioning System III. (4) A comparison of current improvements to OCS that are underway, and additional OCS incremental improvements described under paragraph (2), to the program of record OCX capabilities, including— (A) the acquisition and sustainment cost by fiscal year through fiscal year 2030 for OCS and OCX; (B) a comparison schedule between OCS (including incremental improvements described under paragraph (2)) and OCX that identifies the delivery dates and capability delivered; and (C) the cost and schedule required to provide OCX with any additional needed capabilities that are now required and not currently in the program of record. 
SEC. 1616. REPORT ON PERSISTENT WEATHER IMAGERY FOR UNITED STATES CENTRAL COMMAND. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of the Air Force shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on options to provide the United States Central Command with persistent weather imagery for the area of operations of the Command beginning not later than January 1, 2026. (b) MATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A description of longterm options for providing the United States Central Command with persistent weather imagery for the area of operations of the Command that— (A) do not rely on data provided by a foreign government; and (B) do not include relocating legacy geostationary operational environmental satellites. (2) A description of the costs required to carry out each option included in the report. SEC. 1617. STUDY ON SPACEBASED RADIO FREQUENCY MAPPING. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence shall jointly conduct a study on the capabilities of the private sector with respect to spacebased radio frequency mapping and associated operations and services for spacebased electromagnetic collections. Such study shall address the following: (1) The nearterm commercial market offerings of such operations and services in the United States and outside the United States. (2) The potential national security benefits to the United States provided by such operations and services. (3) The potential national security risks to the United States posed by such operations and services. (4) The sufficiency of existing legal authorities available to the Secretary and the Director to address such potential risks. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Director shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate a report containing the study under subsection (a). 
(a) I NDEPENDENT STUDY .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct a study on space launch locations, including with respect to the development and capacity of existing and new locations. The study shall, at a minimum— (1) identify how additional locations affect the capability of the Department of Defense to rapidly reconstitute and improve resilience for defense satellite system launches; (2) identify the capacities of current and new space launch locations, in light of the rapid increase in using commercial space services to support national security space missions and military requirements; (3) identify partnerships within State governmentowned and operated spaceports that should be developed to increase launch capacities and enhance the space resiliency of the United States; (4) provide recommendations on strategic placement for future space launch sites; and (5) identify costs associated with additional locations and whether such costs should be borne by the Department of Defense, State governments, or private entities. (b) SUBMISSION TO DOD.—Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the federally funded research and development center shall submit to the Secretary a report containing the study conducted under subsection (a). (c) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees the report under subsection (a), without change. (d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives. (3) The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. 
(a) B RIEFING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, shall jointly provide the Committees on Armed Services of the 
House of Representatives and the Senate, and to any other appropriate congressional committee upon request, a briefing detailing the costs, risks, and operational benefits of leveraging commercial satellite servicing capabilities for national security satellite systems. (b) ELEMENTS .—The briefing under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A prioritized list, with rationale, of operational and planned assets of the Department of Defense that could be enhanced by satellite servicing missions. (2) The costs, risks, and benefits of integrating satellite servicing capabilities as a part of operational resilience. (3) Potential strategies that could allow future national security space systems to leverage commercial onorbit servicing capabilities where appropriate and feasible. (c) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committee’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; (2) the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; and (3) the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. Subtitle B—Defense Intelligence and IntelligenceRelated Activities 
SEC. 1621. ROLE OF UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR INTELLIGENCE. 
Subsection (b) of section 137 of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) Subject to the authority, direction, and control of the Secretary of Defense, the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence shall— ‘‘(1) have responsibility for the overall direction and supervision for policy, program planning and execution, and use of resources, for the activities of the Department of Defense that are part of the Military Intelligence Program; ‘‘(2) execute the functions for the National Intelligence Program of the Department of Defense under section 105 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3038), as delegated by the Secretary of Defense; ‘‘(3) have responsibility for the overall direction and supervision for policy, program planning and execution, and use of resources, for personnel security, physical security, industrial security, and the protection of classified information and controlled unclassified information, related activities of the Department of Defense; and ‘‘(4) perform such duties and exercise such powers as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe in the area of intelligence.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 80 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 1564a the following new section: ‘‘§ 1564b. Security vetting for foreign nationals ‘‘(a) STANDARDS AND PROCESS .—(1) The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Security Executive Agent established pursuant to Executive Order 13467 (73 Fed. Reg. 38103; 50 U.S.C. 3161 note), shall develop uniform and consistent standards and a centralized process for the screening and vetting of covered foreign individuals requiring access to systems, facilities, personnel, information, or operations, of the Department of Defense, including with respect to the background investigations of covered foreign individuals requiring access to classified information. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall ensure that the standards developed under paragraph (1) are consistent with relevant directives of the Security Executive Agent. ‘‘(3) The Secretary shall designate an official of the Department of Defense to be responsible for executing the centralized process developed under paragraph (1) and adjudicating any information discovered pursuant to such process. ‘‘(b) OTHER USES.—In addition to using the centralized process developed under subsection (a)(1) for covered foreign individuals, the Secretary may use the centralized process in determining whether to grant a security clearance to any individual with significant foreign influence or foreign preference issues, in accordance with the adjudicative guidelines under part 147 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations, or such successor regulation. ‘‘(c) COVERED FOREIGN INDIVIDUAL DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘covered foreign individual’ means an individual who meets the following criteria: ‘‘(1) The individual is— ‘‘(A) a national of a foreign state; ‘‘(B) a national of the United States (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101)) and also a national of a foreign state; or ‘‘(C) an alien who is lawfully admitted for permanent residence (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101)). ‘‘(2) The individual is either— ‘‘(A) a civilian employee of the Department of Defense or a contractor of the Department; or ‘‘(B) a member of the armed forces.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 1564a the following new item: ‘‘1564b. Security vetting for foreign nationals.’’. (c) BRIEFING .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and to any other appropriate congressional committee upon request, a briefing on— (A) the process developed under paragraph (1) of section 1564b(a) of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a); and (B) the official designated under paragraph (3) of such section 1564b(a). (2) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (A) The Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate. (B) The Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. 
(a) A DDITION OF DUALNATIONALS .—Sub section (b) of section 1564a of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(b) PERSONS COVERED .—Except as provided in subsection (d), the following persons are subject to this section: ‘‘(1) With respect to persons whose duties are described in subsection (c)— ‘‘(A) military and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense; ‘‘(B) personnel of defense contractors; ‘‘(C) persons assigned or detailed to the Department of Defense; and ‘‘(D) applicants for a position in the Department of Defense. ‘‘(2) A person who is— ‘‘(A) a national of the United States (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101)) and also a national of a foreign state; and ‘‘(B) either— ‘‘(i) a civilian employee or contractor who requires access to classified information; or ‘‘(ii) a member of the armed forces who requires access to classified information.’’. (b) STANDARDS FOR DUALNATIONALS .—Sub section (e)(2) of such section is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) With respect to persons described in subsection (b)(2), to assist in assessing any counterintelligence threats identified in an authorized investigation of foreign preference or foreign influence risks, as described in part 147 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations, or such successor regulations.’’. (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Such section is further amended— (1) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘in subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘in subsection (b)(1)’’; and (2) in subsection (e)(2)(A), by striking ‘‘in subsections (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘in subsections (b)(1)’’. (d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in section 1564a of title 10, United States Code, as amended by this section, shall be construed to prohibit the granting of a security clearance to persons described in subsection (b)(2) of such section absent information relevant to the adjudication process, as described in part 147 of title 32, Code of Federal Regulations, or such successor regulations. 
(a) S TANDARDIZED BUSINESS PROCESS  RULES.— (1) DEVELOPMENT .—Not later than October 1, 2020, the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) and the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence, shall develop and implement standardized business process rules for the planning, programming, budgeting, and execution process for the Military Intelligence Program. (2) TREATMENT OF DATA .—The Chief Management Officer shall develop the standardized business process rules under paragraph (1) in accordance with section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1519; 10 U.S.C. 2222 note) and section 2222(e)(6) of title 10, United States Code. (3) USE OF EXISTING SYSTEMS .—In developing the standardized business process rules under paragraph (1), to the extent practicable, the Chief Management Officer shall use enterprise business systems of the Department of Defense in existence as of the date of the enactment of this Act. (4) REPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), and the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing a plan to develop the standardized business process rules under paragraph (1). (5) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (A) The congressional defense committees. (B) The Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. (b) PROGRAM ELEMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 9 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new section: ‘‘§ 239b. Certain intelligencerelated programs: budget justification materials ‘‘(a) PROHIBITION ON USE OF PROGRAM ELEMENTS .—In the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the Department of Defense budget for fiscal year 2021 and each fiscal year thereafter (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31), the Secretary of Defense may not include in any single program element both funds made available under the Military Intelligence Program and funds made available outside of the Military Intelligence Program. ‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘budget’ has the meaning given that term in section 231(f) of this title. ‘‘(2) The term ‘defense budget materials’ has the meaning given that term in section 231(f) of this title.’’. 
(2) C LERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 239a the following new item: ‘‘239b. Certain intelligencerelated programs: budget justification materials.’’. 
SEC. 1625. MODIFICATION TO ANNUAL BRIEFING ON THE INTELLIGENCE, SURVEILLANCE, AND RECONNAISSANCE REQUIREMENTS OF THE COMBATANT COMMANDS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1626 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3635), as amended by section 1624 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1732), is further amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2025’’; and (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (B) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) for the year preceding the year in which the briefing is provided— ‘‘(i) the number of hours or amount of capacity of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance requested by each commander of a combatant command, by specific intelligence capability type; ‘‘(ii) the number of such requests identified under clause (i) that the Joint Chiefs of Staff determined to be a validated requirement, including the number of hours or amount of capacity of such requests that were provided to each such commander; and ‘‘(iii) with respect to such validated requirements, the number of hours or amount of capacity of intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance, by specific intelligence capability type, that the Joint Chiefs of Staff requested each military department to provide, and the number of such hours or the amount of such capacity so provided by each such military department; and’’. (b) CODIFICATION .—Such section 1626, as amended by subsection (a), is— (1) transferred to chapter 21 of title 10, United States Code; and (2) redesignated as subsection (c) of section 426 of such title. 
SEC. 1626. FRAMEWORK ON GOVERNANCE, MISSION MANAGEMENT, RESOURCING, AND EFFECTIVE OVERSIGHT OF COMBAT SUPPORT AGENCIES THAT ARE ALSO ELEMENTS OF THE INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY. 
(a) F RAMEWORK REQUIRED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In accordance with section 105 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3038), section 193 of title 10, United States Code, and section 1018 of the National Security Intelligence Reform Act of 2004 (Public Law 108– 458; 50 U.S.C. 3023 note), the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, shall develop and establish in policy a framework and supporting processes within the Department of Defense to help ensure that the missions, roles, and functions of the combat support agencies of the Department of Defense that are also elements of the intelligence community, and other intelligence components of the Department, are appropriately balanced and resourced. (2) SCOPE.—The framework shall include a consistent, repeatable process for the evaluation of proposed additions, transfers, or eliminations of a mission, role, or functions and associated resource profiles of the elements described in paragraph (1) for purposes of preventing imbalances in priorities, insufficient or misaligned resources, and the unauthorized expansion of mission parameters. (b) ELEMENTS .—The framework required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A lexicon of relevant terms used by the Department of Defense and the Office of the Director of National Intelligence that— (A) ensures consistent definitions are used in determinations about the balance described in subsection (a)(1); and (B) reconciles jointly used definitions. (2) A reevaluation of the intelligence components of the Department, including the Joint Intelligence Centers and Joint Intelligence Operations Centers within the combatant commands, in order to determine which components should be formally designated as part of the intelligence community and any components not so designated conform to relevant tradecraft standards. (3) A repeatable process of the Department for evaluating the addition, transfer, or elimination of defense intelligence missions, roles, and functions, currently or to be performed by elements described in subsection (a)(1) that includes— (A) a justification for any proposed addition, transfer, or elimination of a mission, role, or function; (B) the identification of the elements in the Federal Government, if any, that currently perform the mission, role, or function concerned; (C) for any proposed addition of a mission, role, or function, an assessment of the most appropriate element of the Department to assume it, taking into account current resource profiles, scope of existing responsibilities, primary customers, and infrastructure necessary to support the addition; and (D) for any proposed addition or transfer of a mission, role, or function— (i) a determination of the appropriate resource profile for such mission, role, or function; and (ii) the identification, in writing, for the Department elements concerned of the resources anticipated to be needed and source of such resources during the period covered by the future years defense program submitted to Congress under section 221 of title 10, United States Code, as in effect at the time of the proposed addition or transfer. (c) BRIEFING .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Director, shall provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and to any other appropriate congressional committee upon request, a briefing on the framework required by subsection (a). (d) POLICY .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in coordination with the Director, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report setting forth the policy establishing the framework required by subsection (a). (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) The term ‘‘combat support agency’’ has the meaning given that term in section 193 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The term ‘‘intelligence community’’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). Subtitle C—CyberspaceRelated Matters 
SEC. 1631. REORGANIZATION AND CONSOLIDATION OF CERTAIN CYBER PROVISIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part I of subtitle A of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by transferring sections 130g, 130j, and 130k to chapter 19 of such part to appear after section 393 of such chapter; and (2) by redesignating such sections 130g, 130j, and 130k, as transferred by paragraph (1), as sections 394, 395, and 396, respectively. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 108(m) of the Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1507(m)) is amended by striking ‘‘under section 130g’’ and inserting ‘‘under section 394’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .—(1) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 3 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the items relating to sections 130g, 130j, and 130k. (2) The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 19 of such title is amended by adding at the end the following new items: ‘‘394. Authorities concerning military cyber operations. ‘‘395. Notification requirements for sensitive military cyber operations. ‘‘396. Notification requirements for cyber weapons.’’. 
SEC. 1632. AFFIRMING THE AUTHORITY OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE TO CONDUCT MILITARY ACTIVITIES AND OPERATIONS IN CYBERSPACE. 
Section 394 of title 10, United States Code (as transferred and redesignated pursuant to section 1631), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (2) in subsection (a), as designated by paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘conduct, a military cyber operation in response’’ and inserting ‘‘conduct, military cyber activities or operations in cyberspace, including clandestine military activities or operations in cyberspace, to defend the United States and its allies, including in response’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘(as such terms are defined in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801))’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(b) AFFIRMATION OF AUTHORITY .—Congress affirms that the activities or operations referred to in subsection (a), when appropriately authorized, include the conduct of military activities or operations in cyberspace short of hostilities (as such term is used in the War Powers Resolution (Public Law 93–148; 50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.)) or in areas in which hostilities are not occurring, including for the purpose of preparation of the environment, information operations, force protection, and deterrence of hostilities, or counterterrorism operations involving the Armed Forces of the United States. ‘‘(c) CLANDESTINE ACTIVITIES OR OPERATIONS .—A clandestine military activity or operation in cyberspace shall be considered a traditional military activity for the purposes of section 503(e)(2) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093(e)(2)). ‘‘(d) CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT .—The Sec retary shall brief the congressional defense committees about any military activities or operations in cyberspace, including clandestine military activities or operations in cyberspace, occurring during the previous quarter during the quarterly briefing required by section 484 of this title. ‘‘(e) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authority of the Secretary to conduct military activities or operations in cyberspace, including clandestine military activities or operations in cyberspace, to authorize specific military activities or operations, or to alter or otherwise affect the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note), or reporting of sensitive military cyber activities or operations required by section 395 of this title. ‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘clandestine military activity or operation in cyberspace’ means a military activity or military operation carried out in cyberspace, or associated preparatory actions, authorized by the President or the Secretary that— ‘‘(A) is marked by, held in, or conducted with secrecy, where the intent is that the activity or operation will not be apparent or acknowledged publicly; and 
‘‘(B) is to be carried out— ‘‘(i) as part of a military operation plan approved by the President or the Secretary in anticipation of hostilities or as directed by the President or the Secretary; ‘‘(ii) to deter, safeguard, or defend against attacks or malicious cyber activities against the United States or Department of Defense information, networks, systems, installations, facilities, or other assets; or ‘‘(iii) in support of information related capabilities. ‘‘(2) The term ‘foreign power’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). ‘‘(3) The term ‘United States person’ has the meaning given such term in such section.’’. 
SEC. 1633. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CYBER SCHOLARSHIP PROGRAM SCHOLARSHIPS AND GRANTS. 
(a) A DDITIONAL CONSIDERATIONS .—Section 2200c of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting before ‘‘In the selection’’ the following: ‘‘(a) CENTERS OF ACADEMIC EXCELLENCE IN  CYBER EDUCATION .—’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) CERTAIN INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—In the selection of a recipient for the award of a scholarship or grant under this chapter, consideration shall be given to whether— ‘‘(1) in the case of a scholarship, the institution of higher education at which the recipient pursues a degree is an institution described in section 371(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1067q(a)); and ‘‘(2) in the case of a grant, the recipient is an institution described in such section.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) SECTION HEADING .—The heading of section 2200c of title 10, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 2200c. Special considerations in awarding scholarships and grants’’. (2) TABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 112 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 2200c and inserting the following new item: ‘‘2200c. Special considerations in awarding scholarships and grants.’’. 
SEC. 1634. AMENDMENTS TO PILOT PROGRAM REGARDING CYBER VULNERABILITIES OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE. 
Subsection (b) of section 1650 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and the Defense Digital Service’’ after ‘‘covered research laboratory’’; (2) in paragraph (4), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’; and (3) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 1635. MODIFICATION OF ACQUISITION AUTHORITY OF THE COMMANDER OF THE UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON USE OF  CYBER OPERATIONS PROCUREMENT FUND.—Sub section (e) of section 807 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note) is amended by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2025’’. (b) EXTENSION ON SUNSET .—Subsection (i)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. SEC. 1636. POLICY OF THE UNITED STATES ON CYBERSPACE, CYBERSECURITY, CYBER WARFARE, AND CYBER DETERRENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—It shall be the policy of the United States, with respect to matters pertaining to cyberspace, cybersecurity, and cyber warfare, that the United States should employ all instruments of national power, including the use of offensive cyber capabilities, to deter if possible, and respond to when necessary, all cyber attacks or other malicious cyber activities of foreign powers that target United States interests with the intent to— (1) cause casualties among United States persons or persons of United States allies; (2) significantly disrupt the normal functioning of United States democratic society or government (including attacks against critical infrastructure that could damage systems used to provide key services to the public or government); (3) threaten the command and control of the Armed Forces, the freedom of maneuver of the Armed Forces, or the industrial base or other infrastructure on which the United States Armed Forces rely to defend United States interests and commitments; or (4) achieve an effect, whether individually or in aggregate, comparable to an armed attack or imperil a vital interest of the United States. (b) RESPONSE OPTIONS .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a), the United States shall plan, develop, and, when appropriate, demonstrate response options to address the full range of potential cyber attacks on United States interests that could be conducted by potential adversaries of the United States. (c) DENIAL OPTIONS .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a) through response options developed pursuant to subsection (b), the United States shall, to the greatest extent practicable, prioritize the defensibility and resiliency against cyber attacks and malicious cyber activities described in subsection (a) of infrastructure critical to the political integrity, economic security, and national security of the United States. (d) COSTIMPOSITION OPTIONS .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a) through response options developed pursuant to subsection (b), the United States shall develop and, when appropriate, demonstrate, or otherwise make known to adversaries the existence of, cyber capabilities to impose costs on any foreign power targeting the United States or United States persons with a cyber attack or malicious cyber activity described in subsection (a). (e) MULTIPRONG RESPONSE .—In carrying out the policy set forth in subsection (a) through response options developed pursuant to subsection (b), the United States shall leverage all instruments of national power. (f) UPDATE ON PRESIDENTIAL POLICY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall transmit, in unclassified and classified forms, as appropriate, to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing an update to the report provided to the Congress on the policy of the United States on cyberspace, cybersecurity, and cyber warfare pursuant to section 1633 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 130g note). (2) CONTENTS .—The report required under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An assessment of the current posture in cyberspace, including assessments of— (i) whether past responses to major cyber attacks have had the desired deterrent effect; and (ii) how adversaries have responded to past United States responses. (B) Updates on the Administration’s efforts in the development of— (i) cost imposition strategies; (ii) varying levels of cyber incursion and steps taken to date to prepare for the imposition of the consequences referred to in clause (i); and (iii) the Cyber Deterrence Initiative. (C) Information relating to the Administration’s plans, including specific planned actions, regulations, and legislative action required, for— (i) advancing technologies in attribution, inherently secure technology, and artificial intelligence societywide; (ii) improving cybersecurity in and cooperation with the private sector; (iii) improving international cybersecurity cooperation; and (iv) implementing the policy referred to in paragraph (1), including any realignment of government or government responsibilities required, writ large. (f) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to limit the authority of the President or Congress to authorize the use of military force. (g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives; (C) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; (D) the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives; and (E) the Committee on Foreign Relations; the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs; and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate. (2) FOREIGN POWER .—The term ‘‘foreign power’’ has the meaning given such term in section 101 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1801). 
SEC. 1637. BUDGET DISPLAY FOR CYBER VULNERABILITY EVALUATIONS AND MITIGATION ACTIVITIES FOR MAJOR WEAPON SYSTEMS OF THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) B UDGET REQUIRED .—Beginning in fiscal year 2021 and in each fiscal year thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress, as a part of the documentation that supports the President’s annual budget for the Department of Defense, a consolidated Cyber Vulnerability Evaluation and Mitigation budget justification display for each major weapons system of the Department of Defense that includes the following: (1) CYBER VULNERABILITY EVALUATIONS .— (A) STATUS .—Whether, in accordance with paragraph (1) of section 1647(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1118), the cyber vulnerability evaluation for each such major weapon system is pending, in progress, complete, or, pursuant to paragraph (2) of such section, waived. (B) FUNDING .—The funding required for the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and for at least the four succeeding fiscal years required to complete the pending or in progress cyber vulnerability evaluation of each such major weapon system. (C) DESCRIPTION .—A description of the activities planned in the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years to complete the required evaluation for each such major weapon system. (D) RISK ANALYSIS .—A description of operational or security risks associated with cyber vulnerabilities identified as a result of such cyber vulnerability evaluations that require mitigation. (2) MITIGATION ACTIVITIES .— (A) STATUS .—Whether activities to address identified cyber vulnerabilities of such major weapon systems resulting in operational or security risks requiring mitigation are pending, in progress, or complete. 
(B) F UNDING .—The funding required for the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and for at least the four succeeding fiscal years required to complete the pending or in progress mitigation activities referred to in subparagraph (A) related to such major weapon systems. (C) DESCRIPTION .—A description of the activities planned in the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years to complete any necessary mitigation. (b) FORM.—The display required under subsection (a) should, to the extent practicable, be submitted in an unclassified form, and shall include a classified annex as required. 
SEC. 1638. DETERMINATION OF RESPONSIBILITY FOR THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INFORMATION NETWORKS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing a determination regarding the roles, missions, and responsibilities of the Commander, Joint Force Headquarters–Department of Defense Information Networks (JFHQ–DODIN) of the Defense Information Support Agency. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the current JFHQ DODIN command and control structure, adequacy of the Defense Information Support Agency’s institutional support for the JFHQ DODIN mission, resource requirements, and mission effectiveness. (2)(A) A determination and justification regarding— (i) a transfer to the Commander, United States Cyber Command, from the JFHQDODIN of some or all roles, missions, and responsibilities of the JFHQDODIN; or (ii) retention in the JFHQDODIN of such roles, missions, and responsibilities. (B) If a determination under subparagraph (A)(i) is made in the affirmative regarding a transfer to the Commander, United States Cyber Command, from the JFHQDODIN of some or all roles, missions, and responsibilities of the JFHQ DODIN, such report shall include the following: (i) An identification of roles, missions, and responsibilities to be transferred. (ii) A timeline for any such transfers. (iii) A strategy for mitigating risk and ensuring no mission degradation. 
SEC. 1639. PROCEDURES AND REPORTING REQUIREMENT ON CYBERSECURITY BREACHES AND LOSS OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMATION AND CONTROLLED UNCLASSIFIED INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In the event of a significant loss of personally identifiable information of civilian or uniformed members of the Armed Forces, or a significant loss of controlled unclassified information by a cleared defense contractor, the Secretary of Defense shall promptly submit to the congressional defense committees notice in writing of such loss. Such notice may be submitted in classified or unclassified formats. (b) PROCEDURES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall establish and submit to the congressional defense committees procedures for complying with the requirement of subsection (a). Such procedures shall be consistent with the national security of the United States, the protection of operational integrity, the protection of personally identifiable information of civilian and uniformed members of the Armed Forces, and the protection of controlled unclassified information. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) SIGNIFICANT LOSS OF CONTROLLED UNCLAS SIFIED INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘significant loss of controlled unclassified information’’ means an intentional, accidental, or otherwise known theft, loss, or disclosure of Department of Defense programmatic or technical controlled unclassified information the loss of which would have significant impact or consequence to a program or mission of the Department of Defense, or the loss of which is of substantial volume. (2) SIGNIFICANT LOSS OF PERSONALLY IDENTIFI ABLE INFORMATION .—The term ‘‘significant loss of personally identifiable information’’ means an intentional, accidental, or otherwise known disclosure of information that can be used to distinguish or trace an individual’s identity, such as the name, Social Security number, date and place of birth, biometric records, home or other phone numbers, or other demographic, personnel, medical, or financial information, involving 250 or more civilian or uniformed members of the Armed Forces. 
SEC. 1640. PROGRAM TO ESTABLISH CYBER INSTITUTES AT INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER LEARNING. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of Defense may carry out a program to establish a Cyber Institute at institutions of higher learning selected under subsection (b) for purposes of accelerating and focusing the development of foundational expertise in critical cyber operational skills for future military and civilian leaders of the Armed Forces and the Department of Defense, including such leaders of the reserve components. (b) SELECTED INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER LEARNING.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall select institutions of higher learning for purposes of the program established under subsection (a) from among institutions of higher learning that have a Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program. (2) CONSIDERATION OF SENIOR MILITARY COL LEGES .—In selecting institutions of higher learning under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consider the senior military colleges with Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs. (c) ELEMENTS .—Each institute established under the program authorized by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Programs to provide future military and civilian leaders of the Armed Forces or the Department of Defense who possess cyber operational expertise from beginning through advanced skill levels. Such programs shall include instruction and practical experiences that lead to recognized certifications and degrees in the cyber field. (2) Programs of targeted strategic foreign language proficiency training for such future leaders that— (A) are designed to significantly enhance critical cyber operational capabilities; and (B) are tailored to current and anticipated readiness requirements. (3) Programs related to mathematical foundations of cryptography and courses in cryptographic theory and practice designed to complement and reinforce cyber education along with the strategic language programs critical to cyber operations. (4) Programs related to data science and courses in data science theory and practice designed to complement and reinforce cyber education along with the strategic language programs critical to cyber operations. (5) Programs designed to develop early interest and cyber talent through summer programs, dual enrollment opportunities for cyber, strategic language, data science, and cryptography related courses. (6) Training and education programs to expand the pool of qualified cyber instructors necessary to support cyber education in regional school systems. (d) PARTNERSHIPS WITHDEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND THE ARMED FORCES .—Any institute established under the program authorized by subsection (a) may enter into a partnership with one or more components of the Armed Forces, active or reserve, or any agency of the Department of Defense to facilitate the development of critical cyber skills for students who may pursue a military career. (e) PARTNERSHIPS .—Any institute established under the program authorized by subsection (a) may enter into a partnership with one or more local educational agencies to facilitate the development of critical cyber skills. (f) SENIOR MILITARY COLLEGES DEFINED .— The term ‘‘senior military colleges’’ has the meaning given such term in section 2111a(f) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1641. MATTERS PERTAINING TO THE SHARKSEER CYBERSECURITY PROGRAM. 
(a) T RANSFER OF PROGRAM .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense shall transfer the operations and maintenance for the Sharkseer cybersecurity program from the National Security Agency to the Defense Information Systems Agency, including all associated funding and, as the Secretary considers necessary, personnel. (b) LIMITATION ON FUNDING FOR THE INFOR MATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 or any subsequent fiscal year for research, development, test, and evaluation for the Information Systems Security Program for the National Security Agency, not more than 90 percent may be obligated or expended unless the Chief of Information Officer, in consultation with the Principal Cyber Advisor, certifies to the congressional defense committees that the operations and maintenance funding for the Sharkseer program for fiscal year 2019 and the subsequent fiscal years of the current Future Years Defense Program are available or programmed. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Information Officer shall provide to the congressional defense committees a report that assesses the transition of base operations of the SharkSeer program to the Defense Information Systems Agency, including with respect to staffing, acquisition, contracts, sensor management, and the ability to conduct cyber threat analyses and detect advanced malware. Such report shall also include a plan for continued capability development. (d) SHARKSEER BREAK AND INSPECT CAPABILITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the decryption capability described in section 1636 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) is provided by the break and inspect subsystem of the Sharkseer cybersecurity program, unless the Chief of Information Officer, in consultation with the Principal Cyber Advisor, notifies the congressional defense committees on or before the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that a superior enterprise solution will be operational before October 1, 2019. (2) INTEGRATION OF CAPABILITY .—The Sec retary shall take such actions as are necessary to integrate the break and inspect subsystem of the Sharkseer cybersecurity program with the Department of Defense public key infrastructure. (e) VISIBILITY TO ENDPOINTS .—The Secretary shall take such actions as are necessary to enable, by October 1, 2020, the Sharkseer cybersecurity program and computer network defense service providers to instantly and automatically determine the specific identity and location of computer hosts and other endpoints that received or sent malware detected by the Sharkseer cybersecurity program or other network perimeter defenses. (f) SANDBOX AS A SERVICE .—The Secretary shall use the Sharkseer cybersecurity program sandboxasaservice capability as an enterprise solution and terminate all other such projects, unless the Chief of Information Officer, in consultation with the Principal Cyber Advisor, notifies the congressional defense committees on or 
before the date that is 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that a superior enterprise solution will be operational before October 1, 2019. 
SEC. 1642. ACTIVE DEFENSE AGAINST THE RUSSIAN FEDERATION, PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF CHINA, DEMOCRATIC PEOPLE’S REPUBLIC OF KOREA, AND ISLAMIC REPUBLIC OF IRAN ATTACKS IN CYBERSPACE. 
(a) A UTHORITY TO DISRUPT , DEFEAT , AND DETER CYBER ATTACKS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In the event that the National Command Authority determines that the Russian Federation, People’s Republic of China, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, or Islamic Republic of Iran is conducting an active, systematic, and ongoing campaign of attacks against the Government or people of the United States in cyberspace, including attempting to influence American elections and democratic political processes, the National Command Authority may authorize the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Commander of the United States Cyber Command, to take appropriate and proportional action in foreign cyberspace to disrupt, defeat, and deter such attacks under the authority and policy of the Secretary of Defense to conduct cyber operations and information operations as traditional military activities. (2) NOTIFICATION AND REPORTING .— (A) NOTIFICATION OF OPERATIONS .—In exer cising the authority provided in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall provide notices to the congressional defense committees in accordance with section 395 of title 10, United States Code (as transferred and redesignated pursuant to section 1631). (B) QUARTERLY REPORTS BY COMMANDER OF  
THE UNITED STATES CYBER COMMAND .— (i) IN GENERAL .—In any fiscal year in which the Commander of the United States Cyber Command carries out an action under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall, not less frequently than quarterly, submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the actions of the Commander under such paragraph in such fiscal year. (ii) MANNER OF REPORTING .—Reports submitted under clause (i) shall be submitted in a manner that is consistent with the recurring quarterly report required by section 484 of title 10, United States Code. (b) PRIVATE SECTOR COOPERATION .—The Sec retary may make arrangements with private sector entities, on a voluntary basis, to share threat information related to malicious cyber actors, and any associated false online personas or compromised infrastructure, associated with a determination under subsection (a)(1), consistent with the protection of sources and methods and classification guidelines, as necessary. (c) ANNUAL REPORT .—Not less frequently than once each year, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the congressional intelligence committees (as defined in section 3 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003)), the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on— (1) the scope and intensity of the information operations and attacks through cyberspace by the countries specified in subsection (a)(1) against the government or people of the United States observed by the cyber mission forces of the United States Cyber Command and the National Security Agency; and (2) adjustments of the Department of Defense in the response directed or recommended by the Secretary with respect to such operations and attacks. (d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed to— (1) limit the authority of the Secretary to conduct military activities or operations in cyberspace, including clandestine activities or operations in cyberspace; or (2) affect the War Powers Resolution (Public Law 93–148; 50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.) or the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). SEC. 1643. DESIGNATION OF OFFICIAL FOR MATTERS RELATING TO INTEGRATING CYBERSECURITY AND INDUSTRIAL CONTROL SYSTEMS WITHIN THE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION OF INTEGRATING OFFICIAL .— Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall designate one official to be responsible for matters relating to integrating cybersecurity and industrial control systems for the Department of Defense. (b) RESPONSIBILITIES .—The official designated pursuant to subsection (a) shall be responsible for matters described in such subsection at all levels of command, from the Department’s leadership to the facilities owned by or operated on behalf of the Department of Defense using industrial control systems, including developing Departmentwide certification standards for integration of industrial control systems and taking into consideration frameworks set forth by the National Institute of Standards and Technology for the cybersecurity of such systems. 
SEC. 1644. ASSISTANCE FOR SMALL MANUFACTURERS IN THE DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL SUPPLY CHAIN AND UNIVERSITIES ON MATTERS RELATING TO CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) D ISSEMINATION OF CYBERSECURITY RESOURCES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, shall take such actions as may be necessary to enhance awareness of cybersecurity threats among small manufacturers and universities working on Department of Defense programs and activities. (2) PRIORITY .—The Secretary of Defense shall prioritize efforts to increase awareness to help reduce cybersecurity risks faced by small manufacturers and universities referred to in paragraph (1). (3) SECTOR FOCUS .—The Secretary of Defense shall carry out this subsection with a focus on such small manufacturers and universities as the Secretary considers critical. (4) OUTREACH EVENTS .—Under paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall conduct outreach to support activities consistent with this section. Such outreach may include live events with a physical presence and outreach conducted through Internet websites. Such outreach may include training, including via courses and classes, to help small manufacturers and universities improve their cybersecurity. (5) ROADMAPS AND ASSESSMENTS .—The Sec retary of Defense shall ensure that cybersecurity for defense industrial base manufacturing is included in appropriate research and development roadmaps and threat assessments. (b) VOLUNTARY CYBERSECURITY SELFASSESS MENTS .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop mechanisms to provide assistance to help small manufacturers and universities conduct voluntary selfassessments in order to understand operating environments, cybersecurity requirements, and existing vulnerabilities, including through the Mentor Prote´ge´Program, small business programs, and engagements with defense laboratories and test ranges. (c) TRANSFER OF RESEARCH FINDINGS AND EXPERTISE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall promote the transfer of appropriate technology, threat information, and cybersecurity techniques developed in the Department of Defense to small manufacturers and universities throughout the United States to implement security measures that are adequate to protect covered defense information, including controlled unclassified information. (2) COORDINATION WITH OTHER FEDERAL EX PERTISE AND CAPABILITIES .—The Secretary of Defense shall coordinate efforts, when appropriate, with the expertise and capabilities that exist in Federal agencies and federally sponsored laboratories. (3) AGREEMENTS .—In carrying out this subsection, the Secretary of Defense may enter into agreements with private industry, institutes of higher education, or a State, United States territory, local, or tribal government to ensure breadth and depth of coverage to the United States defense industrial base and to leverage resources. (d) DEFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE CYBER TRAINING PROGRAM .—The Secretary of Defense shall establish a cyber counseling certification program, or approve a similar existing program, to certify small business professionals and other relevant acquisition staff within the Department of Defense to provide cyber planning assistance to small manufacturers and universities. (e) ESTABLISHMENT OF CYBERSECURITY FOR  DEFENSE INDUSTRIAL BASEMANUFACTURING ACTIVITY .— (1) AUTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense may establish an activity to assess and strengthen the cybersecurity resiliency of the defense industrial base, if the Secretary determines such is appropriate. (2) DESIGNATION .—The activity described in paragraph (1), if established, shall be known as the ‘‘Cybersecurity for Defense Industrial Base Manufacturing Activity’’. (3) SPECIFICATION .—The Cybersecurity for Defense Industrial Base Manufacturing Activity, if established, shall implement the requirements specified in subsections (a) through (c). (f) AUTHORITIES .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary may use the following authorities: (1) The Manufacturing Technology Program established under section 2521 of title 10, United States Code. (2) The Centers for Science, Technology, and Engineering Partnership program under section 2368 of title 10, United States Code. (3) The Manufacturing Engineering Education Program established under section 2196 of title 10, United States Code. (4) The Small Business Innovation Research program. (5) The mentorprote´ge´program. (6) Other legal authorities as the Secretary determines necessary to effectively and efficiently carry out this section. (g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) RESOURCES .—The term ‘‘resources’’ means guidelines, tools, best practices, standards, methodologies, and other ways of providing information. (2) SMALL BUSINESS CONCERN .—The term ‘‘small business concern’’ means a small business concern as that term is used in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632). (3) SMALL MANUFACTURER .—The term ‘‘small manufacturer’’ means a small business concern that is a manufacturer in the defense industrial supply chain. (4) STATE.—The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, Territories, and possessions of the United States, the District of Columbia, and the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico. 
SEC. 1645. EMAIL AND INTERNET WEBSITE SECURITY AND AUTHENTICATION. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF PLANREQUIRED .—Ex cept as provided by subsection (b), the Secretary of Defense shall develop and implement the plan outlined in Binding Operational Directive 18–01, issued by the Secretary of Homeland Security on October 16, 2017, relating to email security and authentication and Internet website security, according to the schedule established by the Binding Operational Directive for the rest of the Executive Branch beginning with the date of enactment of this Act. (b) WAIVER .—The Secretary may waive the requirements of subsection (a) if the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Oversight and Government 
Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs of the Senate a certification that existing or planned security measures for the Department of Defense either meet or exceed the information security requirements of Binding Operational Directive 18–01. (c) FUTURE BINDING OPERATIONAL DIRECTIVES .—The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs of the Senate within 180 days of the issuance by the Secretary of Homeland Security after the date of the enactment of this Act of any Binding Operational Directive for cybersecurity whether the Department of Defense will comply with the Directive or how the Department of Defense plans to meet or exceed the security objectives of the Directive. 
The Principal Cyber Adviser, the Chief Information Officer, and the Commander of the United States Cyber Command shall select a network or network segment and associated computer network defense service provider to conduct a demonstration and evaluation of one or more existing security product integration frameworks, including modifying network security systems to enable such systems to ingest, publish, subscribe, tip and cue, and request information or services from each other. 
SEC. 1647. INFORMATION SECURITY CONTINUOUS MONITORING AND CYBERSECURITY SCORECARD. 
(a) L IMITATION .—After October 1, 2019, no funds may be obligated or expended to prepare the cybersecurity scorecard for the Secretary of Defense unless the Department of Defense is implementing a funded capability to meet the requirements— (1) established by the Chief Information Officer and the Commander of United States Cyber Command pursuant to section 1653 of the National Defense Authorization for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note); and (2) as set forth in the Department of Defense’s policies on modernized, Departmentwide automated information security continuous monitoring. (b) REPORT .—Not later than January 10, 2019, the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report— (1) comparing the current capabilities of the Department of Defense to— (A) the requirements described in subsection (a); (B) the capabilities deployed by the Department of Homeland Security and the General Services Administration under the Continuous Diagnostics and Mitigation program across the nonDepartment of Defense departments and agencies of the Federal Government; and (2) that contains a review and determination of whether the current requirements and policies described in subsection (a) are adequate to address the current threat environment. (c) RISKTHRESHOLDS .—The Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, in coordination with the Principal Cyber Advisor, the Director of Operations of the Joint Staff, and the Commander of United States Cyber Command, shall establish risk thresholds for systems and network operations that, when exceeded, would trigger heightened security measures, such as enhanced monitoring and access policy changes. (d) ENTERPRISE GOVERNANCE , RISK, ANDCOMPLIANCE PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chief Information Officer and the Principal Cyber Advisor shall develop a plan to implement an enterprise governance, risk, and compliance platform and process to maintain current status of all information and operational technology assets, vulnerabilities, threats, and mitigations. SEC. 1648. TIER 1 EXERCISE OF SUPPORT TO CIVIL AUTHORITIES FOR A CYBER INCIDENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Commander of the United States Cyber Command, the Commander of United States Northern Command, and such other commands or components of the Department of Defense as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate, shall, consistent with the recommendations made by the Comptroller General of the United States in the Government Accountability Office report GAO–16–574, conduct a tier 1 exercise of support to civil authorities for a cyber incident. (b) ELEMENTS .—The exercise required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) Department level leadership and decision making for providing cyber support to civil authorities. (2) Testing of the policy, guidance, doctrine and other elements in the Department of Defense Cyber Incident Coordinating Procedure. (3) Operational planning and execution by the Joint Staff and supported and supporting combatant commands. (4) Coordination with, and incorporation of, as appropriate, the Department of Homeland Security, the Federal Bureau of Investigation, and elements across Federal and State governments and the private sector. 
SEC. 1649. PILOT PROGRAM ON MODELING AND SIMULATION IN SUPPORT OF MILITARY HOMELAND DEFENSE OPERATIONS IN CONNECTION WITH CYBER ATTACKS ON CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM REQUIRED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security shall carry out a pilot program to model cyber attacks on critical infrastructure in order to identify and develop means of improving Department of Defense responses to requests for defense support to civil authorities for such attacks. (2) RESEARCH EXERCISES .—The pilot program shall source data from and include consideration of the ‘‘Jack Voltaic’’ research exercises conducted by the Army Cyber Institute, industry partners of the Institute, and the cities of New York, New York, and Houston, Texas. (b) PURPOSE .—The purpose of the pilot program shall be to accomplish the following: (1) The development and demonstration of risk analysis methodologies, and the application of commercial simulation and modeling capabilities, based on artificial intelligence and hyperscale cloud computing technologies, as applicable— (A) to assess defense critical infrastructure vulnerabilities and interdependencies to improve military resiliency; (B) to determine the likely effectiveness of attacks described in subsection (a)(1), and countermeasures, tactics, and tools supporting responsive military homeland defense operations; (C) to train personnel in incident response; (D) to conduct exercises and test scenarios; (E) to foster collaboration and learning between and among departments and agencies of the Federal Government, State and local governments, and private entities responsible for critical infrastructure; and (F) improve intraagency and interagency coordination for consideration and approval of requests for defense support to civil authorities. (2) The development and demonstration of the foundations for establishing and maintaining a program of record for a shared highfidelity, interactive, affordable, cloudbased modeling and simulation of critical infrastructure systems and incident response capabilities that can simulate complex cyber and physical attacks and disruptions on individual and multiple sectors on national, regional, State, and local scales. (c) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—At the same time the budget of the President for fiscal year 2021 is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Assistant Secretary shall, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the pilot program. (2) CONTENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A description of the results of the pilot program as of the date of the report. (B) A description of the risk analysis methodologies and modeling and simulation capabilities developed and demonstrated pursuant to the pilot program, and an assessment of the potential for future growth of commercial technology in support of the homeland defense mission of the Department of Defense. (C) Such recommendations as the Secretary considers appropriate regarding the establishment of a program of record for the Department on further development and sustainment of risk analysis methodologies and advanced, large scale modeling and simulation on critical infrastructure and cyber warfare. (D) Lessons learned from the use of novel risk analysis methodologies and largescale modeling and simulation carried out under the pilot program regarding vulnerabilities, required capabilities, and reconfigured force structure, coordination practices, and policy. (E) Planned steps for implementing the lessons described in subparagraph (D). (F) Any other matters the Secretary determines appropriate. 
SEC. 1650. PILOT PROGRAM AUTHORITY TO ENHANCE CYBERSECURITY AND RESILIENCY OF CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, is authorized to provide, detail, or assign technical personnel to the Department of Homeland Security on a nonreimbursable basis to enhance cybersecurity cooperation, collaboration, and unity of Government efforts. (b) SCOPE OF ASSISTANCE .—The authority under subsection (a) shall be limited in any fiscal year to the provision of not more than 50 technical cybersecurity personnel from the Department of Defense to the Department of Homeland Security, including the national cybersecurity and communications integration center (NCCIC) of the Department, or other locations as agreed upon by the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security. (c) LIMITATION .—The authority under subsection (a) may not negatively impact the primary missions of the Department of Defense or the Department of Homeland Security. (d) ESTABLISHMENT OF PROCEDURES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall establish procedures to carry out subsection (a), including procedures relating to the protection of and safeguards for maintenance of information held by the NCCIC regarding United States persons. (2) LIMITATION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed as providing authority to the Secretary of Defense to establish procedures regarding the NCCIC with respect to any matter outside the scope of this section. (e) NOEFFECT ON OTHER AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE SUPPORT .—Nothing in this section may be construed to limit the authority of an Executive department, military department, or independent establishment to provide any appropriate support, including cybersecurity support, or to provide, detail, or assign personnel, under any other law, rule, or regulation. (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, each of the terms ‘‘Executive department’’, ‘‘military department’’, and ‘‘independent establishment’’, has the meaning given each of such terms, respectively, in chapter 1 of title 5, United States Code. 
(g) T ERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—This section shall terminate on September 30, 2022. 
SEC. 1651. PILOT PROGRAM ON REGIONAL CYBERSECURITY TRAINING CENTER FOR THE ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. 
(a) P ILOT PROGRAM .—The Secretary of the Army may carry out a pilot program under which the Secretary establishes a National Guard training center to provide collaborative interagency education and training for members of the Army National Guard. (b) CENTER .— (1) TRAINING AND COOPERATION .—If the Secretary carries out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary should ensure that the training center established under such subsection— (A) educates and trains members of the Army National Guard quickly and efficiently by concurrently training cyber protection teams and cyber network defense teams on a common standard in order to defend— (i) the information network of the Department of Defense in a State environment; (ii) while acting under title 10, United States Code, the information networks of State governments; and (iii) critical infrastructure; (B) fosters interagency cooperation by— (i) colocating members of the Army National Guard with personnel of departments and agencies of the Federal Government and State governments; and (ii) providing an environment to develop interagency relationship to coordinate responses and recovery efforts during and following a cyber attack; (C) collaborates with academic institutions to develop and implement curriculum for interagency education and training within the classroom; and (D) coordinates with the Persistent Cyber Training Environment of the Army Cyber Command in devising and implementing interagency education and training using physical and information technology infrastructure. (2) LOCATIONS .—If the Secretary carries out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary may select one National Guard facility at which to carry out the pilot program. The Secretary may select a facility that is located in an area that meets the following criteria: (A) The location has a need for cyber training, as measured by both the number of members of the Army National Guard that would apply for such training and the number of units of the Army National Guard that verify the unit would apply for such training. (B) The location has high capacity information and telecommunications infrastructure, including high speed fiber optic networks. (C) The location has personnel, technology, laboratories, and facilities to support proposed activities and has the opportunity for ongoing training, education, and research. (c) ACTIVITIES .—If the Secretary carries out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary should ensure that the pilot program includes the following activities: (1) Providing joint education and training and accelerating training certifications for working in a cyber range. (2) Integrating education and training between the National Guard, law enforcement, and emergency medical and fire first responders. (3) Providing a program to continuously train the cyber network defense teams to not only defend the information network of the Department of Defense, but to also provide education and training on how to use defense capabilities of the team in a State environment. (4) Developing curriculum and educating the National Guard on the different missions carried out under titles 10 and 32, United States Code, in order to enhance interagency coordination and create a common operating picture. (d) NOTIFICATION REQUIRED .—If the Secretary carries out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide immediate notification to the congressional defense committees that includes information relating to the resources required to carry out such pilot program, identification of units to be trained, the location of such training, and a description of agreements with Federal, State, local, and private sector entities. (e) SUNSET .—The authority provided under this section shall expire on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—There is established a commission to develop a consensus on a strategic approach to defending the United States in cyberspace against cyber attacks of significant consequences. (2) DESIGNATION .—The commission established under paragraph (1) shall be known as the ‘‘Cyberspace Solarium Commission’’ (in this section the ‘‘Commission’’). (b) MEMBERSHIP .— (1) COMPOSITION .—(A) Subject to subparagraph (B), the Commission shall be composed of the following members: (i) The Principal Deputy Director of National Intelligence. (ii) The Deputy Secretary of Homeland Security. (iii) The Deputy Secretary of Defense. (iv) The Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation. (v) Three members appointed by the majority leader of the Senate, in consultation with the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, one of whom shall be a member of the Senate and two of whom shall not be. (vi) Two members appointed by the minority leader of the Senate, in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, one of whom shall be a member of the Senate and one of whom shall not be. (vii) Three members appointed by the Speaker of the House of Representatives, in consultation with the Chairman of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, one of whom shall be a member of the House of Representatives and two of whom shall not be. (viii) Two members appointed by the minority leader of the House of Representatives, in consultation with the Ranking Member of the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, one of whom shall be a member of the House of Representatives and one of whom shall not be. (B)(i) The members of the Commission who are not members of Congress and who are appointed under clauses (iv) through (vii) of subparagraph (A) shall be individuals who are nationally recognized for expertise, knowledge, or experience in— (I) cyber strategy or nationallevel strategies to combat longterm adversaries; (II) cyber technology and innovation; (III) use of intelligence information by national policymakers and military leaders; or (IV) the implementation, funding, or oversight of the national security policies of the United States. (ii) An official who appoints members of the Commission may not appoint an individual as a member of the Commission if such individual possesses any personal or financial interest in the discharge of any of the duties of the Commission. (iii) All members of the Commission described in clause (i) shall possess an appropriate security clearance in accordance with applicable provisions of law concerning the handling of classified information. (2) COCHAIRS .—(A) The Commission shall have two cochairs, selected from among the members of the Commission. (B) One cochair of the Commission shall be a member of the Democratic Party, and one co chair shall be a member of the Republican Party. (C) The individuals who serve as the cochairs of the Commission shall be jointly agreed upon by the President, the majority leader of the Senate, the minority leader of the Senate, the Speaker of the House of Representatives, and the minority leader of the House of Representatives. (c) APPOINTMENT ; INITIAL MEETING .— (1) APPOINTMENT .—Members of the Commission shall be appointed not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) INITIAL MEETING .—The Commission shall hold its initial meeting on or before the date that is 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. (d) MEETINGS ; QUORUM ; VACANCIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—After its initial meeting, the Commission shall meet upon the call of the co chairs of the Commission. (2) QUORUM .—Seven members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum for purposes of conducting business, except that two members of the Commission shall constitute a quorum for purposes of receiving testimony. (3) VACANCIES .—Any vacancy in the Commission shall not affect its powers, but shall be filled in the same manner in which the original appointment was made. (4) QUORUM WITH VACANCIES .—If vacancies in the Commission occur on any day after 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, a quorum shall consist of a majority of the members of the Commission as of such day. (e) ACTIONS OF COMMISSION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Commission shall act by resolution agreed to by a majority of the members of the Commission voting and present. (2) PANELS .—The Commission may establish panels composed of less than the full membership of the Commission for purposes of carrying out the duties of the Commission under this title. The actions of any such panel shall be subject to the review and control of the Commission. Any findings and determinations made by such a panel shall not be considered the findings and determinations of the Commission unless approved by the Commission. (3) DELEGATION .—Any member, agent, or staff of the Commission may, if authorized by the co chairs of the Commission, take any action which the Commission is authorized to take pursuant to this title. (f) DUTIES .—The duties of the Commission are as follows: (1) To define the core objectives and priorities of the strategy described in subsection (a)(1). (2) To weigh the costs and benefits of various strategic options to defend the United States, including the political system of the United States, the national security industrial sector of the United States, and the innovation base of the United States. The options to be assessed should include deterrence, normsbased regimes, and active disruption of adversary attacks through persistent engagement. (3) To evaluate whether the options described in paragraph (2) are exclusive or complementary, the best means for executing such options, and how the United States should incorporate and implement such options within its national strategy. (4) To review and make determinations on the difficult choices present within such options, among them what normsbased regimes the United States should seek to establish, how the United States should enforce such norms, how much damage the United States should be willing to incur in a deterrence or persistent denial strategy, what attacks warrant response in a deterrence or persistent denial strategy, and how the United States can best execute these strategies. (5) To review adversarial strategies and intentions, current programs for the defense of the United States, and the capabilities of the Federal Government to understand if and how adversaries are currently being deterred or thwarted in their aims and ambitions in cyberspace. 
(6) To evaluate the effectiveness of the current national cyber policy relating to cyberspace, cybersecurity, and cyber warfare to disrupt, defeat and deter cyber attacks. (7) In weighing the options for defending the United States, to consider possible structures and authorities that need to be established, revised, or augmented within the Federal Government. (g) POWERS OF COMMISSION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—(A) The Commission or, on the authorization of the Commission, any subcommittee or member thereof, may, for the purpose of carrying out the provisions of this section— (i) hold such hearings and sit and act at such times and places, take such testimony, receive such evidence, and administer such oaths; and (ii) require, by subpoena or otherwise, the attendance and testimony of such witnesses and the production of such books, records, correspondence, memoranda, papers, and documents, as the Commission or such designated subcommittee or designated member considers necessary. (B) Subpoenas may be issued under subparagraph (A)(ii) under the signature of the co chairs of the Commission, and may be served by any person designated by such cochairs. (C) The provisions of sections 102 through 104 of the Revised Statutes of the United States (2 U.S.C. 192–194) shall apply in the case of any failure of a witness to comply with any subpoena or to testify when summoned under authority of this section. (2) CONTRACTING .—The Commission may, to such extent and in such amounts as are provided in advance in appropriation Acts, enter into contracts to enable the Commission to discharge its duties under this title. (3) INFORMATION FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .— (A) The Commission may secure directly from any executive department, agency, bureau, board, commission, office, independent establishment, or instrumentality of the Government information, suggestions, estimates, and statistics for the purposes of this title. (B) Each such department, agency, bureau, board, commission, office, establishment, or instrumentality shall, to the extent authorized by law, furnish such information, suggestions, estimates, and statistics directly to the Commission, upon request of the cochairs of the Commission. (C) The Commission shall handle and protect all classified information provided to it under this section in accordance with applicable statutes and regulations. (4) ASSISTANCE FROM FEDERAL AGENCIES .—(A) The Secretary of Defense shall provide to the Commission, on a nonreimbursable basis, such administrative services, funds, staff, facilities, and other support services as are necessary for the performance of the Commission’s duties under this title. (B) The Director of National Intelligence may provide the Commission, on a nonreimbursable basis, with such administrative services, staff, and other support services as the Commission may request. (C) In addition to the assistance set forth in paragraphs (1) and (2), other departments and agencies of the United States may provide the Commission such services, funds, facilities, staff, and other support as such departments and agencies consider advisable and as may be authorized by law. (D) The Commission shall receive the full and timely cooperation of any official, department, or agency of the United States Government whose assistance is necessary, as jointly determined by the cochairs selected under subsection (b)(2), for the fulfillment of the duties of the Commission, including the provision of full and current briefings and analyses. (5) POSTAL SERVICES .—The Commission may use the United States postal services in the same manner and under the same conditions as the departments and agencies of the United States. (6) GIFTS.—No member or staff of the Commission may receive a gift or benefit by reason of the service of such member or staff to the Commission. (h) STAFF OF COMMISSION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—(A) The cochairs of the Commission, in accordance with rules agreed upon by the Commission, shall appoint and fix the compensation of a staff director and such other personnel as may be necessary to enable the Commission to carry out its duties, without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, governing appointments in the competitive service, and without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates, except that no rate of pay fixed under this subsection may exceed the equivalent of that payable to a person occupying a position at level V of the Executive Schedule under section 5316 of such title. (B) Any Federal Government employee may be detailed to the Commission without reimbursement from the Commission, and such detailee shall retain the rights, status, and privileges of his or her regular employment without interruption. (C) All staff of the Commission shall possess a security clearance in accordance with applicable laws and regulations concerning the handling of classified information. (2) CONSULTANT SERVICES .—(A) The Commission may procure the services of experts and consultants in accordance with section 3109 of title 5, United States Code, but at rates not to exceed the daily rate paid a person occupying a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of such title. (B) All experts and consultants employed by the Commission shall possess a security clearance in accordance with applicable laws and regulations concerning the handling of classified information. (i) COMPENSATION AND TRAVEL EXPENSES .— (1) COMPENSATION .—(A) Except as provided in paragraph (2), each member of the Commission may be compensated at not to exceed the daily equivalent of the annual rate of basic pay in effect for a position at level IV of the Executive Schedule under section 5315 of title 5, United States Code, for each day during which that member is engaged in the actual performance of the duties of the Commission under this title. (B) Members of the Commission who are officers or employees of the United States or Members of Congress shall receive no additional pay by reason of their service on the Commission. (2) TRAVEL EXPENSES .—While away from their homes or regular places of business in the performance of services for the Commission, members of the Commission may be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in the same manner as persons employed intermittently in the Government service are allowed expenses under section 5703 of title 5, United States Code. (j) TREATMENT OF INFORMATION RELATING TO  NATIONAL SECURITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—(A) The Director of National Intelligence shall assume responsibility for the handling and disposition of any information related to the national security of the United States that is received, considered, or used by the Commission under this title. (B) Any information related to the national security of the United States that is provided to the Commission by a congressional intelligence committees or the congressional armed services committees may not be further provided or released without the approval of the chairman of such committees. (2) ACCESS AFTER TERMINATION OF COMMIS SION.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, after the termination of the Commission under subsection (k)(2), only the members and designated staff of the congressional intelligence committees, the Director of National Intelligence (and the designees of the Director), and such other officials of the executive branch as the President may designate shall have access to information related to the national security of the United States that is received, considered, or used by the Commission. (k) FINAL REPORT ; TERMINATION .— (1) FINAL REPORT .—Not later than September 1, 2019, the Commission shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the congressional intelligence committees, the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate, the Director of National Intelligence, and the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Homeland Security a final report on the findings of the Commission. (2) TERMINATION .—(A) The Commission, and all the authorities of this section, shall terminate at the end of the 120day period beginning on the date on which the final report under paragraph (1) is submitted to the congressional defense and intelligence committees. (B) The Commission may use the 120day period referred to in paragraph (1) for the purposes of concluding its activities, including providing testimony to Congress concerning the final report referred to in that paragraph and disseminating the report. (l) ASSESSMENTS OF FINAL REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after receipt of the final report under subsection (k)(1), the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall each submit to the congressional intelligence committees and the congressional defense committees an assessment by the Director or the Secretary, as the case may be, of the final report. Each assessment shall include such comments on the findings and recommendations contained in the final report as the Director or Secretary, as the case may be, considers appropriate. (m) INAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN ADMINISTRA TIVEPROVISIONS .— (1) FEDERAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ACT .—The provisions of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the activities of the Commission under this section. (2) FREEDOM OF INFORMATION ACT .—The pro visions of section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the Freedom of Information Act), shall not apply to the activities, records, and proceedings of the Commission under this section. (n) FUNDING .— (1) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by this Act, as specified in the funding tables in division D, $4,000,000 may be used to carry out this section. (2) AVAILABILITY IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (1), the Secretary of Defense shall make available to the Commission such amounts as the Commission may require for purposes of the activities of the Commission under this section. (3) DURATION OF AVAILABILITY .—Amounts made available to the Commission under paragraph (2) shall remain available until expended. (o) CONGRESSIONAL INTELLIGENCE COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ means— (1) the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1653. STUDY AND REPORT ON RESERVE COMPONENT CYBER CIVIL SUPPORT TEAMS. 
(a) S TUDY REQUIRED .—The Secretaries concerned shall conduct a study on the feasibility and advisability of the establishment of reserve component cyber civil support teams for each State. (b) ELEMENTS .—The study under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An examination of the potential ability of the teams referred to in such subsection to respond to an attack, natural disaster, or other 
largescale incident affecting computer networks, electronics, or cyber capabilities, including an analysis of the following: (A) The command structure and lines of authority for such teams. (B) The operational capabilities of such teams. (C) The legal authorities available to and constraints placed on such teams. (D) The amount of funding and other resources that would be required by the Department of Defense to organize, train, and equip such teams. (2) An analysis of the current use of reserve and active duty components in the Department of Defense and an explanation of how the establishment of such teams may affect the ability of the Department of Defense to— (A) organize, train, equip, and employ the Cyber Mission Force, and other organic cyber forces; and (B) perform the national defense missions and defense support to civil authorities for cyber incident response. (3) An explanation of how the establishment of such teams may affect the ability of the Department of Homeland Security to— (A) organize, train, equip, and employ cyber incident response teams; and (B) perform civilian cyber response missions. (4) An explanation as to how the establishment of such teams would fit into the current missions of the Department of Defense and the Department of Homeland Security. (5) An analysis of current and projected State civilian and private sector cyber response capabilities and services, including an identification of any gaps in such capabilities and services, and including an analysis of the following: (A) Whether such teams would be, on a risk and costadjusted basis, of use for each State. (B) How the establishment of such teams may impact Federal, State, and private sector resourcing for State civilian and private sector cyber response capabilities and services. (6) An identification of the potential role of such teams with respect to the principles and processes set forth in— (A) Presidential Policy Directive 20 (United States Cyber Operations Policy); (B) Presidential Policy Directive 21 (Critical Infrastructure Security and Resilience); and (C) Presidential Policy Directive 41 (United States Cyber Incident Coordination). (7) An explanation of how such teams may interact with other organizations and elements of the Federal Government that have responsibilities under the Presidential Policy Directives referred to in paragraph (6). (8) Any effects on the privacy and civil liberties of United States persons that may result from the establishment of such teams. (9) Any other considerations determined to be relevant by the Secretaries concerned. (c) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretaries concerned shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that includes— (1) the results of the study conducted under subsection (a), including an explanation of each element described in subsection (b); and (2) the final determination of the Secretaries with respect to the feasibility and advisability of establishing reserve component cyber civil support teams for each State. (d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the congressional defense committees; (B) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives; and (C) the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. (2) The term ‘‘reserve component cyber civil support team’’ means a team that— (A) is comprised of members of the reserve components; (B) is organized, trained, equipped, and sustained by the Department of Defense for the purpose of assisting State authorities in preparing for and responding to cyber incidents, cyber emergencies, and cyber attacks; and (C) operates principally under the command and control of the Chief Executive of the State in which the team is located. (3) The term ‘‘Secretaries concerned’’ means the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security acting jointly. (4) The term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, and the United States Virgin Islands. SEC. 1654. IDENTIFICATION OF COUNTRIES OF CONCERN REGARDING CYBERSECURITY. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF COUNTRIES OF CONCERN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall create a list of countries that pose a risk to the cybersecurity of United States defense and national security systems and infrastructure. Such list shall reflect the level of threat posed by each country included on such list. In creating such list, the Secretary shall take in to account the following: (1) A foreign government’s activities that pose force protection or cybersecurity risk to the personnel, financial systems, critical infrastructure, or information systems of the United States or coalition forces. (2) A foreign government’s willingness and record of providing financing, logistics, training or intelligence to other persons, countries or entities posing a force protection or cybersecurity risk to the personnel, financial systems, critical infrastructure, or information systems of the United States or coalition forces. (3) A foreign government’s engagement in foreign intelligence activities against the United States for the purpose of undermining United States national security. (4) A foreign government’s knowing participation in transnational organized crime or criminal activity. (5) A foreign government’s cyber activities and operations to affect the supply chain of the United States Government. (6) A foreign government’s use of cyber means to unlawfully or inappropriately obtain intellectual property from the United States Government or United States persons. (b) UPDATES .—The Secretary shall continuously update and maintain the list under subsection (a) to preempt obsolescence. (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the list created pursuant to subsection (a) and any accompanying analysis that contributed to the creation of the list. 
SEC. 1655. MITIGATION OF RISKS TO NATIONAL SECURITY POSED BY PROVIDERS OF INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY PRODUCTS AND SERVICES WHO HAVE OBLIGATIONS TO FOREIGN GOVERNMENTS. 
(a) D ISCLOSURE REQUIRED .—Subject to the regulations issued under subsection (b), the Department of Defense may not use a product, service, or system procured or acquired after the date of the enactment of this Act relating to information or operational technology, cybersecurity, an industrial control system, or weapons system provided by a person unless that person discloses to the Secretary of Defense the following: (1) Whether, and if so, when, within five years before or at any time after the date of the enactment of this Act, the person has allowed a foreign government to review the code of a non commercial product, system, or service developed for the Department, or whether the person is under any obligation to allow a foreign person or government to review the code of a noncommercial product, system, or service developed for the Department as a condition of entering into an agreement for sale or other transaction with a foreign government or with a foreign person on behalf of such a government. (2) Whether, and if so, when, within five years before or at any time after the date of the enactment of this Act, the person has allowed a foreign government listed in section 1654 to review the source code of a product, system, or service that the Department is using or intends to use, or is under any obligation to allow a foreign person or government to review the source code of a product, system, or service that the Department is using or intends to use as a condition of entering into an agreement for sale or other transaction with a foreign government or with a foreign person on behalf of such a government. (3) Whether or not the person holds or has sought a license pursuant to the Export Administration Regulations under subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations under subchapter M of chapter I of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations, or successor regulations, for information technology products, components, software, or services that contain code customdeveloped for the noncommercial product, system, or service the Department is using or intends to use. (b) REGULATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations regarding the implementation of subsection (a). (2) UNIFORM REVIEW PROCESS .—If information obtained from a person under subsection (a) or the contents of the registry under subsection (f) are the subject of a request under section 552 of title 5, United States Code (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Freedom of Information Act’’), the Secretary of Defense shall conduct a uniform review process, without regard to the office holding the information, to determine if the information is exempt from disclosure under such section 552. (c) PROCUREMENT .—Procurement contracts for covered products or systems shall include a clause requiring the information contained in subsection (a) be disclosed during the period of the contract if an entity becomes aware of information requiring disclosure required pursuant to such subsection, including any mitigation measures taken or anticipated. (d) MITIGATION OF RISKS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—If, after reviewing a disclosure made by a person under subsection (a), the Secretary determines that the disclosure relating to a product, system, or service entails a risk to the national security infrastructure or data of the United States, or any national security system under the control of the Department, the Secretary shall take such measures as the Secretary considers appropriate to mitigate such risks, including, as the Secretary considers appropriate, by conditioning any agreement for the use, procurement, or acquisition of the product, system, or service on the inclusion of enforceable conditions or requirements that would mitigate such risks. (2) THIRDPARTY TESTING STANDARD .—Not later than two years after the date of the enactment of this Act the Secretary shall develop such thirdparty testing standard as the Secretary considers acceptable for commercial off the shelf (COTS) products, systems, or services to use when dealing with foreign governments. (e) EXEMPTION OF OPENSOURCE SOFTWARE .— This section shall not apply to open source software. (f) ESTABLISHMENT OF REGISTRY .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) establish within the operational capabilities of the Committee for National Security Systems (CNSS) or within such other agency as the Secretary considers appropriate a registry containing the information disclosed under subsection (a); and 
(2) upon request, make such information available to any agency conducting a procurement pursuant to the Federal Acquisition Regulations or the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulations. (g) ANNUAL REPORTS .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act and not less frequently than once each year thereafter, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report detailing the number, scope, product classifications, and mitigation agreements related to each product, system, and service for which a disclosure is made under subsection (a). (h) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—The term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Select Committee on Intelligence, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, the Committee on Homeland Security, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives. (2) COMMERCIAL ITEM .—The term ‘‘commercial item’’ has the meaning given such term in section 103 of title 41, United States Code. (3) INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘information technology’’ has the meaning given such term in section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. (4) NATIONAL SECURITY SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘national security system’’ has the meaning given such term in section 3552(b) of title 44, United States Code. (5) NONCOMMERCIAL PRODUCT , SYSTEM , OR 
SERVICE .—The term ‘‘noncommercial product, system, or service’’ means a product, system, or service that does not meet the criteria of a commercial item. (6) OPEN SOURCE SOFTWARE .—The term ‘‘open source software’’ means software for which the humanreadable source code is available for use, study, reuse, modification, enhancement, and redistribution by the users of such software. 
Not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the feasibility of establishing a Cybersecurity Apprentice Program to support onthejob training for certain cybersecurity positions and facilitate the acquisition of cybersecurity certifications. 
SEC. 1657. REPORT ON ENHANCEMENT OF SOFTWARE SECURITY FOR CRITICAL SYSTEMS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Principal Cyber Adviser to the Secretary of Defense, the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, and the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense shall jointly submit to the congressional defense committees a report on a study, based on the authorities specified in subsection (b), on the costs, benefits, technical merits, and other merits of applying the technologies described in subsection (c) to the vulnerability assessment and remediation of the following systems: (1) Nuclear systems and nuclear command and control. (2) A critical subset of conventional power projection capabilities. (3) Cyber command and control. (4) Other defense critical infrastructure. (b) BASIS FOR CONDUCT OF STUDY .—The study required for purposes of subsection (a) shall be conducted pursuant to the following: (1) Section 1640 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (2) Section 1650 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (10 U.S.C. 2224 note). (3) Section 1647 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1118). (4) Section 937 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2224 note). (c) TECHNOLOGIES .—The technologies described in this subsection include the following: (1) Technology acquired, developed, and used by Combat Support Agencies of the Department of Defense to discover flaws and weaknesses in software code by inputting immense quantities of pseudorandom data (commonly referred to as ‘‘fuzz’’) to identify inputs that cause the software to fail or degrade. (2) Cloudbased software fuzzingasaservice to continuously test the security of Department of Defense software repositories at large scale. (3) Formal programming and protocol language for software code development and other methods and tools developed under various programs such as the High Assurance Cyber Military Systems program of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. (4) The binary analysis and symbolic execution software security tools developed under the Cyber Grand Challenge of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. (5) Any other advanced or immature technologies with respect to which the Department of Defense determines there is particular potential for application to the vulnerability assessment and remediation of the systems specified in subsection (a). Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces 
SEC. 1661. UNDER SECRETARY OF DEFENSE FOR RESEARCH AND ENGINEERING AND THE NUCLEAR WEAPONS COUNCIL. 
Section 179(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘, Technology, and Logistics’’ and inserting ‘‘and Sustainment’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following new paragraph (4): ‘‘(4) The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering.’’. 
Subparagraphs (A) and (B) of section 217(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 706) are amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) achieves initial operating capability for nuclear missions prior to the retirement of the nucleararmed AGM–86; ‘‘(B) achieves initial operating capability for conventional missions by not later than five years after the date of the achievement under subparagraph (A); and’’. 
SEC. 1663. ACCELERATION OF GROUNDBASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT PROGRAM AND LONGRANGE STANDOFF WEAPON PROGRAM. 
(a) P LAN FOR ACCELERATION OF PROGRAMS .— Consistent with validated military requirements and in accordance with applicable provisions of Federal law regarding acquisition, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in consultation with the Secretary of the Air Force, shall develop and implement— (1) a plan to accelerate the development, procurement, and fielding of the groundbased strategic deterrent program; and (2) a plan to accelerate the development, procurement, and fielding of the longrange standoff weapon. (b) CRITERIA .—The plans developed under subsection (a) shall meet the following criteria: (1) With respect to the plan developed under paragraph (1) of such subsection, the plan shall ensure that the groundbased strategic deterrent program includes the recapitalization of the full intercontinental ballistic missile weapon system for 400 deployed missiles and associated spares and 450 launch facilities, without phasing or splitting the program, including with respect to the missile flight system, groundbased infrastructure and equipment, appropriate command and control elements. (2) The plans shall include a comprehensive assessment of the benefits, risks, feasibility, costs, and cost savings of various options for accelerating the respective program covered by the plan, including by considering— (A) accelerating— (i) the technology maturation and risk reduction phase, including through the identification of low and high technology readiness levels, requirements, and timelines for maturing such technology; (ii) the award of an engineering and manufacturing development contract; and (iii) making the milestone B decision; (B) transitioning full acquisition authority, responsibility, and accountability of the respective program to the Secretary of the Air Force, including milestone decision authority; (C) providing a general officerlevel program executive officer a dedicated, singleprogram, longterm assignment with a tailored acquisition approach, program strategy, and oversight model for the respective program that empowers the general officer to accelerate the program, make decisions, and be held accountable; (D) streamlining, as appropriate, test and evaluation activities for the respective program, particularly for proven technologies, while ensuring high confidence in the final deployed system; (E) leveraging agile software development or other innovative approaches to reduce timeframes for software development; (F) identifying and proposing statutory changes that the Under Secretary or the Secretary of the Air Force determine could accelerate the respective program; (G) identifying accelerated goals for initial operational capability and full operational capability for the respective program; and (H) such other options as the Under Secretary or the Secretary of the Air Force consider appropriate. (c) SUBMISSION .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Under Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Air Force, shall submit to the congressional defense committees the plans developed under subsection (a), including an assessment of the options considered and the options selected to be implemented under the plans. (d) BRIEFING .—Not later than 160 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander of the United States Strategic Command shall provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the views of the Commander with respect to the plans developed under subsection (a). (e) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) The term ‘‘milestone B decision’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2400(a) of title 10, United States Code. (2) The term ‘‘milestone decision authority’’ has the meaning given that term in section 2366a(d) of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 1664. PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR CERTAIN PARTS OF INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILE FUZES. 
(a) A VAILABILITY OF FUNDS.—Notwith standing section 1502(a) of title 31, United States Code, of the amount authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 by section 101 and available for Missile Procurement, Air Force, as specified in the funding table in division D, $9,841,000 shall be available for the procurement of covered parts pursuant to contracts entered into under section 1645(a) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3651). (b) COVERED PARTS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered parts’’ means commercially available offtheshelf items as defined in section 104 of title 41, United States Code. 
SEC. 1665. PROHIBITION ON REDUCTION OF THE INTERCONTINENTAL BALLISTIC MISSILES OF THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided by subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense shall be obligated or expended for— (1) reducing, or preparing to reduce, the responsiveness or alert level of the intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United States; or (2) reducing, or preparing to reduce, the quantity of deployed intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United States to a number less than 400. (b) EXCEPTION .—The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any of the following activities: (1) The maintenance or sustainment of intercontinental ballistic missiles. (2) Ensuring the safety, security, or reliability of intercontinental ballistic missiles. 
SEC. 1666. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR MOBILE VARIANT OF GROUNDBASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT MISSILE. 
Section 1664 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2615), as amended by section 1663 by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2020’’. 
SEC. 1667. EXCHANGE PROGRAM FOR NUCLEAR WEAPONS PROGRAM EMPLOYEES. 
(a) P ROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council established under section 179 of title 10, United States Code, and the Administrator for Nuclear Security, shall jointly establish an exchange program under which— (1) the Chairman shall arrange for the temporary assignment of civilian and military personnel working on nuclear weapons policy, production, and force structure issues in the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the Joint Staff, the Navy, or the Air Force to the Office of the Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs in the National Nuclear Security Administration; and (2) the Administrator shall arrange for the temporary assignment of civilian personnel working on programs related to nuclear weapons in the Office of the Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs to the elements of the Department of Defense specified in paragraph (1). (b) PURPOSES .—The purposes of the exchange program established under subsection (a) are— (1) to familiarize personnel from the Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration with the equities, priorities, processes, culture, and employees of the other agency; (2) for participants in the exchange program to return the expertise gained through their exchanges to their original agencies at the conclusion of their exchanges; and (3) to improve communication between and integration of the agencies that support the formation and oversight of nuclear weapons policy through lasting relationships across the chain of command. (c) PARTICIPANTS .— (1) NUMBER OF PARTICIPANTS .—The Chairman and the Administrator shall each select not fewer than five and not more than 10 participants per year for participation in the exchange program established under subsection (a). The Chairman and the Administrator may determine how many participants to select under this paragraph without regard to the number of participants selected from the other agency. (2) CRITERIA FOR SELECTION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Chairman and the Administrator shall select participants for the exchange program established under subsection (a) from among midcareer employees and based on— (i) the qualifications and desire to participate in the program of the employee; and (ii) the technical needs and capacities of the Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration, as applicable. (B) DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE .—In selecting participants from the Department of Defense for the exchange program established under subsection (a), the Chairman shall ensure that there is a mix of military personnel and civilian employees of the Department. (d) TERMS .—Exchanges pursuant to the exchange program established under subsection (a) shall be for terms of one to two years, as determined and negotiated by the Chairman and the Administrator. Such terms may begin and end on a rolling basis. (e) GUIDANCE AND IMPLEMENTATION .— (1) GUIDANCE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman and the Administrator shall jointly develop and submit to the congressional defense committees interim guidance on the form and contours of the exchange program established under subsection (a). (2) IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Chairman and the Administrator shall implement the guidance developed under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1668. PLAN TO TRAIN OFFICERS IN NUCLEAR COMMAND, CONTROL, AND COMMUNICATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Navy, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, shall develop a plan to train, educate, manage, and track officers of the Armed Forces in nuclear command, control, and communications. (b) ELEMENTS .—The plan required by subsection (a) shall address— (1) manpower requirements at various grades; (2) desired career paths and promotion timing; and (3) any other matters the Secretary of Defense considers relevant to develop a mature cadre of officers with nuclear command, control, and communications expertise. (c) SUBMISSION OF PLAN.—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives the plan required by subsection (a). (d) IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall implement the plan required by subsection (a). 
SEC. 1669. INDEPENDENT STUDY ON OPTIONS TO INCREASE PRESIDENTIAL DECISION TIME REGARDING NUCLEAR WEAPONS EMPLOYMENT. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT STUDY .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct a study on the potential benefits and risks of options to increase the time the President has to make a decision regarding the employment of nuclear weapons. (b) REPORTS .— (1) SUBMISSION TO DOD .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the federally funded research and development center shall submit to the Secretary a report containing the study conducted under subsection (a). Such report shall include the findings and recommendations of the center. (2) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the report under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees such report, without change, and any comments of the Secretary with respect to such report. (3) FORM.—The reports under paragraphs (1) and (2) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. SEC. 1670. EXTENSION OF ANNUAL REPORT ON PLAN FOR THE NUCLEAR WEAPONS STOCKPILE, NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMPLEX, NUCLEAR WEAPONS DELIVERY SYSTEMS, AND NUCLEAR WEAPONS COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM. 
Section 1043 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1576), as most recently amended by section 1665 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), is further amended in subsection (a)(1) by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. 
SEC. 1671. PLAN FOR ALIGNMENT OF ACQUISITION OF WARHEAD LIFE EXTENSION PROGRAMS AND DELIVERY VEHICLES FOR SUCH WARHEADS. 
Not later than February 15, 2019, the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council established under section 179 of title 10, United States Code, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan containing a proposal for better aligning the acquisition of warhead life extension programs by the National Nuclear Security Administration with the acquisition of the planned delivery vehicles for such warheads by the Department of Defense. 
SEC. 1672. ANNUAL REPORT ON DEVELOPMENT OF LONGRANGE STANDOFF WEAPON. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than February 15, 2019, and annually thereafter until the date on which the longrange standoff weapon receives Milestone B approval (as defined in section 2366 of title 10, United States Code), the Secretary of the Air Force, in coordination with the Administrator for Nuclear Security and the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the joint development of the longrange standoff weapon, including the missile developed by the Air Force and the W80–4 warhead life extension program conducted by the National Nuclear Security Administration. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) An estimate of the date on which the long range standoff weapon will reach initial operating capability. (2) A description of any development milestones for the missile developed by the Air Force or the warhead developed by the National Nuclear Security Administration that depend on corresponding progress at the other agency. (3) A description of coordination efforts between the Air Force and the National Nuclear Security Administration during the period covered by the report. (4) A description of any schedule delays projected by the Air Force or the National Nuclear Security Administration and the anticipated effect such delays would have on the schedule of work of the other agency. (5) Plans to mitigate the effects of any delays described in paragraph (4). (6) A description of any ways, including through the availability of additional funding or authorities, in which the development milestones described in paragraph (2) or the estimated date of initial operating capability referred to in paragraph (1), could be achieved more quickly. (7) An estimate of the acquisition costs for the longrange standoff weapon. (c) FORM.—The report required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1673. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON NUCLEAR POSTURE OF THE UNITED STATES. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) for more than 70 years the nuclear deterrent of the United States has played, and will continue to play, a central role in the national security of the United States and international stability; (2) strong, credible, and flexible nuclear forces of the United States deter aggression by adversaries and assure the allies of the United States 
that the extended deterrence commitments of the United States are steadfast; (3) the 2017 National Security Strategy, the 2018 National Defense Strategy, and the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review correctly assess changes in the security environment related to interstate strategic competition and recognize that the defense policies and posture of the United States, including those related to nuclear forces, must undergo measured adjustments; (4) the United States remains committed to, and will continue to honor, its full range of nuclear arms control and nonproliferation treaty obligations and seeks continued engagement for prudent and verifiable agreements, however, the policies and actions of the United States must also hold states that violate such treaties accountable for such violations and take such violations into account when considering further arms control agreements; (5) the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) plays an essential role in the national security of the United States and NATO should continue to strengthen and align its nuclear and conventional deterrence posture, planning, and exercises to align with modern threats, including modernizing its dualcapable aircraft, command and control networks, nuclearrelated facilities, and conventional capabilities; (6) the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review rightly states that the United States requires reliable, diverse, and tailorable nuclear forces capable of responding to a variety of current threats while preparing for future uncertainty and directs implementation of a comprehensive nuclear modernization program at both the Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration; and (7) the Department of Defense and the National Nuclear Security Administration must integrate, partner, and organize themselves to successfully execute all aspects of the nuclear modernization program, including those regarding nuclear forces, warheads, infrastructure, command and control, and personnel. Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs 
SEC. 1675. DEVELOPMENT OF PERSISTENT SPACE BASED SENSOR ARCHITECTURE. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT REQUIRED .—Subsection (a) of section 1683 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note) is amended by striking ‘‘If consistent with the direction or recommendations of the Ballistic Missile Defense Review that commenced in 2017, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to the availability of appropriations, beginning fiscal year 2019, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, in coordination with the Commander of the Air Force Space Command and the Commander of the United States Strategic Command,’’. (b) COMPATIBILITY WITHEFFORTS OF DEFENSE  ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY .—Such section is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (g) and (h), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the following new subsection (e): ‘‘(e) COMPATIBILITY WITHEFFORTS OF DEFENSE ADVANCED RESEARCH PROJECTS AGENCY.—The Director shall ensure that the sensor architecture developed under subsection (a) is compatible with efforts of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency relating to space based sensors for missile defense.’’. (c) REPORT ON USE OF OTHER AUTHORITIES .— Such section is further amended by inserting after subsection (e), as added by subsection (b) of this section, the following new subsection (f): ‘‘(f) REPORT ON USE OF OTHER AUTHORI TIES.—Not later than January 31, 2019, the Director shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the options available to the Director to use other transactional authorities pursuant to section 2371 of title 10, United States Code, to accelerate the development and deployment of the sensor architecture required by subsection (a).’’. (d) PLAN.— (1) LIMITATION .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense for the development of the space based sensor architecture under subsection (a) of section 1683 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note), not more than 85 percent may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Director of the Missile Defense Agency submits the plan under subsection (g) of such section, as redesignated by subsection (b)(1) of this section. (2) CLARIFICATION OF ROLES .—Section 1683(g) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note), as redesignated by subsection (b)(1) of this section, is amended by striking ‘‘the Director shall submit’’ and inserting ‘‘the Director, in coordination with the Commander of the Air Force Space Command and the Commander of the United States Strategic Command, shall submit’’. 
(a) D EVELOPMENT AND STUDY .—Section 1685 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsections: ‘‘(d) DEVELOPMENT .— ‘‘(1) REQUIREMENT .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, beginning fiscal year 2019, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall carry out a program to develop boost phase intercept capabilities that— ‘‘(A) are cost effective; ‘‘(B) are airlaunched, shipbased, or both; and ‘‘(C) include kinetic interceptors. ‘‘(2) PARTNERSHIPS .—In developing kinetic boost phase intercept capabilities under paragraph (1), the Director may enter into partnerships with the Ministry of National Defense of the Republic of Korea or the Ministry of Defense of Japan, or both. ‘‘(e) INDEPENDENT STUDY .— ‘‘(1) REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary of Defense shall seek to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center to conduct a feasibility study on providing an initial or demonstrated boost phase capability using unmanned aerial vehicles and kinetic interceptors by December 31, 2021. Such study shall include, at a minimum, a review of the study published by the Science, Technology, and National Security Working Group of the Massachusetts Institute of Technology in 2017 titled ‘Airborne Patrol to Destroy DPRK ICBMs in Powered Flight’. ‘‘(2) SUBMISSION .—Not later than July 31, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the study conducted under paragraph (1).’’. (b) MODIFICATION TO SENSE OF CONGRESS .— Subsection (a) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘, if consistent with the direction or recommendations of the Ballistic Missile Defense Review that commenced in 2017’’. 
SEC. 1677. EXTENSION OF REQUIREMENT FOR REPORTS ON UNFUNDED PRIORITIES OF MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1696 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2638)— (1) is— (A) transferred to chapter 9 of title 10, United States Code; (B) inserted after section 222a; and (C) redesignated as section 222b; and (2) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2018 and 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘for a fiscal year’’; and (B) in subsection (c)(3), by striking ‘‘the budget if’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘the budget if additional resources had been available for the budget to fund the program, activity, or mission requirement.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENTS .— (1) SECTION HEADING .—Section 222b of title 10, United States Code, as added by subsection (a), is amended— (A) in the enumerator, by striking ‘‘SEC.’’ and inserting ‘‘§’’; and (B) by striking the section heading and inserting ‘‘Unfunded priorities of the Missile Defense Agency: annual report’’. (2) TABLE OF SECTIONS .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 9 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 222a the following new item: ‘‘222b. Unfunded priorities of the Missile Defense Agency: annual report.’’. 
SEC. 1678. EXTENSION OF PROHIBITION RELATING TO MISSILE DEFENSE INFORMATION AND SYSTEMS. 
Section 130h(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘January 1, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2021’’. 
SEC. 1679. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT RELATING TO TRANSITION OF BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE PROGRAMS TO MILITARY DEPARTMENTS. 
Section 1676(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note) is amended by inserting ‘‘or equivalent approval’’ before the period at the end. 
SEC. 1680. MODIFICATION OF REQUIREMENT TO DEVELOP A SPACEBASED BALLISTIC MISSILE INTERCEPT LAYER. 
(a) D ISSOCIATION WITHBALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE REVIEW .—Subsection (a) of section 1688 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 10 U.S.C. 2431 note) is amended, in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘If consistent’’ and all that follows through ‘‘the Director’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Director’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subsection (b) of such section is amended, in the matter before paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘If the Director carries out subsection (a), not later’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later’’. 
SEC. 1681. IMPROVEMENTS TO ACQUISITION PROCESSES OF MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY. 
(a) N OTIFICATION ON CHANGES TO NONSTAND ARDACQUISITION PROCESSES AND RESPONSIBIL ITIES.— (1) LIMITATION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Secretary of Defense may be obligated or expended to change the nonstandard acquisition processes and responsibilities described in paragraph (2) until— (A) the Secretary notifies the congressional defense committees of such proposed change; and (B) a period of 90 days has elapsed following the date of such notification. (2) NONSTANDARD ACQUISITION PROCESSES AND  
RESPONSIBILITIES DESCRIBED .—The nonstandard acquisition processes and responsibilities described in this paragraph are such processes and responsibilities described in— (A) the memorandum of the Secretary of Defense titled ‘‘Missile Defense Program Direction’’ signed on January 2, 2002; (B) Department of Defense Directive 5134.09, as in effect on the date of the enactment of this Act; and (C) United States Strategic Command Instruction 583–3. (b) INTEGRATED MASTER TESTPLANINFORMA TION.—Together with the release of each integrated master test plan of the Missile Defense Agency, and at the same time as each budget of the President is submitted to Congress under 
section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall make publicly available a version of each such plan that identifies the fiscal year and the fiscal quarter in which events under the plan will occur. (c) MISSILE DEFENSE EXECUTIVE BOARD .—In addition to the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering serving as chairman of the Missile Defense Executive Board pursuant to section 1676(c)(3)(B) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1773), the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall serve— (1) as a member of the Board; and (2) as cochairman with respect to decisions regarding acquisition and the approval of acquisition and production milestones, including with respect to the use of other transaction authority contracts and transactions in excess of $500,000,000 (including all options). 
SEC. 1682. LAYERED DEFENSE OF THE UNITED STATES HOMELAND. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States should— (1) continue to explore and deploy capabilities that increase the layered defense of the United States homeland; (2) support, if determined by the Secretary of Defense as necessary for the national security of the United States, the deployment of a ground based interceptor site, or potential other ballistic missile defense systems pending successful testing, on the East Coast of the United States that— (A) weighs cost effectiveness and prioritization of capability; and (B) provides for increased protection of the continental United States from North Korean and Iranian threats; (3) support the ability of the Army, the Navy, and the Missile Defense Agency to deploy fixed, semifixed, and mobile atsea and ashore assets to locations to increase the layered defense of all of the United States homeland; and (4) support, as appropriate, further analysis and testing for regional systems to be employed for the layered defense of the United States homeland. (b) CERTIFICATION .—Before the Secretary of Defense makes a potential determination to deploy regional assets to provide missile defense from longer range threats, the Secretary shall certify to the congressional defense committees that such deployment would not pose additional risk to strategic stability. 
SEC. 1683. TESTING OF REDESIGNED KILL VEHICLE PRIOR TO PRODUCTION AND GROUNDBASED MIDCOURSE DEFENSE ACCELERATION OPTIONS. 
(a) S UCCESSFUL TESTING REQUIRED .—Except as provided by subsection (b), the Director of the Missile Defense Agency may not make a lot production decision for the redesigned kill vehicle unless the vehicle has undergone at least one successful flight intercept test that meets the following criteria: (1) The test sufficiently assesses the performance of the vehicle in order to inform a lot production decision. (2) The results of the test demonstrate that the vehicle— (A) will work in an effective manner; and (B) has the ability to accomplish the intended mission of the vehicle. (b) WAIVER .—The Secretary of Defense, without delegation, may waive subsection (a) if— (1) the Secretary determines that the waiver is in the interest of national security; (2) the Secretary determines that the threat of missiles is advancing at a pace that requires additional capacity of the groundbased midcourse system by 2023; (3) the Secretary determines that the waiver is appropriate in light of the assessment conducted by the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation under subsection (c); (4) the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees a report containing— (A) a notice of the waiver, including the rationale of the Secretary for making the waiver; (B) a certification by the Secretary that the Secretary has analyzed and accepts the risk of making and implementing a lot production decision for the redesigned kill vehicle prior to the vehicle undergoing a successful flight intercept test; and (C) the assessment of the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation under subsection (c); and (5) a period of 30 days elapses following the date on which the Secretary submits the report under paragraph (4). (c) ASSESSMENT ON RISKS.—The Director of Operational Test and Evaluation shall submit to the Secretary of Defense an assessment on the risks of making a lot production decision for the redesigned kill vehicle prior to the vehicle undergoing a successful flight intercept test. (d) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on ways the Director could accelerate by at least one year the construction of Missile Field 4 at Fort Greely, Alaska, as well as the deployment of 20 groundbased interceptors with redesigned kill vehicles at such missile field. (2) CONTENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) A threatbased description of the benefits and risks of accelerating the construction and deployment referred to in paragraph (1). (B) A description of the technical and acquisition risks and potential effects on the reliability of the redesigned kill vehicle if deployment is accelerated as described in paragraph (1). (C) A description of the cost implications of accelerating the construction and deployment referred to in paragraph (1). (D) A description of the effect such acceleration would have on the redesigned kill vehicle flight test schedule and the overall integrated master test plan. (E) A description of the effect that the acceleration described in paragraph (1) would have on retipping currently deployed exoatmospheric kill vehicles with the redesigned kill vehicle. (F) A description of how such acceleration would align with the deployment of the long range discrimination radar and the discrimination radar for homeland defense to be made operational in Hawaii. (G) A costbenefit analysis and a feasibility assessment for construction of a fifth missile field at Fort Greely, Alaska. (3) FORM.—The report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1684. REQUIREMENTS FOR BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE CAPABLE SHIPS. 
(a) F ORCE STRUCTURE ASSESSMENT .—The Sec retary of the Navy, in consultation with the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, shall include in the first force structure assessment conducted following the date of the enactment of this Act the following: (1) An assessment of the requirements for ballistic missile defense capable ships. (2) The force structure requirements associated with advanced ballistic missile defense capabilities. (b) FORCE STRUCTURE ASSESSMENT DEFINED .— The term ‘‘force structure assessment’’ has the meaning given the term in Chief of Naval Operations Instruction 3050.27. 
SEC. 1685. MULTIYEAR PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY FOR STANDARD MISSILE–3 IB GUIDED MISSILES. 
(a) A UTHORITY FOR MULTIYEAR PROCURE MENT .—Subject to section 2306b of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may enter into one or more multiyear contracts, beginning with the fiscal year 2019 program year, for the procurement of standard missile–3 block IB guided missiles. (b) AUTHORITY FOR ADVANCE PROCUREMENT .— The Secretary may enter into one or more contracts for advance procurement associated with the missiles for which authorization to enter into a multiyear procurement contract is provided under subsection (a). (c) CONDITION FOR OUTYEAR CONTRACT PAYMENTS .—A contract entered into under subsection (a) shall provide that any obligation of the United States to make a payment under the contract for a fiscal year after fiscal year 2019 is subject to the availability of appropriations for that purpose for such later fiscal year. 
SEC. 1686. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR ARMY LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SENSOR. 
(a) L IMITATION .—If the Secretary of the Army issues an acquisition strategy for a 360degree lower tier air and missile defense sensor pursuant to section 1679(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1774) that proposes such sensor achieve initial operating capability later than December 31, 2023, not more than 50 percent of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for such sensor may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees a report— (1) explaining the rationale of such delayed initial operating capability, including a description of any technological or acquisitionrelated factors causing such delay; and (2) containing a funding profile and schedule to ensure that such sensor would achieve initial operating capability by December 31, 2023. (b) PERFORMANCE SPECIFICATION .—The Sec retary shall ensure that the performance specification of the 360degree lower tier air and missile defense sensor— (1) specifies requirements relating to— (A) detecting and tracking complex attacks from airbreathing threats, tactical ballistic missiles, and emerging hypersonic weapons; and (B) being a key component of the future integrated air and missile defense architecture of the Army and supporting engagements for the full range and capability of Patriot Advanced Capability–3 missile segment enhancement interceptors; and (2) uses evaluation criteria that enable an understanding of the cost and value of procuring such sensor in accordance with such specified requirements. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, and in coordination with relevant Federal and local entities, should— (1) ensure an ontime delivery of the discrimination radar for homeland defense to be made operational in Hawaii; and (2) accelerate the deployment of the radar as much as possible, contingent on the environmental review process pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). (b) CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall certify to the congressional defense committees that— (1) the Director is on schedule to award the contract for the discrimination radar for homeland defense planned to be located in Hawaii by December 31, 2018; and (2) such radar and associated inflight interceptor communications system data terminal will be operational by not later than September 30, 2023. (c) UPDATES .— (1) MONTHLY UPDATES ON DELAYED SCHED ULE.—If the Director has not awarded the contract referred to in subsection (b)(1) by December 31, 2018, on a monthly basis beginning on 
such date and ending on the date on which the Director makes such award, the Director shall provide to the congressional defense committees an update explaining— (A) the rationale for the delay in making such award; and (B) any effects of such delay in making such radar and associated inflight interceptor communications system data terminal operational by not later than September 30, 2023. (2) SEMIANNUAL UPDATES .—Not later than June 3, 2019, and semiannually thereafter through 2021, the Director shall provide to the congressional defense committees an update on— (A) the acquisition of the discrimination radar for homeland defense planned to be located in Hawaii and the associated inflight interceptor communications system data terminal; and (B) the environmental review process for such radar pursuant to the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.). 
SEC. 1688. IRON DOME SHORTRANGE ROCKET DEFENSE SYSTEM AND ISRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE PROGRAM CODEVELOPMENT AND CO PRODUCTION. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the strong and enduring relationship between the United States and Israel is in the national security interest of both countries; and (2) the memorandum of understanding signed by the United States and Israel on September 14, 2016, including the provisions of the memorandum relating to missile and rocket defense cooperation, is a critical component of the bilateral relationship. (b) IRON DOME SHORT RANGE ROCKET DEFENSE SYSTEM .— (1) AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for procurement, Defensewide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, $70,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel, in accordance with the memorandum of understanding signed by the United States and Israel on September 14, 2016, to procure components for the Iron Dome shortrange rocket defense system through co production of such components in the United States by industry of the United States. (2) CONDITIONS .— (A) AGREEMENT .—Funds described in paragraph (1) for the Iron Dome shortrange rocket defense program shall be available subject to the terms and conditions in the Agreement Between the Department of Defense of the United States of America and the Ministry of Defense of the State of Israel Concerning Iron Dome Defense System Procurement, signed on March 5, 2014, as amended to include coproduction for Tamir interceptors. (B) CERTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days prior to the initial obligation of funds described in paragraph (1), the Director of the Missile Defense Agency and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees— (i) a certification that the amended bilateral international agreement specified in subparagraph (A) is being implemented as provided in such agreement; and (ii) an assessment detailing any risks relating to the implementation of such agreement. (c) ISRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE  PROGRAM , DAVID’SSLING WEAPON SYSTEM CO 
PRODUCTION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement, Defensewide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, $50,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel, in accordance with the memorandum of understanding signed by the United States and Israel on September 14, 2016, to procure the David’s Sling Weapon System, including for co production of parts and components in the United States by United States industry. (2) CERTIFICATION .—The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a certification that— (A) the Government of Israel has demonstrated the successful completion of the knowledge points, technical milestones, and production readiness reviews required by the research, development, and technology agreement and the bilateral coproduction agreement for the David’s Sling Weapon System; (B) funds specified in paragraph (1) will be provided on the basis of a oneforone cash match made by Israel or in another matching amount that otherwise meets best efforts (as mutually agreed to by the United States and Israel); and (C) the level of coproduction of parts, components, and allup rounds (if appropriate) in the United States by United States industry for the David’s Sling Weapon System is not less than 50 percent. (d) ISRAELI COOPERATIVE MISSILE DEFENSE  PROGRAM , ARROW 3 UPPER TIERINTERCEPTOR  PROGRAM COPRODUCTION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), of the funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019 for procurement, Defensewide, and available for the Missile Defense Agency, $80,000,000 may be provided to the Government of Israel, in accordance with the memorandum of understanding signed by the United States and Israel on September 14, 2016, for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program, including for coproduction of parts and components in the United States by United States industry. (2) CERTIFICATION .—Except as provided by paragraph (3), the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a certification that— (A) the Government of Israel has demonstrated the successful completion of the knowledge points, technical milestones, and production readiness reviews required by the research, development, and technology agreements for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; (B) funds specified in paragraph (1) will be provided on the basis of a oneforone cash match made by Israel or in another matching amount that otherwise meets best efforts (as mutually agreed to by the United States and Israel); (C) the United States has entered into a bilateral international agreement with Israel that establishes, with respect to the use of such funds— (i) in accordance with subparagraph (D), the terms of coproduction of parts and components on the basis of the greatest practicable coproduction of parts, components, and allup rounds (if appropriate) by United States industry and minimizes nonrecurring engineering and facilitization expenses to the costs needed for co production; (ii) complete transparency on the requirement of Israel for the number of interceptors and batteries that will be procured, including with respect to the procurement plans, acquisition strategy, and funding profiles of Israel; (iii) technical milestones for coproduction of parts and components and procurement; (iv) a joint affordability working group to consider cost reduction initiatives; and (v) joint approval processes for thirdparty sales; and (D) the level of coproduction described in subparagraph (C)(i) for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program is not less than 50 percent. (3) WAIVER .—The Under Secretary may waive the certification required by paragraph (2) if the Under Secretary certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the Under Secretary has received sufficient data from the Government of Israel to demonstrate— (A) the funds specified in paragraph (1) are provided to Israel solely for funding the procurement of longlead components and critical hardware in accordance with a production plan, including a funding profile detailing Israeli contributions for production, including longlead production, of the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; (B) such longlead components have successfully completed knowledge points, technical milestones, and production readiness reviews; and (C) the longlead procurement will be conducted in a manner that maximizes coproduction in the United States without incurring nonrecurring engineering activity or cost other than such activity or cost required for suppliers of the United States to start or restart production in the United States. (e) NUMBER .—In carrying out paragraph (2) of subsection (c) and paragraph (2) of subsection (d), the Under Secretary may submit— (1) one certification covering both the David’s Sling Weapon System and the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program; or (2) separate certifications for each respective system. (f) TIMING .—The Under Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the certifications under paragraph (2) of subsection (c) and paragraph (2) of subsection (d) by not later than 60 days before the funds specified in paragraph (1) of subsections (c) and (d) for the respective system covered by the certification are provided to the Government of Israel. (g) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
(a) A CCELERATION OF PROGRAM .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Director of the Missile Defense Agency shall accelerate the hypersonic missile defense program of the Missile Defense Agency. (b) DEPLOYMENT .—The Director shall deploy such program in conjunction with a persistent spacebased missile defense sensor program. (c) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Director shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on how hypersonic missile defense can be accelerated to meet emerging hypersonic threats. (2) CONTENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) An estimate of the cost of the acceleration described in such paragraph. (B) The technical requirements and acquisition plan needed for the Director to develop and deploy a hypersonic missile defense program. (C) A testing campaign plan that accelerates the delivery of hypersonic defense systems to the warfighter. (3) FORM.—The report required by paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Ballistic Missile Defense Review that commenced in 2017 is published, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that addresses the implications of the recommendations of the Ballistic Missile Defense Review on current programs of record, costs and resource prioritization, and strategic stability. (b) CBO REPORT ON COSTS.— (1) REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date on which the Ballistic Missile Defense Review that commenced in 2017 is published, the Director of the Congressional Budget Office 
shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report setting forth an estimate of the costs over the 10year period beginning on the date of the report associated with implementing any recommendations of the Ballistic Missile Defense Review. (2) FORM.—The report under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
SEC. 1691. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON ALLIED PARTNERSHIPS FOR MISSILE DEFENSE. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the United States should seek additional opportunities, at the tactical, operational, and strategic levels, to provide missile defense capabilities, doctrine, interoperability, and planning to allies and trusted partners of the United States; (2) an expedited foreign military sales arrangement would be beneficial in delivering such missile defenses to allies and trusted partners; and (3) it is important to continue to work with allies and trusted partners to learn from their experience deploying successful missile defense technologies. 
SEC. 1692. SENSE OF CONGRESS ON TESTING BY MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) the Missile Defense Agency should, as part of the test program of the Agency, continue to build an independently accredited modeling and simulation element to better inform missile defense performance assessments and test criteria; and (2) the Missile Defense Agency should continue to pursue an increasingly rigorous testing regime, in coordination with the Director of Operational Test and Evaluation, to more rapidly deliver capabilities to the warfighter as the threat evolves. Subtitle F—Other Matters 
SEC. 1695. EXTENSION OF COMMISSION TO ASSESS THE THREAT TO THE UNITED STATES FROM ELECTROMAGNETIC PULSE ATTACKS AND SIMILAR EVENTS. 
Section 1691 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1786) is amended— (1) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘April 1, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘April 1, 2020’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2019’’; and (2) in subsection (h), by striking ‘‘October 1, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2020’’. 
SEC. 1696. PROCUREMENT OF AMMONIUM PERCHLORATE AND OTHER CHEMICALS FOR USE IN SOLID ROCKET MOTORS. 
(a) B USINESS CASEANALYSIS .— (1) GOVERNMENT OWNED , CONTRACTOR OPER ATED.—The Secretary of the Army and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment shall jointly conduct a business case analysis of the Federal Government using a Governmentowned, contractoroperated model to ensure a robust domestic industrial base to supply specialty chemicals, including ammonium perchlorate, for use in solid rocket motors. Such analysis shall include assessments of the near and longterm costs, operating and sustainment costs, program impacts, opportunities for competition, opportunities for redundant or complementary capabilities, and national security implications of using such a model. (2) REPORT .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary and the Under Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the business case analysis conducted under paragraph (1). (b) ANNUAL REPORTS ON CERTAIN SOLID ROCKETMOTORS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2018, and each year thereafter through 2021, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees an annual report on rockets or missiles provided to the Department of Defense during the year covered by the report that use a solid rocket motor that was, in whole or in part, recovered or recycled from a rocket motor previously owned by the Department of Defense. (2) MATTERS INCLUDED .—Each report under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to the year covered by the report, the following: (A) An identification of which rockets or missiles covered by the report use recycled ammonium perchlorate. (B) The quantity of such recovered or recycled ammonium perchlorate. (C) Whether any of the solid rocket propellant, or sodium perchlorate precursor, to be used in the rocket or missile is imported from a foreign country, and if so, the identity of the country. (D) Any other information the Secretary determines appropriate. 
SEC. 1697. BUDGET EXHIBIT ON SUPPORT PROVIDED TO ENTITIES OUTSIDE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall include in the budget justification materials submitted to Congress in support of the Department of Defense budget for each fiscal year (as submitted with the budget of the President under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code) a single budget exhibit containing relevant details pertaining to support provided by the Department of Defense to the Executive Office of the President related to senior leader communications and continuity of Government programs. (b) INCLUSIONS .—The budget exhibit required by subsection (a) shall include— (1) support provided by the White House Military Office, the White House Communications Agency, special mission area activities of the Defense Information Systems Agency, and other relevant programs; and (2) specific appropriation and line numbers where appropriate. (c) FORM.—The budget exhibit required by subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. 
(a) V ALIDATED REQUIREMENTS .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a validated requirement for ground, sea, or air launched (or a combination thereof) conventional prompt global strike hypersonic capabilities. (b) REPORT .—Not later than January 31, 2019, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that contains the following: (1) A plan to deliver a conventional prompt global strike weapon system that— (A) is in accordance with section 1693 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1791); and (B) includes— (i) options with cost estimates for accelerating the initial capability for such system; and (ii) a description of policy decisions by the Secretary of Defense that are necessary to employ hypersonic offense capabilities from each potential launch platform of such system. (2) Details with respect to the assessed level of ambiguity and misinterpretation risk relating to the conventional prompt global strike weapon system, including such potential risks associated with weapon ambiguity (including if adversary sensors are degraded), perceptions of the survivability of strategic nuclear forces, and likely adversary responses. (3) A description of whether, when, and how the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy would address the risks identified under paragraph (2) in developing and deploying the conventional prompt global strike weapon system and in developing the concept of operations for such system. SEC. 1699. REPORT REGARDING INDUSTRIAL BASE FOR LARGE SOLID ROCKET MOTORS. 
(a) R EPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than April 15, 2019, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments that the Under Secretary determines appropriate, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on whether, and if so, how, the Federal Government will sustain more than one supplier for large solid rocket motors. (2) MATTERS INCLUDED .—The report under paragraph (1) shall include an assessment of the following: (A) The risks within the industrial base for large solid rocket motors, including the risks to national security. (B) The near and longterm costs associated with having a single source of large solid rocket motors as compared to having more than one such source. (C) Options for sustaining more than one supplier for large solid rocket motors, including through leveraging— (i) the groundbased strategic deterrent program; (ii) the Trident II D5 fleet ballistic missile program; (iii) the groundbased midcourse defense program; (iv) national security space launch programs; (v) programs of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration; and (vi) any other applicable programs that use or may use solid rocket motors of any size, including with respect to substrategic and tactical systems. (b) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Science, Space, and Technology and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (3) The Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate. TITLE XVII—REVIEW OF FOREIGN INVESTMENT AND EXPORT CONTROLS Subtitle A—Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States Sec. 1701. Short title: Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018. Sec. 1702. Findings; sense of Congress. Sec. 1703. Definitions. Sec. 1704. Acceptance of written notices. Sec. 1705. Inclusion of partnership and side agreements in notice. Sec. 1706. Declarations for certain covered transactions. Sec. 1707. Stipulations regarding transactions. Sec. 1708. Authority for unilateral initiation of reviews. Sec. 1709. Timing for reviews and investigations. Sec. 1710. Identification of nonnotified and nondeclared transactions. Sec. 1711. Submission of certifications to Congress. Sec. 1712. Analysis by Director of National Intelligence. Sec. 1713. Information sharing. Sec. 1714. Action by the President. Sec. 1715. Judicial review. Sec. 1716. Considerations for regulations. Sec. 1717. Membership and staff of Committee. Sec. 1718. Actions by the Committee to address national security risks. Sec. 1719. Modification of annual report and other reporting requirements. 
Sec. 1720. Certification of notices and information. Sec. 1721. Implementation plans. Sec. 1722. Assessment of need for additional resources for Committee. Sec. 1723. Funding. Sec. 1724. Centralization of certain Committee functions. Sec. 1725. Conforming amendments. Sec. 1726. Briefing on information from transactions reviewed by Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States relating to foreign efforts to influence democratic institutions and processes. Sec. 1727. Effective date. Sec. 1728. Severability. Subtitle B—Export Control Reform Sec. 1741. Short title. Sec. 1742. Definitions. PARTI—A UTHORITY AND ADMINISTRATION OF  CONTROLS  Sec. 1751. Short title. Sec. 1752. Statement of policy. Sec. 1753. Authority of the President. Sec. 1754. Additional authorities. Sec. 1755. Administration of export controls. Sec. 1756. Licensing. Sec. 1757. Compliance assistance. Sec. 1758. Requirements to identify and control the export of emerging and foundational technologies. Sec. 1759. Review relating to countries subject to comprehensive United States arms embargo. Sec. 1760. Penalties. Sec. 1761. Enforcement. Sec. 1762. Administrative procedure. Sec. 1763. Review of interagency dispute resolution process. Sec. 1764. Consultation with other agencies on commodity classification. Sec. 1765. Annual report to Congress. Sec. 1766. Repeal. Sec. 1767. Effect on other Acts. Sec. 1768. Transition provisions. PARTII—A NTIBOYCOTT ACT OF 2018 Sec. 1771. Short title. Sec. 1772. Statement of policy. Sec. 1773. Foreign boycotts. Sec. 1774. Enforcement. PARTIII—A DMINISTRATIVE AUTHORITIES  Sec. 1781. Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous Sec. 1791. Extension of authority. Sec. 1792. Limitation on cancellation of designation of Secretary of the Air Force as Department of Defense Executive Agent for a certain Defense Production Act program. Sec. 1793. Review of and report on certain defense technologies critical to the United States maintaining superior military capabilities. Subtitle A—Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States 
SEC. 1701. SHORT TITLE: FOREIGN INVESTMENT RISK REVIEW MODERNIZATION ACT OF 2018. 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018’’. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) According to a February 2016 report by the International Trade Administration of the Department of Commerce, 12,000,000 United States workers, equivalent to 8.5 percent of the labor force, have jobs resulting from foreign investment, including 3,500,000 jobs in the manufacturing sector alone. (2) In 2016, new foreign direct investment in United States manufacturing totaled $129,400,000,000. (3) The Bureau of Economic Analysis of the Department of Commerce concluded that, in 2015— (A) foreignowned affiliates in the United States— (i) contributed $894,500,000,000 in value added to the United States economy; (ii) exported goods valued at $352,800,000,000, accounting for nearly a quarter of total exports of goods from the United States; and (iii) undertook $56,700,000,000 in research and development; and (B) the 7 countries investing the most in the United States, all of which are United States allies (the United Kingdom, Japan, Germany, France, Canada, Switzerland, and the Netherlands) accounted for 72.1 percent of the value added by foreignowned affiliates in the United States and more than 80 percent of research and development expenditures by such entities. (4) According to the Government Accountability Office, from 2011 to 2016, the number of transactions reviewed by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (commonly referred to as ‘‘CFIUS’’) grew by 55 percent, while the staff of the Committees assigned to the reviews increased by 11 percent. (5) According to a February 2018 report of the Government Accountability Office on the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (GAO–18–249): ‘‘Officials from Treasury and other member agencies are aware of pressures on their CFIUS staff given the current workload and have expressed concerns about possible workload increases.’’. The Government Accountability Office concluded: ‘‘Without attaining an understanding of the staffing levels needed to address the current and future CFIUS workload, particularly if legislative changes to CFIUS’s authorities further expand its workload, CFIUS may be limited in its ability to fulfill its objectives and address threats to the national security of the United States.’’. (6) On March 30, 1954, Dwight David Eisenhower—fivestar general, Supreme Allied Commander, and 34th President of the United States—in his ‘‘Special Message to the Congress on Foreign Economic Policy’’, counseled: ‘‘Great mutual advantages to buyer and seller, to producer and consumer, to investor and to the community where investment is made, accrue from high levels of trade and investment.’’. President Eisenhower continued: ‘‘The internal strength of the American economy has evolved from such a system of mutual advantage. In the press of other problems and in the haste to meet emergencies, this nation—and many other nations of the free world—have all too often lost sight of this central fact.’’. President Eisenhower concluded: ‘‘If we fail in our trade policy, we may fail in all. Our domestic employment, our standard of living, our security, and the solidarity of the free world—all are involved.’’. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) foreign investment provides substantial economic benefits to the United States, including the promotion of economic growth, productivity, competitiveness, and job creation, thereby enhancing national security; (2) maintaining the commitment of the United States to an open investment policy encourages other countries to reciprocate and helps open new foreign markets for United States businesses; (3) it should continue to be the policy of the United States to enthusiastically welcome and support foreign investment, consistent with the protection of national security; (4) at the same time, the national security landscape has shifted in recent years, and so has the nature of the investments that pose the greatest potential risk to national security, which warrants an appropriate modernization of the processes and authorities of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and of the United States export control system; (5) the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States plays a critical role in protecting the national security of the United States, and, therefore, it is essential that the member agencies of the Committee are adequately resourced and able to hire appropriately qualified individuals in a timely manner, and that those individuals’ security clearances are processed as a high priority; (6) the President should conduct a more robust international outreach effort to urge and help allies and partners of the United States to establish processes that are similar to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to screen foreign investments for national security risks and to facilitate coordination; (7) the President should lead a collaborative effort with allies and partners of the United States to strengthen the multilateral export control regime; (8) any penalties imposed by the United States Government with respect to an individual or entity pursuant to a determination that the individual or entity has violated sanctions imposed by the United States or the export control laws of the United States should not be reversed for reasons unrelated to the national security of the United States; and (9) the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States should continue to review transactions for the purpose of protecting national security and should not consider issues of national interest absent a national security nexus. (c) SENSE OF CONGRESS ON CONSIDERATION OF  COVERED TRANSACTIONS .—It is the sense of Congress that, when considering national security risks, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States may consider— (1) whether a covered transaction involves a country of special concern that has a demonstrated or declared strategic goal of acquiring a type of critical technology or critical infrastructure that would affect United States leadership in areas related to national security; (2) the potential national securityrelated effects of the cumulative control of, or pattern of recent transactions involving, any one type of critical infrastructure, energy asset, critical material, or critical technology by a foreign government or foreign person; (3) whether any foreign person engaging in a covered transaction with a United States business has a history of complying with United States laws and regulations; (4) the control of United States industries and commercial activity by foreign persons as it affects the capability and capacity of the United States to meet the requirements of national security, including the availability of human resources, products, technology, materials, and other supplies and services, and in considering ‘‘the availability of human resources’’, should construe that term to include potential losses of such availability resulting from reductions in the employment of United States persons whose knowledge or skills are critical to national security, including the continued production in the United States of items that are likely to be acquired by the Department of Defense or other Federal departments or agencies for the advancement of the national security of the United States; (5) the extent to which a covered transaction is likely to expose, either directly or indirectly, personally identifiable information, genetic information, or other sensitive data of United States citizens to access by a foreign government or foreign person that may exploit that information in a manner that threatens national security; and (6) whether a covered transaction is likely to have the effect of exacerbating or creating new cybersecurity vulnerabilities in the United States or is likely to result in a foreign government gaining a significant new capability to engage in malicious cyberenabled activities 
against the United States, including such activities designed to affect the outcome of any election for Federal office. 
Section 721(a) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) CLARIFICATION .—The term ‘national security’ shall be construed so as to include those issues relating to ‘homeland security’, including its application to critical infrastructure. ‘‘(2) COMMITTEE ; CHAIRPERSON .—The terms ‘Committee’ and ‘chairperson’ mean the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and the chairperson thereof, respectively. ‘‘(3) CONTROL .—The term ‘control’ means the power, direct or indirect, whether exercised or not exercised, to determine, direct, or decide important matters affecting an entity, subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(4) COVERED TRANSACTION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided, the term ‘covered transaction’ means— ‘‘(i) any transaction described in subparagraph (B)(i); and ‘‘(ii) any transaction described in clauses (ii) through (v) of subparagraph (B) that is proposed, pending, or completed on or after the effective date set forth in section 1727 of the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018. ‘‘(B) TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED .—A trans action described in this subparagraph is any of the following: ‘‘(i) Any merger, acquisition, or takeover that is proposed or pending after August 23, 1988, by or with any foreign person that could result in foreign control of any United States business, including such a merger, acquisition, or takeover carried out through a joint venture. ‘‘(ii) Subject to subparagraphs (C) and (E), the purchase or lease by, or a concession to, a foreign person of private or public real estate that— ‘‘(I) is located in the United States; ‘‘(II)(aa) is, is located within, or will function as part of, an air or maritime port; or ‘‘(bb)(AA) is in close proximity to a United States military installation or another facility or property of the United States Government that is sensitive for reasons relating to national security; ‘‘(BB) could reasonably provide the foreign person the ability to collect intelligence on activities being conducted at such an installation, facility, or property; or ‘‘(CC) could otherwise expose national security activities at such an installation, facility, or property to the risk of foreign surveillance; and ‘‘(III) meets such other criteria as the Committee prescribes by regulation, except that such criteria may not expand the categories of real estate to which this clause applies beyond the categories described in subclause (II). ‘‘(iii) Any other investment, subject to regulations prescribed under subparagraphs (D) and (E), by a foreign person in any unaffiliated United States business that— ‘‘(I) owns, operates, manufactures, supplies, or services critical infrastructure; ‘‘(II) produces, designs, tests, manufactures, fabricates, or develops one or more critical technologies; or ‘‘(III) maintains or collects sensitive personal data of United States citizens that may be exploited in a manner that threatens national security. ‘‘(iv) Any change in the rights that a foreign person has with respect to a United States business in which the foreign person has an investment, if that change could result in— ‘‘(I) foreign control of the United States business; or ‘‘(II) an investment described in clause (iii). ‘‘(v) Any other transaction, transfer, agreement, or arrangement, the structure of which is designed or intended to evade or circumvent the application of this section, subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(C) REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS .— ‘‘(i) EXCEPTION FOR CERTAIN REAL ESTATE  
TRANSACTIONS .—A real estate purchase, lease, or concession described in subparagraph (B)(ii) does not include a purchase, lease, or concession of— ‘‘(I) a single ‘housing unit’, as defined by the Census Bureau; or ‘‘(II) real estate in ‘urbanized areas’, as defined by the Census Bureau in the most recent census, except as otherwise prescribed by the Committee in regulations in consultation with the Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(ii) DEFINITION OF CLOSE PROXIMITY .—With respect to a real estate purchase, lease, or concession described in subparagraph (B)(ii)(II)(bb)(AA), the Committee shall prescribe regulations to ensure that the term ‘close proximity’ refers only to a distance or distances within which the purchase, lease, or concession of real estate could pose a national security risk in connection with a United States military installation or another facility or property of the United States Government described in that subparagraph. ‘‘(D) OTHER INVESTMENTS .— ‘‘(i) OTHER INVESTMENT DEFINED .—For pur poses of subparagraph (B)(iii), the term ‘other investment’ means an investment, direct or indirect, by a foreign person in a United States business described in that subparagraph that is not an investment described in subparagraph (B)(i) and that affords the foreign person— ‘‘(I) access to any material nonpublic technical information in the possession of the United States business; ‘‘(II) membership or observer rights on the board of directors or equivalent governing body of the United States business or the right to nominate an individual to a position on the board of directors or equivalent governing body; or ‘‘(III) any involvement, other than through voting of shares, in substantive decisionmaking of the United States business regarding— ‘‘(aa) the use, development, acquisition, safekeeping, or release of sensitive personal data of United States citizens maintained or collected by the United States business; ‘‘(bb) the use, development acquisition, or release of critical technologies; or ‘‘(cc) the management, operation, manufacture, or supply of critical infrastructure. ‘‘(ii) MATERIAL NONPUBLIC TECHNICAL INFOR MATION DEFINED .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of clause (i)(I), and subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee, the term ‘material nonpublic technical information’ means information that— ‘‘(aa) provides knowledge, knowhow, or understanding, not available in the public domain, of the design, location, or operation of critical infrastructure; or ‘‘(bb) is not available in the public domain, and is necessary to design, fabricate, develop, test, produce, or manufacture critical technologies, including processes, techniques, or methods. ‘‘(II) EXEMPTION FOR FINANCIAL INFORMA TION.—Notwithstanding subclause (I), for purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘material nonpublic technical information’ does not include financial information regarding the performance of a United States business. ‘‘(iii) REGULATIONS .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations providing guidance on the types of transactions that the Committee considers to be ‘other investment’ for purposes of subparagraph (B)(iii). ‘‘(II) UNITED STATES BUSINESSES THAT OWN , 
CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—The regulations prescribed by the Committee with respect to an investment described in subparagraph (B)(iii)(I) shall— ‘‘(aa) specify the critical infrastructure subject to that subparagraph based on criteria intended to limit application of that subparagraph to the subset of critical infrastructure that is likely to be of importance to the national security of the United States; and ‘‘(bb) enumerate specific types and examples of such critical infrastructure. ‘‘(iv) SPECIFIC CLARIFICATION FOR INVESTMENT  
INVESTMENTS .—Notwithstanding clause (i)(II) and subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee, an indirect investment by a foreign person in a United States business described in subparagraph (B)(iii) through an investment fund that affords the foreign person (or a designee of the foreign person) membership as a limited partner or equivalent on an advisory board or a committee of the fund shall not be considered an ‘other investment’ for purposes of subparagraph (B)(iii) if— ‘‘(aa) the fund is managed exclusively by a general partner, a managing member, or an equivalent; ‘‘(bb) the general partner, managing member, or equivalent is not a foreign person; ‘‘(cc) the advisory board or committee does not have the ability to approve, disapprove, or otherwise control— ‘‘(AA) investment decisions of the fund; or ‘‘(BB) decisions made by the general partner, managing member, or equivalent related to entities in which the fund is invested; ‘‘(dd) the foreign person does not otherwise have the ability to control the fund, including the authority— ‘‘(AA) to approve, disapprove, or otherwise control investment decisions of the fund; ‘‘(BB) to approve, disapprove, or otherwise control decisions made by the general partner, managing member, or equivalent related to entities in which the fund is invested; or ‘‘(CC) to unilaterally dismiss, prevent the dismissal of, select, or determine the compensation of the general partner, managing member, or equivalent; ‘‘(ee) the foreign person does not have access to material nonpublic technical information as a result of its participation on the advisory board or committee; and ‘‘(ff) the investment otherwise meets the requirements of this subparagraph. ‘‘(II) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN WAIVERS .— ‘‘(aa) IN GENERAL .—For the purposes of items (cc) and (dd) of subclause (I) and except as provided in item (bb), a waiver of a potential conflict of interest, a waiver of an allocation limitation, or a similar activity, applicable to a transaction pursuant to the terms of an agreement governing an investment fund shall not be considered to constitute control of investment decisions of the fund or decisions relating to entities in which the fund is invested. ‘‘(bb) EXCEPTION .—The Committee may prescribe regulations providing for exceptions to item (aa) for extraordinary circumstances. ‘‘(v) EXCEPTION FOR AIR CARRIERS .—For pur poses of subparagraph (B)(iii), the term ‘other investment’ does not include an investment involving an air carrier, as defined in section 40102(a)(2) of title 49, United States Code, that holds a certificate issued under section 41102 of that title. ‘‘(vi) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Any definition of ‘critical infrastructure’ established under any provision of law other than this section shall not be determinative for purposes of this section. ‘‘(E) COUNTRY SPECIFICATION .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations that further define the term ‘foreign person’ for purposes of clauses (ii) and (iii) of subparagraph (B). In prescribing such regulations, the Committee shall specify criteria to limit the application of such clauses to the investments of certain categories of foreign persons. Such criteria shall take into consideration how a foreign person is connected to a foreign country or foreign government, and 
whether the connection may affect the national security of the United States. ‘‘(F) TRANSFERS OF CERTAIN ASSETS PURSUANT  
TO BANKRUPTCY PROCEEDINGS OR OTHER DE FAULTS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations to clarify that the term ‘covered transaction’ includes any transaction described in subparagraph (B) that arises pursuant to a bankruptcy proceeding or other form of default on debt. ‘‘(5) CRITICAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—The term ‘critical infrastructure’ means, subject to regulations prescribed by the Committee, systems and assets, whether physical or virtual, so vital to the United States that the incapacity or destruction of such systems or assets would have a debilitating impact on national security. ‘‘(6) CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘critical technologies’ means the following: ‘‘(i) Defense articles or defense services included on the United States Munitions List set forth in the International Traffic in Arms Regulations under subchapter M of chapter I of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(ii) Items included on the Commerce Control List set forth in Supplement No. 1 to part 774 of the Export Administration Regulations under subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, and controlled— ‘‘(I) pursuant to multilateral regimes, including for reasons relating to national security, chemical and biological weapons proliferation, nuclear nonproliferation, or missile technology; or ‘‘(II) for reasons relating to regional stability or surreptitious listening. ‘‘(iii) Specially designed and prepared nuclear equipment, parts and components, materials, software, and technology covered by part 810 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to assistance to foreign atomic energy activities). ‘‘(iv) Nuclear facilities, equipment, and material covered by part 110 of title 10, Code of Federal Regulations (relating to export and import of nuclear equipment and material). ‘‘(v) Select agents and toxins covered by part 331 of title 7, Code of Federal Regulations, part 121 of title 9 of such Code, or part 73 of title 42 of such Code. ‘‘(vi) Emerging and foundational technologies controlled pursuant to section 1758 of the Export Control Reform Act of 2018. ‘‘(B) RECOMMENDATIONS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The chairperson may recommend technologies for identification under the interagency process set forth in section 1758(a) of the Export Control Reform Act of 2018. ‘‘(ii) MATTERS INFORMING RECOMMENDA TIONS .—Recommendations by the chairperson under clause (i) shall draw upon information arising from reviews and investigations conducted under subsection (b), notices submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i), declarations filed under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v), and nonnotified and nondeclared transactions identified under subsection (b)(1)(H). ‘‘(7) FOREIGN GOVERNMENT CONTROLLED  
TRANSACTION .—The term ‘foreign government controlled transaction’ means any covered transaction that could result in the control of any United States business by a foreign government or an entity controlled by or acting on behalf of a foreign government. ‘‘(8) INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .—The term ‘intelligence community’ has the meaning given that term in section 3(4) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3003(4)). ‘‘(9) INVESTMENT .—The term ‘investment’ means the acquisition of equity interest, including contingent equity interest, as further defined in regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(10) LEAD AGENCY .—The term ‘lead agency’ means the agency or agencies designated as the lead agency or agencies pursuant to subsection (k)(5). ‘‘(11) PARTY.—The term ‘party’ has the meaning given that term in regulations prescribed by the Committee. ‘‘(12) UNITED STATES .—The term ‘United States’ means the several States, the District of Columbia, and any territory or possession of the United States. ‘‘(13) UNITED STATES BUSINESS .—The term ‘United States business’ means a person engaged in interstate commerce in the United States.’’. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C)(i) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)(i)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any party’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—Any party’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(II) COMMENTS AND ACCEPTANCE .— ‘‘(aa) IN GENERAL .—Subject to item (cc), the Committee shall provide comments on a draft or formal written notice or accept a formal written notice submitted under subclause (I) with respect to a covered transaction not later than the date that is 10 business days after the date of submission of the draft or formal written notice. ‘‘(bb) COMPLETENESS .—If the Committee determines that a draft or formal written notice described in item (aa) is not complete, the Committee shall notify the party or parties to the transaction in writing that the notice is not complete and provide an explanation of all material respects in which the notice is incomplete. ‘‘(cc) STIPULATIONS REQUIRED .—The timing requirement under item (aa) shall apply only in a case in which the parties stipulate under clause (vi) that the transaction is a covered transaction.’’. 
SEC. 1705. INCLUSION OF PARTNERSHIP AND SIDE AGREEMENTS IN NOTICE. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) INCLUSION OF PARTNERSHIP AND SIDE  
AGREEMENTS .—The Committee may require a written notice submitted under clause (i) to include a copy of any partnership agreements, integration agreements, or other side agreements relating to the transaction, as specified in regulations prescribed by the Committee.’’. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)), as amended by section 1705, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) DECLARATIONS FOR CERTAIN COVERED  
TRANSACTIONS .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—A party to any covered transaction may submit to the Committee a declaration with basic information regarding the transaction instead of a written notice under clause (i). ‘‘(II) REGULATIONS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations establishing requirements for declarations submitted under this clause. In prescribing such regulations, the Committee shall ensure that such declarations are submitted as abbreviated notifications that would not generally exceed 5 pages in length. ‘‘(III) COMMITTEE RESPONSE TO DECLARA TION.— ‘‘(aa) IN GENERAL .—Upon receiving a declaration under this clause with respect to a covered transaction, the Committee may, at the discretion of the Committee— ‘‘(AA) request that the parties to the transaction file a written notice under clause (i); ‘‘(BB) inform the parties to the transaction that the Committee is not able to complete action under this section with respect to the transaction on the basis of the declaration and that the parties may file a written notice under clause (i) to seek written notification from the Committee that the Committee has completed all action under this section with respect to the transaction; ‘‘(CC) initiate a unilateral review of the transaction under subparagraph (D); or ‘‘(DD) notify the parties in writing that the Committee has completed all action under this section with respect to the transaction. ‘‘(bb) TIMING .—The Committee shall take action under item (aa) not later than 30 days after receiving a declaration under this clause. ‘‘(cc) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subclause (other than item (aa)(CC)) shall be construed to affect the authority of the President or the Committee to take any action authorized by this section with respect to a covered transaction. ‘‘(IV) MANDATORY DECLARATIONS .— ‘‘(aa) REGULATIONS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations specifying the types of covered transactions for which the Committee requires a declaration under this subclause. ‘‘(bb) CERTAIN COVERED TRANSACTIONS WITH  
FOREIGN GOVERNMENT INTERESTS .— ‘‘(AA) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subitem (BB), the parties to a covered transaction shall submit a declaration described in subclause (I) with respect to the transaction if the transaction involves an investment that results in the acquisition, directly or indirectly, of a substantial interest in a United States business described in subsection (a)(4)(B)(iii) by a foreign person in which a foreign government has, directly or indirectly, a substantial interest. ‘‘(BB) SUBSTANTIAL INTEREST DEFINED .—In this item, the term ‘substantial interest’ has the meaning given that term in regulations which the Committee shall prescribe. In developing those regulations, the Committee shall consider the means by which a foreign government could influence the actions of a foreign person, including through board membership, ownership interest, or shareholder rights. An interest that is excluded under subparagraph (D) of subsection (a)(4) from the term ‘other investment’ as used in subparagraph (B)(iii) of that subsection or that is less than a 10 percent voting interest shall not be considered a substantial interest. ‘‘(CC) WAIVER .—The Committee may waive, with respect to a foreign person, the requirement under subitem (AA) for the submission of a declaration described in subclause (I) if the Committee determines that the foreign person demonstrates that the investments of the foreign person are not directed by a foreign government and the foreign person has a history of cooperation with the Committee. ‘‘(cc) OTHER DECLARATIONS REQUIRED BY COM MITTEE .—The Committee may require the submission of a declaration described in subclause (I) with respect to any covered transaction identified under regulations prescribed by the Committee for purposes of this item, at the discretion of the Committee, that involves a United States business described in subsection (a)(4)(B)(iii)(II). ‘‘(dd) EXCEPTION .—The submission of a declaration described in subclause (I) shall not be required pursuant to this subclause with respect to an investment by an investment fund if— ‘‘(AA) the fund is managed exclusively by a general partner, a managing member, or an equivalent; ‘‘(BB) the general partner, managing member, or equivalent is not a foreign person; and ‘‘(CC) the investment fund satisfies, with respect to any foreign person with membership as a limited partner on an advisory board or a committee of the fund, the criteria specified in items (cc) and (dd) of subsection (a)(4)(D)(iv). ‘‘(ee) SUBMISSION OF WRITTEN NOTICE AS AN  
ALTERNATIVE .—Parties to a covered transaction for which a declaration is required under this subclause may instead elect to submit a written notice under clause (i). ‘‘(ff) TIMING AND REFILING OF SUBMISSION .— ‘‘(AA) IN GENERAL .—In the regulations prescribed under item (aa), the Committee may not require a declaration to be submitted under this subclause with respect to a covered transaction more than 45 days before the completion of the transaction. 
‘‘(BB) R EFILING OF DECLARATION .—The Committee may not request or recommend that a declaration submitted under this subclause be withdrawn and refiled, except to permit parties to a covered transaction to correct material errors or omissions in the declaration submitted with respect to that transaction. ‘‘(gg) PENALTIES .—The Committee may impose a penalty pursuant to subsection (h)(3) with respect to a party that fails to comply with this subclause.’’. 
Section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)(C)), as amended by section 1706, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(vi) STIPULATIONS REGARDING TRANS ACTIONS .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—In a written notice submitted under clause (i) or a declaration submitted under clause (v) with respect to a transaction, a party to the transaction may— ‘‘(aa) stipulate that the transaction is a covered transaction; and ‘‘(bb) if the party stipulates that the transaction is a covered transaction under item (aa), stipulate that the transaction is a foreign governmentcontrolled transaction. ‘‘(II) BASIS FOR STIPULATION .—A written notice submitted under clause (i) or a declaration submitted under clause (v) that includes a stipulation under subclause (I) shall include a description of the basis for the stipulation.’’. 
Section 721(b)(1) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (E) and (F) as subparagraphs (F) and (G), respectively; (2) in subparagraph (D)— (A) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘subparagraph (F)’’ and inserting ‘‘subparagraph (G)’’; (B) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘(other than a covered transaction described in subparagraph (E))’’ after ‘‘any covered transaction’’; (C) by striking clause (ii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(ii) any covered transaction described in subparagraph (E), if any party to the transaction submitted false or misleading material information to the Committee in connection with the Committee’s consideration of the transaction or omitted material information, including material documents, from information submitted to the Committee; or’’; and (D) in clause (iii)— (i) in the matter preceding subclause (I), by striking ‘‘any covered transaction that has previously been reviewed or investigated under this section,’’ and inserting ‘‘any covered transaction described in subparagraph (E),’’; (ii) in subclause (I), by striking ‘‘intentionally’’; (iii) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘an intentional’’ and inserting ‘‘a’’; and (iv) in subclause (III), by inserting ‘‘adequate and appropriate’’ before ‘‘remedies or enforcement tools’’; and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) COVERED TRANSACTIONS DESCRIBED .—A covered transaction is described in this subparagraph if— ‘‘(i) the Committee has informed the parties to the transaction in writing that the Committee has completed all action under this section with respect to the transaction; or ‘‘(ii) the President has announced a decision not to exercise the President’s authority under subsection (d) with respect to the transaction.’’. 
Section 721(b) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)), as amended by section 1708, is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(F), by striking ‘‘30’’ and inserting ‘‘45’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking subparagraph (C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) TIMING .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), any investigation under subparagraph (A) shall be completed before the end of the 45day period beginning on the date on which the investigation commenced. ‘‘(ii) EXTENSION FOR EXTRAORDINARY CIR CUMSTANCES .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—In extraordinary circumstances (as defined by the Committee in regulations), the chairperson may, at the request of the head of the lead agency, extend an investigation under subparagraph (A) for one 15day period. ‘‘(II) NONDELEGATION .—The authority of the chairperson and the head of the lead agency referred to in subclause (I) may not be delegated to any person other than the Deputy Secretary of the Treasury or the deputy head (or equivalent thereof) of the lead agency, as the case may be. ‘‘(III) NOTIFICATION TO PARTIES .—If the Committee extends the deadline under subclause (I) with respect to a covered transaction, the Committee shall notify the parties to the transaction of the extension.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) TOLLING OF DEADLINES DURING LAPSE IN  
APPROPRIATIONS .—Any deadline or time limitation under this subsection shall be tolled during a lapse in appropriations.’’. 
Section 721(b)(1) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(1)), as amended by sections 1708 and 1709, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(H) IDENTIFICATION OF NON NOTIFIED AND  
NONDECLARED TRANSACTIONS .—The Committee shall establish a process to identify covered transactions for which— ‘‘(i) a notice under clause (i) of subparagraph (C) or a declaration under clause (v) of that subparagraph is not submitted to the Committee; and ‘‘(ii) information is reasonably available.’’. 
Section 721(b)(3)(C) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(3)(C)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking subclause (II) and inserting the following: ‘‘(II) a certification that all relevant national security factors have received full consideration.’’; (2) in clause (iv), by striking subclause (II) and inserting the following: ‘‘(II) DELEGATION OF CERTIFICATIONS .— ‘‘(aa) IN GENERAL .—Subject to item (bb), the chairperson, in consultation with the Committee, may determine the level of official to whom the signature requirement under subclause (I) for the chairperson and the head of the lead agency may be delegated. The level of official to whom the signature requirement may be delegated may differ based on any factor relating to a transaction that the chairperson, in consultation with the Committee, deems appropriate, including the type or value of the transaction. ‘‘(bb) LIMITATION ON DELEGATION WITH RE SPECT TO CERTAIN TRANSACTIONS .—The signature requirement under subclause (I) may be delegated not below the level of the Assistant Secretary of the Treasury or an equivalent official of the lead agency.’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) AUTHORITY TO CONSOLIDATE DOCU MENTS .—Instead of transmitting a separate certified notice or certified report under subparagraph (A) or (B) with respect to each covered transaction, the Committee may, on a monthly basis, transmit such notices and reports in a consolidated document to the Members of Congress specified in clause (iii).’’. SEC. 1712. ANALYSIS BY DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE. 
Section 721(b)(4) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(b)(4)) is amended— (1) by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) ANALYSIS REQUIRED .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Director of National Intelligence shall expeditiously carry out a thorough analysis of any threat to the national security of the United States posed by any covered transaction, which shall include the identification of any recognized gaps in the collection of intelligence relevant to the analysis. ‘‘(ii) VIEWS OF INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY .— The Director shall seek and incorporate into the analysis required by clause (i) the views of all affected or appropriate agencies of the intelligence community with respect to the transaction. ‘‘(iii) UPDATES .—At the request of the lead agency, the Director shall update the analysis conducted under clause (i) with respect to a covered transaction with respect to which an agreement was entered into under subsection (l)(3)(A). ‘‘(iv) INDEPENDENCE AND OBJECTIVITY .—The Committee shall ensure that its processes under this section preserve the ability of the Director to conduct analysis under clause (i) that is independent, objective, and consistent with all applicable directives, policies, and analytic tradecraft standards of the intelligence community.’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraphs (B), (C), and (D) as subparagraphs (C), (D), and (E), respectively; (3) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) BASIC THREAT INFORMATION .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The Director of National Intelligence may provide the Committee with basic information regarding any threat to the national security of the United States posed by a covered transaction described in clause (ii) instead of conducting the analysis required by subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) COVERED TRANSACTION DESCRIBED .—A covered transaction is described in this clause if— ‘‘(I) the transaction is described in subsection (a)(4)(B)(ii); ‘‘(II) the Director of National Intelligence has completed an analysis pursuant to subparagraph (A) involving each foreign person that is a party to the transaction during the 12 months preceding the review or investigation of the transaction under this section; or ‘‘(III) the transaction otherwise meets criteria agreed upon by the Committee and the Director for purposes of this subparagraph.’’; (4) in subparagraph (C), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘20’’ and inserting ‘‘30’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) ASSESSMENT OF OPERATIONAL IMPACT .— The Director may provide to the Committee an assessment, separate from the analyses under subparagraphs (A) and (B), of any operational impact of a covered transaction on the intelligence community and a description of any actions that have been or will be taken to mitigate any such impact. ‘‘(G) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Committee shall submit the analysis required by subparagraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction to the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives upon the conclusion of action under this section (other than compliance plans under subsection (l)(6)) with respect to the transaction.’’. 
Section 721(c) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(c)) is amended— 
(1) by striking ‘‘Any information’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), any information’’; (2) by striking ‘‘, except as may be relevant’’ and all that follows and inserting a period; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) EXCEPTIONS .—Paragraph (1) shall not prohibit the disclosure of the following: ‘‘(A) Information relevant to any administrative or judicial action or proceeding. ‘‘(B) Information to Congress or any duly authorized committee or subcommittee of Congress. ‘‘(C) Information important to the national security analysis or actions of the Committee to any domestic governmental entity, or to any foreign governmental entity of a United States ally or partner, under the exclusive direction and authorization of the chairperson, only to the extent necessary for national security purposes, and subject to appropriate confidentiality and classification requirements. ‘‘(D) Information that the parties have consented to be disclosed to third parties. ‘‘(3) COOPERATION WITH ALLIES AND PART NERS.— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The chairperson, in consultation with other members of the Committee, should establish a formal process for the exchange of information under paragraph (2)(C) with governments of countries that are allies or partners of the United States, in the discretion of the chairperson, to protect the national security of the United States and those countries. ‘‘(B) REQUIREMENTS .—The process established under subparagraph (A) should, in the discretion of the chairperson— ‘‘(i) be designed to facilitate the harmonization of action with respect to trends in investment and technology that could pose risks to the national security of the United States and countries that are allies or partners of the United States; ‘‘(ii) provide for the sharing of information with respect to specific technologies and entities acquiring such technologies as appropriate to ensure national security; and ‘‘(iii) include consultations and meetings with representatives of the governments of such countries on a recurring basis.’’. 
Section 721(d)(2) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘not later than 15 days’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘with respect to a covered transaction not later than 15 days after the earlier of— ‘‘(A) the date on which the investigation of the transaction under subsection (b) is completed; or ‘‘(B) the date on which the Committee otherwise refers the transaction to the President under subsection (l)(2).’’. 
Section 721(e) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(e)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The actions’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The actions’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) CIVIL ACTIONS .—A civil action challenging an action or finding under this section may be brought only in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. ‘‘(3) PROCEDURES FOR REVIEW OF PRIVILEGED  
INFORMATION .—If a civil action challenging an action or finding under this section is brought, and the court determines that protected information in the administrative record, including classified or other information subject to privilege or protections under any provision of law, is necessary to resolve the challenge, that information shall be submitted ex parte and in camera to the court and the court shall maintain that information under seal. ‘‘(4) APPLICABILITY OF USE OF INFORMATION  
PROVISIONS .—The use of information provisions of sections 106, 305, 405, and 706 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 (50 U.S.C. 1806, 1825, 1845, and 1881e) shall not apply in a civil action brought under this subsection.’’. SEC. 1716. CONSIDERATIONS FOR REGULATIONS. 
Section 721(h) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(h)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (2); (2) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2); and (3) in paragraph (2), as redesignated— (A) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘including any mitigation’’ and all that follows through ‘‘subsection (l)’’ and inserting ‘‘including any mitigation agreement entered into, conditions imposed, or order issued pursuant to this section’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) provide that, in any review or investigation of a covered transaction conducted by the Committee under subsection (b), the Committee should— ‘‘(i) consider the factors specified in subsection (f); and ‘‘(ii) as appropriate, require parties to provide to the Committee the information necessary to consider such factors.’’. 
(a) H IRING AUTHORITY .—Section 721(k) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(k)) is amended by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) HIRING AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) SENIOR OFFICIALS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Each member of the Committee shall designate an Assistant Secretary, or an equivalent official, who is appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to carry out such duties related to the Committee as the member of the Committee may delegate. ‘‘(ii) DEPARTMENT OF THE TREASURY .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—There shall be established in the Office of International Affairs at the Department of the Treasury 2 additional positions of Assistant Secretary of the Treasury, who shall be appointed by the President, by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, to carry out such duties related to the Committee as the Secretary of the Treasury may delegate, consistent with this section. ‘‘(II) ASSISTANT SECRETARY FOR INVESTMENT  
SECURITY .—One of the positions of Assistant Secretary of the Treasury authorized under subclause (I) shall be the Assistant Secretary for Investment Security, whose duties shall be principally related to the Committee, as delegated by the Secretary of the Treasury under this section. ‘‘(B) SPECIAL HIRING AUTHORITY .—The heads of the departments and agencies represented on the Committee may appoint, without regard to the provisions of sections 3309 through 3318 of title 5, United States Code, candidates directly to positions in the competitive service (as defined in section 2102 of that title) in their respective departments and agencies. The primary responsibility of positions authorized under the preceding sentence shall be to administer this section.’’. (b) PROCEDURES FOR RECUSAL OF MEMBERS OF  COMMITTEE FOR CONFLICTS OF INTEREST .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States shall— (1) establish procedures for the recusal of any member of the Committee that has a conflict of interest with respect to a covered transaction (as defined in section 721(a) of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703); (2) submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report describing those procedures; and (3) brief the committees specified in paragraph (1) on the report required by paragraph (2). SEC. 1718. ACTIONS BY THE COMMITTEE TO ADDRESS NATIONAL SECURITY RISKS. 
Section 721(l) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(l)) is amended— (1) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘MITIGATION , T RACKING , AND POSTCONSUMMATION MONITORING AND ENFORCE MENT ’’ and inserting ‘‘A CTIONS BY THE COMMITTEE TO ADDRESS NATIONAL SECURITY RISKS’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1), (2), and (3) as paragraphs (3), (5), and (6), respectively; (3) by inserting before paragraph (3), as redesignated by paragraph (2), the following: ‘‘(1) SUSPENSION OF TRANSACTIONS .—The Com mittee, acting through the chairperson, may suspend a proposed or pending covered transaction that may pose a risk to the national security of the United States for such time as the covered transaction is under review or investigation under subsection (b). ‘‘(2) REFERRAL TO PRESIDENT .—The Committee may, at any time during the review or investigation of a covered transaction under subsection (b), complete the action of the Committee with respect to the transaction and refer the transaction to the President for action pursuant to subsection (d).’’; (4) in paragraph (3), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in the subparagraph heading, by striking ‘‘IN GENERAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘A GREEMENTS AND  
CONDITIONS ’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘The Committee’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The Committee’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘threat’’ and inserting ‘‘risk’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) ABANDONMENT OF TRANSACTIONS .—If a party to a covered transaction has voluntarily chosen to abandon the transaction, the Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, may negotiate, enter into or impose, and enforce any agreement or condition with any party to the covered transaction for purposes of effectuating such abandonment and mitigating any risk to the national security of the United States that arises as a result of the covered transaction. ‘‘(iii) AGREEMENTS AND CONDITIONS RELATING  
TO COMPLETED TRANSACTIONS .—The Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, may negotiate, enter into or impose, and enforce any agreement or condition with any party to a completed covered transaction in order to mitigate any interim risk to the national security of the United States that may arise as a result of the covered transaction until such time that the Committee has completed action pursuant to subsection (b) or the President has taken action pursuant to subsection (d) with respect to the transaction.’’; and (B) by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) TREATMENT OF OUTDATED AGREEMENTS  
OR CONDITIONS .—The chairperson and the head of the lead agency shall periodically review the appropriateness of an agreement or condition imposed under subparagraph (A) and terminate, phase out, or otherwise amend the agreement or condition if a threat no longer requires mitigation through the agreement or condition. ‘‘(C) LIMITATIONS .—An agreement may not be entered into or condition imposed under subparagraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction unless the Committee determines that the agreement or condition resolves the national security concerns posed by the transaction, taking into consideration whether the agreement or condition is reasonably calculated to— ‘‘(i) be effective; ‘‘(ii) allow for compliance with the terms of the agreement or condition in an appropriately verifiable way; and 
‘‘(iii) enable effective monitoring of compliance with and enforcement of the terms of the agreement or condition. ‘‘(D) JURISDICTION .—The provisions of section 706(b) shall apply to any mitigation agreement entered into or condition imposed under subparagraph (A).’’; (5) by inserting after paragraph (3), as redesignated by paragraph (2), the following: ‘‘(4) RISKBASED ANALYSIS REQUIRED .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Any determination of the Committee to suspend a covered transaction under paragraph (1), to refer a covered transaction to the President under paragraph (2), or to negotiate, enter into or impose, or enforce any agreement or condition under paragraph (3)(A) with respect to a covered transaction, shall be based on a riskbased analysis, conducted by the Committee, of the effects on the national security of the United States of the covered transaction, which shall include an assessment of the threat, vulnerabilities, and consequences to national security related to the transaction. ‘‘(B) ACTIONS OF MEMBERS OF THE COM MITTEE .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Any member of the Committee who concludes that a covered transaction poses an unresolved national security concern shall recommend to the Committee that the Committee suspend the transaction under paragraph (1), refer the transaction to the President under paragraph (2), or negotiate, enter into or impose, or enforce any agreement or condition under paragraph (3)(A) with respect to the transaction. In making that recommendation, the member shall propose or contribute to the riskbased analysis required by subparagraph (A). ‘‘(ii) FAILURE TO REACH CONSENSUS .—If the Committee fails to reach consensus with respect to a recommendation under clause (i) regarding a covered transaction, the members of the Committee who support an alternative recommendation shall produce— ‘‘(I) a written statement justifying the alternative recommendation; and ‘‘(II) as appropriate, a riskbased analysis that supports the alternative recommendation. ‘‘(C) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the terms ‘threat’, ‘vulnerabilities’, and ‘consequences to national security’ shall have the meanings given those terms by the Committee by regulation.’’; (6) in paragraph (5)(B), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘(as defined in the National Security Act of 1947)’’; and (7) in paragraph (6), as redesignated by paragraph (2)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; and (ii) by striking the second sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘The lead agency may, at its discretion, seek and receive the assistance of other departments or agencies in carrying out the purposes of this paragraph.’’; (B) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘
DESIGNATED AGENCY ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘The lead agency in connection’’ and inserting ‘‘
DESIGNATED AGENCY .— The lead agency in connection’’; (ii) by striking clause (ii); and (iii) by redesignating subclauses (I) and (II) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and by moving such clauses, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the left; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) COMPLIANCE PLANS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a covered transaction with respect to which an agreement is entered into under paragraph (3)(A), the Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, shall formulate, adhere to, and keep updated a plan for monitoring compliance with the agreement. ‘‘(ii) ELEMENTS .—Each plan required by clause (i) with respect to an agreement entered into under paragraph (3)(A) shall include an explanation of— ‘‘(I) which member of the Committee will have primary responsibility for monitoring compliance with the agreement; ‘‘(II) how compliance with the agreement will be monitored; ‘‘(III) how frequently compliance reviews will be conducted; ‘‘(IV) whether an independent entity will be utilized under subparagraph (E) to conduct compliance reviews; and ‘‘(V) what actions will be taken if the parties fail to cooperate regarding monitoring compliance with the agreement. ‘‘(D) EFFECT OF LACK OF COMPLIANCE .—If, at any time after a mitigation agreement or condition is entered into or imposed under paragraph (3)(A), the Committee or lead agency, as the case may be, determines that a party or parties to the agreement or condition are not in compliance with the terms of the agreement or condition, the Committee or lead agency may, in addition to the authority of the Committee to impose penalties pursuant to subsection (h)(3) and to unilaterally initiate a review of any covered transaction under subsection (b)(1)(D)(iii)— ‘‘(i) negotiate a plan of action for the party or parties to remediate the lack of compliance, with failure to abide by the plan or otherwise remediate the lack of compliance serving as the basis for the Committee to find a material breach of the agreement or condition; ‘‘(ii) require that the party or parties submit a written notice under clause (i) of subsection (b)(1)(C) or a declaration under clause (v) of that subsection with respect to a covered transaction initiated after the date of the determination of noncompliance and before the date that is 5 years after the date of the determination to the Committee to initiate a review of the transaction under subsection (b); or ‘‘(iii) seek injunctive relief. ‘‘(E) USE OF INDEPENDENT ENTITIES TO MON ITOR COMPLIANCE .—If the parties to an agreement entered into under paragraph (3)(A) enter into a contract with an independent entity from outside the United States Government for the purpose of monitoring compliance with the agreement, the Committee shall take such action as is necessary to prevent a conflict of interest from arising by ensuring that the independent entity owes no fiduciary duty to the parties. ‘‘(F) SUCCESSORS AND ASSIGNS .—Any agreement or condition entered into or imposed under paragraph (3)(A) shall be considered binding on all successors and assigns unless and until the agreement or condition terminates on its own terms or is otherwise terminated by the Committee in its sole discretion. ‘‘(G) ADDITIONAL COMPLIANCE MEASURES .— Subject to subparagraphs (A) through (F), the Committee shall develop and agree upon methods for evaluating compliance with any agreement entered into or condition imposed with respect to a covered transaction that will allow the Committee to adequately ensure compliance without unnecessarily diverting Committee resources from assessing any new covered transaction for which a written notice under clause (i) of subsection (b)(1)(C) or declaration under clause (v) of that subsection has been filed, and if necessary, reaching a mitigation agreement with or imposing a condition on a party to such covered transaction or any covered transaction for which a review has been reopened for any reason.’’. 
SEC. 1719. MODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT AND OTHER REPORTING REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) M ODIFICATION OF ANNUAL REPORT .—Sec tion 721(m) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(m)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)— (A) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) A list of all notices filed and all reviews or investigations of covered transactions completed during the period, with— ‘‘(i) a description of the outcome of each review or investigation, including whether an agreement was entered into or condition was imposed under subsection (l)(3)(A) with respect to the transaction being reviewed or investigated, and whether the President took any action under this section with respect to that transaction; ‘‘(ii) basic information on each party to each such transaction; ‘‘(iii) the nature of the business activities or products of the United States business with which the transaction was entered into or intended to be entered into; and ‘‘(iv) information about any withdrawal from the process.’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(G) Statistics on compliance plans conducted and actions taken by the Committee under subsection (l)(6), including subparagraph (D) of that subsection, during that period, a general assessment of the compliance of parties with agreements entered into and conditions imposed under subsection (l)(3)(A) that are in effect during that period, including a description of any actions taken by the Committee to impose penalties or initiate a unilateral review pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(D)(iii), and any recommendations for improving the enforcement of such agreements and conditions. ‘‘(H) Cumulative and, as appropriate, trend information on the number of declarations filed under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v), the actions taken by the Committee in response to those declarations, the business sectors involved in those declarations, and the countries involved in those declarations. ‘‘(I) A description of— ‘‘(i) the methods used by the Committee to identify nonnotified and nondeclared transactions under subsection (b)(1)(H); ‘‘(ii) potential methods to improve such identification and the resources required to do so; and ‘‘(iii) the number of transactions identified through the process established under that subsection during the reporting period and the number of such transactions flagged for further review. ‘‘(J) A summary of the hiring practices and policies of the Committee pursuant to subsection (k)(4). ‘‘(K) A list of the waivers granted by the Committee under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v)(IV)(bb)(CC).’’; (2) in paragraph (3)— (A) by striking ‘‘CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES ’’ and all that follows through ‘‘In order to assist’’ and inserting ‘‘
CRITICAL TECHNOLOGIES .—In order to assist’’; (B) by striking subparagraph (B); (C) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the left; (D) in subparagraph (A), as redesignated by subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (E) in subparagraph (B), as so redesignated, by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) a description of the technologies recommended by the chairperson under subsection (a)(6)(B) for identification under the interagency process set forth in section 1758(a) of the Export Control Reform Act of 2018.’’. (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) FORM OF REPORT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—All appropriate portions of the annual report under paragraph (1) may be classified. An unclassified version of the report, as appropriate, consistent with safeguarding national security and privacy, shall be made available to the public. ‘‘(B) INCLUSION IN CLASSIFIED VERSION .—If the Committee recommends that the President suspend or prohibit a covered transaction because the transaction threatens to impair the national 
security of the United States, the Committee shall, in the classified version of the report required under paragraph (1), notify Congress of the recommendation and, upon request, provide a classified briefing on the recommendation. ‘‘(C) INCLUSIONS IN UNCLASSIFIED VERSION .— The unclassified version of the report required under paragraph (1) shall include, with respect to covered transactions for the reporting period— ‘‘(i) the number of notices submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i); ‘‘(ii) the number of declarations submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v) and the number of such declarations that were required under subclause (IV) of that subsection; ‘‘(iii) the number of declarations submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v) for which the Committee required resubmission as notices under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i); ‘‘(iv) the average number of days that elapsed between submission of a declaration under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v) and the acceptance of the declaration by the Committee; ‘‘(v) the median and average number of days that elapsed between acceptance of a declaration by the Committee and a response described in subsection (b)(1)(C)(v)(III); ‘‘(vi) information on the time it took the Committee to provide comments on, or to accept, notices submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i), including— ‘‘(I) the average number of business days that elapsed between the date of submission of a draft notice and the date on which the Committee provided written comments on the draft notice; ‘‘(II) the average number of business days that elapsed between the date of submission of a formal written notice and the date on which the Committee accepted or provided written comments on the formal written notice; and ‘‘(III) if the average number of business days for a response by the Committee reported under subclause (I) or (II) exceeded 10 business days— ‘‘(aa) an explanation of the causes of such delays, including whether such delays are caused by resource shortages, unusual fluctuations in the volume of notices, transaction characteristics, or other factors; and ‘‘(bb) an explanation of the steps that the Committee anticipates taking to mitigate the causes of such delays and otherwise to improve the ability of the Committee to provide comments on, or to accept, notices within 10 business days; ‘‘(vii) the number of reviews or investigations conducted under subsection (b); ‘‘(viii) the number of investigations that were subject to an extension under subsection (b)(2)(C)(ii); ‘‘(ix) information on the duration of those reviews and investigations, including the median and average number of days required to complete those reviews and investigations; ‘‘(x) the number of notices submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i) and declarations submitted under subsection (b)(1)(C)(v) that were rejected by the Committee; ‘‘(xi) the number of such notices and declarations that were withdrawn by a party to the covered transaction; ‘‘(xii) the number of such withdrawals that were followed by the submission of a subsequent such notice or declaration relating to a substantially similar covered transaction; and ‘‘(xiii) such other specific, cumulative, or trend information that the Committee determines is advisable to provide for an assessment of the time required for reviews and investigations of covered transactions under this section.’’. (b) REPORT ON CHINESE INVESTMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 2 years thereafter through 2026, the Secretary of Commerce shall submit to Congress and the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States a report on foreign direct investment transactions made by entities of the People’s Republic of China in the United States. (2) ELEMENTS .—Each report required by paragraph (1) shall include the following: (A) Total foreign direct investment from the People’s Republic of China in the United States, including total foreign direct investment disaggregated by ultimate beneficial owner. (B) A breakdown of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States by value using the following categories: (i) Less than $50,000,000. (ii) Greater than or equal to $50,000,000 and less than $100,000,000. (iii) Greater than or equal to $100,000,000 and less than $1,000,000,000. (iv) Greater than or equal to $1,000,000,000 and less than $2,000,000,000. (v) Greater than or equal to $2,000,000,000 and less than $5,000,000,000. (vi) Greater than or equal to $5,000,000,000. (C) A breakdown of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States by 2digit North American Industry Classification System code. (D) A breakdown of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States by investment type, using the following categories: (i) Businesses established. (ii) Businesses acquired. (E) A breakdown of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States by government and nongovernment investments, including volume, sector, and type of investment within each category. (F) A list of companies incorporated in the United States purchased through government investment by the People’s Republic of China. (G) The number of United States affiliates of entities under the jurisdiction of the People’s Republic of China, the total employees at those affiliates, and the valuation for any publicly traded United States affiliate of such an entity. (H) An analysis of patterns in the investments described in subparagraphs (A) through (F), including in volume, type, and sector, and the extent to which those patterns of investments align with the objectives outlined by the Government of the People’s Republic of China in its Made in China 2025 plan, including a comparative analysis of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States and all foreign direct investment in the United States. (I) An identification of any limitations on the ability of the Secretary of Commerce to collect comprehensive information that is reasonably and lawfully available about foreign investment in the United States from the People’s Republic of China on a timeline necessary to complete reports every 2 years as required by paragraph (1), including— (i) an identification of any discrepancies between government and private sector estimates of investments from the People’s Republic of China in the United States; (ii) a description of the different methodologies or data collection methods, including by private sector entities, used to measure foreign investment that may result in different estimates; and (iii) recommendations for enhancing the ability of the Secretary of Commerce to improve data collection of information about foreign investment in the United States from the People’s Republic of China. (3) EXTENSION OF DEADLINE .—If, as a result of a limitation identified under paragraph (2)(I), the Secretary of Commerce determines that the Secretary will be unable to submit a report at the time required by paragraph (1), the Secretary may request additional time to complete the report. (c) REPORT ON CERTAIN RAILINVESTMENTS BY  STATEOWNED OR STATECONTROLLED ENTITIES.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security shall, in coordination with the appropriate members of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States, submit to Congress a report assessing— (A) national security risks, if any, related to investments in the United States by stateowned or statecontrolled entities in the manufacture or assembly of rolling stock or other assets for use in freight rail, public transportation rail systems, or intercity passenger rail systems; and (B) how the number and types of such investments could affect any such risks. (2) CONSULTATION .—The Secretary, in preparing the report required by paragraph (1), shall consult with the Secretary of Transportation and the head of any agency that is not represented on the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States that has significant technical expertise related to the assessments required by that paragraph. 
Section 721(n) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565(n)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, 2 ems to the right; (2) by striking ‘‘Each notice’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Each notice’’; (3) by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (6)(B)’’; (4) by striking ‘‘paragraph (1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)’’; (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) EFFECT OF FAILURE TO SUBMIT .—The Committee may not complete a review under this section of a covered transaction and may recommend to the President that the President suspend or prohibit the transaction under subsection (d) if the Committee determines that a party to the transaction has— ‘‘(A) failed to submit a statement required by paragraph (1); or ‘‘(B) included false or misleading information in a notice or information described in paragraph (1) or omitted material information from such notice or information. ‘‘(3) APPLICABILITY OF LAW ON FRAUD AND  
FALSE STATEMENTS .—The Committee shall prescribe regulations expressly providing for the application of section 1001 of title 18, United States Code, to all information provided to the Committee under this section by any party to a covered transaction.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the chairperson of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States and the Secretary of Commerce shall, in consultation with the appropriate members of the Committee— (1) develop plans to implement this subtitle; and (2) submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the plans developed under paragraph (1), which shall include a description of— (A) the timeline and process to implement the provisions of, and amendments made by, this subtitle; (B) any additional staff necessary to implement the plans; and (C) the resources required to effectively implement the plans. (b) ANNUAL RESOURCE NEEDS OF CFIUS M EMBERAGENCIES .—Not later than one year after the submission of the report under subsection (a)(2), and annually thereafter for 7 years, each department or agency represented on the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a detailed spending plan to expeditiously meet the requirements of section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by this subtitle, including estimated expenditures and staffing levels for not less than the following fiscal year. 
(c) T ESTIMONY .—Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(o) TESTIMONY .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than March 31 of each year, the chairperson, or the designee of the chairperson, shall appear before the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate to present testimony on— ‘‘(A) anticipated resources necessary for operations of the Committee in the following fiscal year at each of the departments or agencies represented on the Committee; ‘‘(B) the adequacy of appropriations for the Committee in the current and the previous fiscal year to— ‘‘(i) ensure that thorough reviews and investigations are completed as expeditiously as possible; ‘‘(ii) monitor and enforce mitigation agreements; and ‘‘(iii) identify covered transactions for which a notice under clause (i) of subsection (b)(1)(C) or a declaration under clause (v) of that subsection was not submitted to the Committee; ‘‘(C) management efforts to strengthen the ability of the Committee to meet the requirements of this section; and ‘‘(D) activities of the Committee undertaken in order to— ‘‘(i) educate the business community, with a particular focus on the technology sector and other sectors of importance to national security, on the goals and operations of the Committee; ‘‘(ii) disseminate to the governments of countries that are allies or partners of the United States best practices of the Committee that— ‘‘(I) strengthen national security reviews of relevant investment transactions; and ‘‘(II) expedite such reviews when appropriate; and ‘‘(iii) promote openness to foreign investment, consistent with national security considerations. ‘‘(2) SUNSET .—This subsection shall have no force or effect on or after the date that is 7 years after the date of the enactment of the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018.’’. (d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 1722. ASSESSMENT OF NEED FOR ADDITIONAL RESOURCES FOR COMMITTEE. 
The President shall— (1) determine whether and to what extent the expansion of the responsibilities of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States pursuant to the amendments made by this subtitle necessitates additional resources for the Committee and the departments and agencies represented on the Committee to perform their functions under section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by this subtitle; and (2) if the President determines that additional resources are necessary, include in the budget of the President for fiscal year 2019 and each fiscal year thereafter submitted to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a request for such additional resources. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by section 1721, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) FUNDING .— ‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT OF FUND .—There is established in the Treasury of the United States a fund, to be known as the ‘Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States Fund’ (in this subsection referred to as the ‘Fund’), to be administered by the chairperson. ‘‘(2) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  
THE COMMITTEE .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Fund for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 $20,000,000 to perform the functions of the Committee. ‘‘(3) FILING FEES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Committee may assess and collect a fee in an amount determined by the Committee in regulations, to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts, without regard to section 9701 of title 31, United States Code, and subject to subparagraph (B), with respect to each covered transaction for which a written notice is submitted to the Committee under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i). The total amount of fees collected under this paragraph may not exceed the costs of administering this section. ‘‘(B) DETERMINATION OF AMOUNT OF FEE .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The amount of the fee to be assessed under subparagraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction— ‘‘(I) may not exceed an amount equal to the lesser of— ‘‘(aa) 1 percent of the value of the transaction; or ‘‘(bb) $300,000, adjusted annually for inflation pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Committee; and ‘‘(II) shall be based on the value of the transaction, taking into account— ‘‘(aa) the effect of the fee on small business concerns (as defined in section 3 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 632)); ‘‘(bb) the expenses of the Committee associated with conducting activities under this section; ‘‘(cc) the effect of the fee on foreign investment; and ‘‘(dd) such other matters as the Committee considers appropriate. ‘‘(ii) UPDATES .—The Committee shall periodically reconsider and adjust the amount of the fee to be assessed under subparagraph (A) with respect to a covered transaction to ensure that the amount of the fee does not exceed the costs of administering this section and otherwise remains appropriate. ‘‘(C) DEPOSIT AND AVAILABILITY OF FEES .— Notwithstanding section 3302 of title 31, United States Code, fees collected under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) be deposited into the Fund solely for use in carrying out activities under this section; ‘‘(ii) to the extent and in the amounts provided in advance in appropriations Acts, be available to the chairperson; ‘‘(iii) remain available until expended; and ‘‘(iv) be in addition to any appropriations made available to the members of the Committee. ‘‘(D) STUDY ON PRIORITIZATION FEE .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of the Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018, the chairperson, in consultation with the Committee, shall complete a study of the feasibility and merits of establishing a fee or fee scale to prioritize the timing of the response of the Committee to a draft or formal written notice during the period before the Committee accepts the formal written notice under subsection (b)(1)(C)(i), in the event that the Committee is unable to respond during the time required by subclause (II) of that subsection because of an unusually large influx of notices, or for other reasons. ‘‘(ii) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—After completing the study required by clause (i), the chairperson, or a designee of the chairperson, shall submit to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives a report on the findings of the study. ‘‘(4) TRANSFER OF FUNDS .—To the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts, the chairperson may transfer any amounts in the Fund to any other department or agency represented on the Committee for the purpose of addressing emerging needs in carrying out activities under this section. Amounts so transferred shall be in addition to any other amounts available to that department or agency for that purpose.’’. SEC. 1724. CENTRALIZATION OF CERTAIN COMMITTEE FUNCTIONS. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by section 1723, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(q) CENTRALIZATION OF CERTAIN COMMITTEE  FUNCTIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The chairperson, in consultation with the Committee, may centralize certain functions of the Committee within the Department of the Treasury for the purpose of enhancing interagency coordination and collaboration in carrying out the functions of the Committee under this section. ‘‘(2) FUNCTIONS .—Functions that may be centralized under paragraph (1) include identifying nonnotified and nondeclared transactions pursuant to subsection (b)(1)(H), and other functions as determined by the chairperson and the Committee. ‘‘(3) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as limiting the authority of any department or agency represented on the Committee to represent its own interests before the Committee.’’. 
Section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565), as amended by this subtitle, is further amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(D)(iii)(I), by striking ‘‘subsection (l)(1)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (l)(3)(A)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B)(i)(I), by striking ‘‘that threat’’ and inserting ‘‘the risk’’; (2) in subsection (d)(4)(A), by striking ‘‘the foreign interest exercising control’’ and inserting ‘‘a foreign person that would acquire an interest in a United States business or its assets as a result of the covered transaction’’; and (3) in subsection (j), by striking ‘‘merger, acquisition, or takeover’’ and inserting ‘‘transaction’’. 
SEC. 1726. BRIEFING ON INFORMATION FROM TRANSACTIONS REVIEWED BY COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES RELATING TO FOREIGN EFFORTS TO INFLUENCE DEMOCRATIC INSTITUTIONS AND PROCESSES. 
Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury (or a designee of the Secretary) shall provide a briefing to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Services of the House of Representatives on— (1) transactions reviewed by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States during the 5year period preceding the briefing that the Committee determined would have allowed foreign persons to inappropriately influence democratic institutions and processes within the United States and in other countries; and (2) the disposition of such reviews, including any steps taken by the Committee to address the risk of allowing foreign persons to influence such institutions and processes. 
(a) I MMEDIATE APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN  PROVISIONS .—The following shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act and, as applicable, apply with respect to any covered transaction the review or investigation of which is initiated under section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 on or after such date of enactment: (1) Sections 1705, 1707, 1708, 1709, 1710, 1713, 1714, 1715, 1716, 1717, 1718, 1720, 1721, 1722, 1723, 
1724, and 1725 and any amendments made by those sections. (2) Section 1712 and the amendments made by that section (except for clause (iii) of section 721(b)(4)(A) of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as added by section 1712). (3) Paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4)(A)(i), (4)(B)(i), (4)(B)(iv)(I), (4)(B)(v), (4)(C)(v), (5), (6), (7), (8), (9), (10), (11), (12), and (13) of subsection (a) of section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703. (4) Section 721(m)(4) of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1719 (except for clauses (ii), (iii), (iv), and (v) of subparagraph (B) of that section). (b) DELAYED APPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Any provision of or amendment made by this subtitle not specified in subsection (a) shall— (A) take effect on the earlier of— (i) the date that is 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act; or (ii) the date that is 30 days after publication in the Federal Register of a determination by the chairperson of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States that the regulations, organizational structure, personnel, and other resources necessary to administer the new provisions are in place; and (B) apply with respect to any covered transaction the review or investigation of which is initiated under section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 on or after the date described in subparagraph (A). (2) NONDELEGATION OF DETERMINATION .—The determination of the chairperson of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States under paragraph (1)(A) may not be delegated. (c) AUTHORIZATION FOR PILOT PROGRAMS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on the date that is 570 days thereafter, the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States may, at its discretion, conduct one or more pilot programs to implement any authority provided pursuant to any provision of or amendment made by this subtitle not specified in subsection (a). (2) PUBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .—A pilot program under paragraph (1) may not commence until the date that is 30 days after publication in the Federal Register of a determination by the chairperson of the Committee of the scope of and procedures for the pilot program. That determination may not be delegated. 
If any provision of this subtitle or an amendment made by this subtitle, or the application of such a provision or amendment to any person or circumstance, is held to be invalid, the application of that provision or amendment to other persons or circumstances and the remainder of the provisions of this subtitle and the amendments made by this subtitle, shall not be affected thereby. Subtitle B—Export Control Reform 
This subtitle may be cited as the ‘‘Export Control Reform Act of 2018’’. 
In this subtitle: (1) CONTROLLED .—The term ‘‘controlled’’ refers to an item subject to the jurisdiction of the United States under part I. (2) DUALUSE.—The term ‘‘dualuse’’, with respect to an item, means the item has civilian applications and military, terrorism, weapons of mass destruction, or lawenforcementrelated applications. (3) EXPORT .—The term ‘‘export’’, with respect to an item subject to controls under part I, includes— (A) the shipment or transmission of the item out of the United States, including the sending or taking of the item out of the United States, in any manner; and (B) the release or transfer of technology or source code relating to the item to a foreign person in the United States. (4) EXPORT ADMINISTRATION REGULATIONS .— The term ‘‘Export Administration Regulations’’ means— (A) the Export Administration Regulations as promulgated, maintained, and amended under the authority of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act and codified, as of the date of the enactment of this Act, in subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations; or (B) regulations that are promulgated, maintained, and amended under the authority of part I on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. (5) FOREIGN PERSON .—The term ‘‘foreign person’’ means— (A) any natural person who is not a lawful permanent resident of the United States, citizen of the United States, or any other protected individual (as such term is defined in section 274B(a)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)); (B) any corporation, business association, partnership, trust, society or any other entity or group that is not incorporated in the United States or organized to do business in the United States, as well as international organizations, foreign governments and any agency or subdivision of a foreign government (e.g., diplomatic mission). (6) INCOUNTRY TRANSFER .—The term ‘‘in country transfer’’, with respect to an item subject to controls under part I, means a change in the enduse or end user of the item within the same foreign country. (7) ITEM.—The term ‘‘item’’ means a commodity, software, or technology. (8) PERSON .—The term ‘‘person’’ means— (A) a natural person; (B) a corporation, business association, partnership, society, trust, financial institution, insurer, underwriter, guarantor, and any other business organization, any other nongovernmental entity, organization, or group, or any government or agency thereof; and (C) any successor to any entity described in subparagraph (B). (9) REEXPORT .—The term ‘‘reexport’’, with respect to an item subject to controls under part I, includes— (A) the shipment or transmission of the item from a foreign country to another foreign country, including the sending or taking of the item from the foreign country to the other foreign country, in any manner; and (B) the release or transfer of technology or source code relating to the item to a foreign person outside the United States. (10) SECRETARY .—Except as otherwise provided, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Commerce. (11) TECHNOLOGY .—The term ‘‘technology’’ includes information, in tangible or intangible form, necessary for the development, production, or use of an item. (12) UNITED STATES .—The term ‘‘United States’’ means the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, American Samoa, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, and any other territory or possession of the United States. (13) UNITED STATES PERSON .—The term ‘‘United States person’’ means— (A) for purposes of part I— (i) any individual who is a citizen or national of the United States or who is an individual described in subparagraph (B) of section 274B(a)(3) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1324b(a)(3)); (ii) a corporation or other legal entity which is organized under the laws of the United States, any State or territory thereof, or the District of Columbia; and (iii) any person in the United States; and (B) for purposes of part II, any United States resident or national (other than an individual resident outside the United States and employed by other than a United States person), any domestic concern (including any permanent domestic establishment of any foreign concern) and any foreign subsidiary or affiliate (including any permanent foreign establishment) of any domestic concern which is controlled in fact by such domestic concern, as determined under regulations by the Secretary. (14) WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION .—The term ‘‘weapons of mass destruction’’ means nuclear, radiological, chemical, and biological weapons and delivery systems for such weapons. PART I—AUTHORITY AND ADMINISTRATION OF CONTROLS 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘Export Controls Act of 2018’’. 
The following is the policy of the United States: (1) To use export controls only after full consideration of the impact on the economy of the United States and only to the extent necessary— (A) to restrict the export of items which would make a significant contribution to the military potential of any other country or combination of countries which would prove detrimental to the national security of the United States; and (B) to restrict the export of items if necessary to further significantly the foreign policy of the United States or to fulfill its declared international obligations. (2) The national security and foreign policy of the United States require that the export, reexport, and incountry transfer of items, and specific activities of United States persons, wherever located, be controlled for the following purposes: (A) To control the release of items for use in— (i) the proliferation of weapons of mass destruction or of conventional weapons; (ii) the acquisition of destabilizing numbers or types of conventional weapons; (iii) acts of terrorism; (iv) military programs that could pose a threat to the security of the United States or its allies; or (v) activities undertaken specifically to cause significant interference with or disruption of critical infrastructure. (B) To preserve the qualitative military superiority of the United States. (C) To strengthen the United States defense industrial base. (D) To carry out the foreign policy of the United States, including the protection of human rights and the promotion of democracy. (E) To carry out obligations and commitments under international agreements and arrangements, including multilateral export control regimes. (F) To facilitate military interoperability between the United States and its North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and other close allies. (G) To ensure national security controls are tailored to focus on those core technologies and other items that are capable of being used to pose a serious national security threat to the United States. (3) The national security of the United States requires that the United States maintain its leadership in the science, technology, engineering, and manufacturing sectors, including foundational technology that is essential to innovation. Such leadership requires that United States persons are competitive in global markets. The impact of the implementation of this part on such leadership and competitiveness must be evaluated on an ongoing basis and applied in imposing controls under sections 1753 and 1754 to avoid negatively affecting such leadership. (4) The national security and foreign policy of the United States require that the United States 
participate in multilateral organizations and agreements regarding export controls on items that are consistent with the policy of the United States, and take all the necessary steps to secure the adoption and consistent enforcement, by the governments of such countries, of export controls on items that are consistent with such policy. (5) Export controls should be coordinated with the multilateral export control regimes. Export controls that are multilateral are most effective, and should be tailored to focus on those core technologies and other items that are capable of being used to pose a serious national security threat to the United States and its allies. (6) Export controls applied unilaterally to items widely available from foreign sources generally are less effective in preventing endusers from acquiring those items. Application of unilateral export controls should be limited for purposes of protecting specific United States national security and foreign policy interests. (7) The effective administration of export controls requires a clear understanding both inside and outside the United States Government of which items are controlled and an efficient process should be created to regularly update the controls, such as by adding or removing such items. (8) The export control system must ensure that it is transparent, predictable, and timely, has the flexibility to be adapted to address new threats in the future, and allows seamless access to and sharing of export control information among all relevant United States national security and foreign policy agencies. (9) Implementation and enforcement of United States export controls require robust capabilities in monitoring, intelligence, and investigation, appropriate penalties for violations, and the ability to swiftly interdict unapproved transfers. (10) Export controls complement and are a critical element of the national security policies underlying the laws and regulations governing foreign direct investment in the United States, including controlling the transfer of critical technologies to certain foreign persons. Thus, the President, in coordination with the Secretary, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Energy, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, should have a regular and robust process to identify the emerging and other types of critical technologies of concern and regulate their release to foreign persons as warranted regardless of the nature of the underlying transaction. Such identification efforts should draw upon the resources and expertise of all relevant parts of the United States Government, industry, and academia. These efforts should be in addition to traditional efforts to modernize and update the lists of controlled items under the multilateral export control regimes. (11) The authority under this part may be exercised only in furtherance of all of the objectives set forth in paragraphs (1) through (10). 
(a) A UTHORITY .—In order to carry out the policy set forth in paragraphs (1) through (10) of section 1752, the President shall control— (1) the export, reexport, and incountry transfer of items subject to the jurisdiction of the United States, whether by United States persons or by foreign persons; and (2) the activities of United States persons, wherever located, relating to specific— (A) nuclear explosive devices; (B) missiles; (C) chemical or biological weapons; (D) whole plants for chemical weapons precursors; (E) foreign maritime nuclear projects; and (F) foreign military intelligence services. (b) REQUIREMENTS .—In exercising authority under this part to carry out the policy set forth in paragraphs (1) through (10) of section 1752, the President shall— (1) regulate the export, reexport, and incountry transfer of items described in subsection (a)(1) of United States persons or foreign persons; (2) regulate the activities described in subsection (a)(2) of United States persons, wherever located; (3) seek to secure the cooperation of other governments and multilateral organizations to impose control systems that are consistent, to the extent possible, with the controls imposed under subsection (a); (4) maintain the leadership of the United States in science, engineering, technology research and development, manufacturing, and foundational technology that is essential to innovation; (5) protect United States technological advances by prohibiting unauthorized technology transfers to foreign persons in the United States or outside the United States, particularly with respect to countries that may pose a significant threat to the national security of the United States; (6) strengthen the United States industrial base, both with respect to current and future defense requirements; and (7) enforce the controls through means such as regulations, requirements for compliance, lists of controlled items, lists of foreign persons who threaten the national security or foreign policy of the United States, and guidance in a form that facilitates compliance by United States persons and foreign persons, in particular academic institutions, scientific and research establishments, and small and mediumsized businesses. (c) APPLICATION OF CONTROLS .—The President shall impose controls over the export, reexport, or incountry transfer of items for purposes of the objectives described in subsections (b)(1) or (b)(2) without regard to the nature of the underlying transaction or any circumstances pertaining to the activity, including whether such export, reexport, or incountry transfer occurs pursuant to a purchase order or other contract requirement, voluntary decision, intercompany arrangement, marketing effort, or during a joint venture, joint development agreement, or similar collaborative agreement. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out this part on behalf of the President, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, and the heads of other Federal agencies as appropriate, shall— (1) establish and maintain a list of items that are controlled under this part; (2) establish and maintain a list of foreign persons and enduses that are determined to be a threat to the national security and foreign policy of the United States pursuant to the policy set forth in section 1752(2)(A); (3) prohibit unauthorized exports, reexports, and incountry transfers of controlled items, including to foreign persons in the United States or outside the United States; (4) restrict exports, reexports, and incountry transfers of any controlled items to any foreign person or enduse listed under paragraph (2); (5) require licenses or other authorizations, as appropriate, for exports, reexports, and incountry transfers of controlled items, including— (A) imposing conditions or restrictions on United States persons and foreign persons with respect to such licenses or other authorizations; and (B) suspending or revoking such licenses or authorizations; (6) establish a process for an assessment to determine whether a foreign item is comparable in quality to an item controlled under this part, and is available in sufficient quantities to render the United States export control of that item or the denial of a license ineffective, including a mechanism to address that disparity; (7) require measures for compliance with the export controls established under this part; (8) require and obtain such information from United States persons and foreign persons as is necessary to carry out this part; (9) require, to the extent feasible, identification of items subject to controls under this part in order to facilitate the enforcement of such controls; (10) inspect, search, detain, or seize, or impose temporary denial orders with respect to items, in any form, that are subject to controls under this part, or conveyances on which it is believed that there are items that have been, are being, or are about to be exported, reexported, or incountry transferred in violation of this part; (11) monitor shipments and other means of transfer; (12) keep the public appropriately apprised of changes in policy, regulations, and procedures established under this part; (13) appoint technical advisory committees in accordance with the Federal Advisory Committee Act; (14) create, as warranted, exceptions to licensing requirements in order to further the objectives of this part; (15) establish and maintain processes to inform persons, either individually by specific notice or through amendment to any regulation or order issued under this part, that a license from the Bureau of Industry and Security of the Department of Commerce is required to export; and (16) undertake any other action as is necessary to carry out this part that is not otherwise prohibited by law. (b) RELATIONSHIP TO IEEPA.—The authority under this part may not be used to regulate or prohibit under this part the export, reexport, or incountry transfer of any item that may not be regulated or prohibited under section 203(b) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702(b)), except to the extent the President has made a determination necessary to impose controls under subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of paragraph (2) of such section. (c) COUNTRIES SUPPORTING INTERNATIONAL  TERRORISM .— (1) COMMERCE LICENSE REQUIREMENT .— (A) IN GENERAL .—A license shall be required for the export, reexport, or incountry transfer of items, the control of which is implemented pursuant to subsection (a) by the Secretary, to a country if the Secretary of State has made the following determinations: (i) The government of such country has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism. (ii) The export, reexport, or incountry transfer of such items could make a significant contribution to the military potential of such country, including its military logistics capability, or could enhance the ability of such country to support acts of international terrorism. (B) DETERMINATION UNDER OTHER PROVISIONS  
OF LAW .—A determination of the Secretary of State under section 620A of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2371), section 40 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780), or any other provision of law that the government of a country described in subparagraph (A) has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism shall be deemed to be a determination with respect to such government for purposes of clause (i) of subparagraph (A). (2) NOTIFICATION TO CONGRESS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of State and the Secretary shall notify the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate at least 30 days before any license is issued as required by paragraph (1). (B) CONTENTS .—The Secretary of State shall include in the notification required under subparagraph (A)— (i) a detailed description of the items to be offered, including a brief description of the capabilities of any item for which a license to export, 
reexport, or incountry transfer the items is sought; (ii) the reasons why the foreign country, person, or entity to which the export, reexport, or incountry transfer is proposed to be made has requested the items under the export, reexport, or incountry transfer, and a description of the manner in which such country, person, or entity intends to use such items; (iii) the reasons why the proposed export, reexport, or incountry transfer is in the national interest of the United States; (iv) an analysis of the impact of the proposed export, reexport, or incountry transfer on the military capabilities of the foreign country, person, or entity to which such transfer would be made; (v) an analysis of the manner in which the proposed export, reexport, or incountry transfer would affect the relative military strengths of countries in the region to which the items that are the subject of such export, reexport, or in country transfer would be delivered and whether other countries in the region have comparable kinds and amounts of items; and (vi) an analysis of the impact of the proposed export, reexport, or incountry transfer on the relations of the United States with the countries in the region to which the items that are the subject of such export, reexport, or incountry transfer would be delivered. (3) PUBLICATION IN FEDERAL REGISTER .—Each determination of the Secretary of State under paragraph (1)(A)(i) shall be published in the Federal Register, except that the Secretary of State may exclude confidential information and trade secrets contained in such determination. (4) RESCISSION OF DETERMINATION .—A deter mination of the Secretary of State under paragraph (1)(A)(i) may not be rescinded unless the President submits to the Speaker of the House of Representatives, the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the chairman of the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs and the chairman of the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate— (A) before the proposed rescission would take effect, a report certifying that— (i) there has been a fundamental change in the leadership and policies of the government of the country concerned; (ii) that government is not supporting acts of international terrorism; and (iii) that government has provided assurances that it will not support acts of international terrorism in the future; or (B) at least 45 days before the proposed rescission would take effect, a report justifying the rescission and certifying that— (i) the government concerned has not provided any support for acts international terrorism during the preceding 6month period; and (ii) the government concerned has provided assurances that it will not support acts of international terrorism in the future. (d) ENHANCED CONTROLS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In furtherance of section 1753(a), the President shall, except to the extent authorized by a statute or regulation administered by a Federal department or agency other than the Department of Commerce, require a United States person, wherever located, to apply for and receive a license from the Department of Commerce for— (A) the export, reexport, or incountry transfer of items described in paragraph (2), including items that are not subject to control under this part; and (B) other activities that may support the design, development, production, use, operation, installation, maintenance, repair, overhaul, or refurbishing of, or for the performance of services relating to, any such items. (2) ITEMS DESCRIBED .—The items described in this paragraph include— (A) nuclear explosive devices; (B) missiles; (C) chemical or biological weapons; (D) whole plants for chemical weapons precursors; and (E) foreign maritime nuclear projects that would pose a risk to the national security or foreign policy of the United States. (e) ADDITIONAL PROHIBITIONS .—The Secretary may inform United States persons, either individually by specific notice or through amendment to any regulation or order issued under this part, that a license from the Bureau of Industry and Security of the Department of Commerce is required to engage in any activity if the activity involves the types of movement, service, or support described in subsection (d). The absence of any such notification does not excuse the United States person from compliance with the license requirements of subsection (d), or any regulation or order issued under this part. (f) LICENSE REVIEW STANDARDS .—The Sec retary shall deny an application to engage in any activity described in subsection (d) if the activity would make a material contribution to any of the items described in subsection (d)(2). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall rely on, including through delegations, as appropriate, the Secretary, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Energy, the Director of National Intelligence, and the heads of other Federal agencies as appropriate, to exercise the authority to carry out the purposes set forth in subsection (b). (b) PURPOSES .—The purposes of this section include to— (1) advise the President with respect to— (A) identifying specific threats to the national security and foreign policy that the authority of this part may be used to address; and (B) exercising the authority under this part to implement policies, regulations, procedures, and actions that are necessary to effectively counteract those threats; (2) review and approve— (A) criteria for including items on, and removing such an item from, a list of controlled items established under this part; (B) an interagency procedure for compiling and amending any list described in subparagraph (A); (C) criteria for including a person on a list of persons to whom exports, reexports, and in country transfers of items are prohibited or restricted under this part; (D) standards for compliance by persons subject to controls under this part; and (E) policies and procedures for the enduse monitoring of exports, reexports, and incountry transfers of items controlled under this part; and (3) benefit from the inherent equities, experience, and capabilities of the Federal officials described in subsection (a). (c) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the administration of export controls under this part should be consistent with the procedures relating to export license applications described in Executive Order 12981 (1995). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall, consistent with delegations as described in section 1755, establish a procedure to license or otherwise authorize the export, reexport, and in country transfer of items controlled under this part in order to carry out the policy set forth in section 1752 and the requirements set forth in section 1753(b). The procedure shall ensure that— (1) license applications and other requests for authorization are considered and decisions made with the participation of appropriate Federal agencies, as appropriate; and (2) licensing decisions are made in an expeditious manner, with transparency to applicants on the status of license and other authorization processing and the reason for denying any license or request for authorization. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary should make best efforts to ensure that an accurate, consistent, and timely evaluation and processing of licenses or other requests for authorization to export, reexport, or incountry transfer items controlled under this part is generally accomplished within 30 days from the date of such license request. (c) FEES.—No fee may be charged in connection with the submission, processing, or consideration of any application for a license or other authorization or other request made in connection with any regulation in effect under the authority of this part. (d) ADDITIONAL PROCEDURAL REQUIRE MENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The procedure required under subsection (a) shall provide for the assessment of the impact of a proposed export of an item on the United States defense industrial base and the denial of an application for a license or a request for an authorization of any export that would have a significant negative impact on such defense industrial base, as described in paragraph (3). (2) INFORMATION FROM APPLICANT .—The pro cedure required under subsection (a) shall also require an applicant for a license to provide the information necessary to make the assessment provided under paragraph (1), including whether the purpose or effect of the export is to allow for the significant production of items relevant for the defense industrial base outside the United States. (3) SIGNIFICANTLY NEGATIVE IMPACT DE FINED .—A significant negative impact on the United States defense industrial base is the following: (A) A reduction in the availability of an item produced in the United States that is likely to be acquired by the Department of Defense or other Federal department or agency for the advancement of the national security of the United States, or for the production of an item in the United States for the Department of Defense or other agency for the advancement of the national security of the United States. (B) A reduction in the production in the United States of an item that is the result of research and development carried out, or funded by, the Department of Defense or other Federal department or agency to advance the national security of the United States, or a federally funded research and development center. (C) A reduction in the employment of United States persons whose knowledge and skills are necessary for the continued production in the United States of an item that is likely to be acquired by the Department of Defense or other Federal department or agency for the advancement of the national security of the United States. 
(a) S YSTEM FOR SEEKING ASSISTANCE .—The President may authorize the Secretary to establish a system to provide United States persons with assistance in complying with this part, which may include a mechanism for providing information, in classified form as appropriate, who are potential customers, suppliers, or business partners with respect to items controlled under this part, in order to further ensure the prevention of the export, reexport, or incountry transfer of items that may pose a threat to the national security or foreign policy of the United States. (b) SECURITY CLEARANCES .—In order to carry out subsection (a), the President may issue appropriate security clearances to persons described in that subsection who are responsible for complying with this part. (c) ASSISTANCE FOR CERTAIN BUSINESSES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall develop and submit to Congress a plan to assist small and mediumsized United States businesses in export licensing and other processes under this part. 
(2) C ONTENTS .—The plan shall include, among other things, arrangements for the Department of Commerce to provide counseling to businesses described in paragraph (1) on filing applications and identifying items controlled under this part, as well as proposals for seminars and conferences to educate such businesses on export controls, licensing procedures, and related obligations. 
SEC. 1758. REQUIREMENTS TO IDENTIFY AND CONTROL THE EXPORT OF EMERGING AND FOUNDATIONAL TECHNOLOGIES. 
(a) I DENTIFICATION OF TECHNOLOGIES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The President shall establish and, in coordination with the Secretary, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Energy, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies as appropriate, lead, a regular, ongoing interagency process to identify emerging and foundational technologies that— (A) are essential to the national security of the United States; and (B) are not critical technologies described in clauses (i) through (v) of section 721(a)(6)(A) of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703. (2) PROCESS .—The interagency process established under subsection (a) shall— (A) be informed by multiple sources of information, including— (i) publicly available information; (ii) classified information, including relevant information provided by the Director of National Intelligence; (iii) information relating to reviews and investigations of transactions by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States under section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4565); and (iv) information provided by the advisory committees established by the Secretary to advise the Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security on controls under the Export Administration Regulations, including the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee; (B) take into account— (i) the development of emerging and foundational technologies in foreign countries; (ii) the effect export controls imposed pursuant to this section may have on the development of such technologies in the United States; and (iii) the effectiveness of export controls imposed pursuant to this section on limiting the proliferation of emerging and foundational technologies to foreign countries; and (C) include a notice and comment period. (b) COMMERCE CONTROLS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except to the extent inconsistent with the authorities described in subsection (a)(1)(B), the Secretary shall establish appropriate controls under the Export Administration Regulations on the export, reexport, or incountry transfer of technology identified pursuant to subsection (a), including through interim controls (such as by informing a person that a license is required for export), as appropriate, or by publishing additional regulations. (2) LEVELS OF CONTROL .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, specify the level of control to apply under paragraph (1) with respect to the export of technology described in that paragraph, including a requirement for a license or other authorization for the export, reexport, or incountry transfer of that technology. (B) CONSIDERATIONS .—In determining under subparagraph (A) the level of control appropriate for technology described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall take into account— (i) lists of countries to which exports from the United States are restricted; and (ii) the potential end uses and end users of the technology. (C) MINIMUM REQUIREMENTS .—At a minimum, except as provided by paragraph (4), the Secretary shall require a license for the export, reexport, or incountry transfer of technology described in paragraph (1) to or in a country subject to an embargo, including an arms embargo, imposed by the United States. (3) REVIEW OF LICENSE APPLICATIONS .— (A) PROCEDURES .—The procedures set forth in Executive Order 12981 (50 U.S.C. 4603 note; relating to administration of export controls) or a successor order shall apply to the review of an application for a license or other authorization for the export, reexport, or incountry transfer of technology described in paragraph (1). (B) CONSIDERATION OF INFORMATION RELATING  
TO NATIONAL SECURITY .—In reviewing an application for a license or other authorization for the export, reexport, or incountry transfer of technology described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall take into account information provided by the Director of National Intelligence regarding any threat to the national security of the United States posed by the proposed export, reexport, or transfer. The Director of National Intelligence shall provide such information on the request of the Secretary. (C) DISCLOSURES RELATING TO COLLABORATIVE  
ARRANGEMENTS .—In the case of an application for a license or other authorization for the export, reexport, or incountry transfer of technology described in paragraph (1) submitted by or on behalf of a joint venture, joint development agreement, or similar collaborative arrangement, the Secretary may require the applicant to identify, in addition to any foreign person participating in the arrangement, any foreign person with significant ownership interest in a foreign person participating in the arrangement. (4) EXCEPTIONS .— (A) MANDATORY EXCEPTIONS .—The Secretary may not control under this subsection the export of any technology— (i) described in section 203(b) of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1702(b)); or (ii) if the regulation of the export of that technology is prohibited under any other provision of law. (B) REGULATORY EXCEPTIONS .—In prescribing regulations under paragraph (1), the Secretary may include regulatory exceptions to the requirements of that paragraph. (C) ADDITIONAL EXCEPTIONS .—The Secretary shall not be required to impose under paragraph (1) a requirement for a license or other authorization with respect to the export, reexport, or incountry transfer of technology described in paragraph (1) pursuant to any of the following transactions: (i) The sale or license of a finished item and the provision of associated technology if the United States person that is a party to the transaction generally makes the finished item and associated technology available to its customers, distributors, or resellers. (ii) The sale or license to a customer of a product and the provision of integration services or similar services if the United States person that is a party to the transaction generally makes such services available to its customers. (iii) The transfer of equipment and the provision of associated technology to operate the equipment if the transfer could not result in the foreign person using the equipment to produce critical technologies (as defined in section 721(a) of the Defense Production Act of 1950, as amended by section 1703). (iv) The procurement by the United States person that is a party to the transaction of goods or services, including manufacturing services, from a foreign person that is a party to the transaction, if the foreign person has no rights to exploit any technology contributed by the United States person other than to supply the procured goods or services. (v) Any contribution and associated support by a United States person that is a party to the transaction to an industry organization related to a standard or specification, whether in development or declared, including any license of or commitment to license intellectual property in compliance with the rules of any standards organization (as defined by the Secretary by regulation). (c) MULTILATERAL CONTROLS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary and the Secretary of Defense, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, shall propose that any technology identified pursuant to subsection (a) be added to the list of technologies controlled by the relevant multilateral export control regimes. (2) ITEMS ON COMMERCE CONTROL LIST OR  
UNITED STATES MUNITIONS LIST .—If the Secretary of State proposes to a multilateral export control regime under paragraph (1) to add a technology identified pursuant to subsection (a) to the control list of that regime and that regime does not add that technology to the control list during the 3year period beginning on the date of the proposal, the applicable agency head may determine whether national security concerns warrant the continuation of unilateral export controls with respect to that technology. (d) REPORT TO COMMITTEE ON FOREIGN INVESTMENT IN THE UNITED STATES .—Not less frequently than every 180 days, the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, shall submit to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States a report on the results of actions taken pursuant to this section. (e) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not less frequently than every 180 days, the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as appropriate, shall submit a report on the results of actions taken pursuant to this section, including actions taken pursuant to subsections (a), (b), and (c), to— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (f) MODIFICATIONS TO EMERGING TECHNOLOGY  
ANDRESEARCH ADVISORY COMMITTEE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall revise the objectives of the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee, established by the Secretary under the Export Administration Regulations, to include advising the interagency process established under subsection (a) with respect to emerging and foundational technologies. (2) DUTIES .—The Secretary— (A) shall revise the duties of the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee to include identifying emerging and foundational technologies that may be developed over a period of 5 years or 10 years; and (B) may revise the duties of the Advisory Committee to include identifying trends in— (i) the ownership by foreign persons and foreign governments of such technologies; (ii) the types of transactions related to such technologies engaged in by foreign persons and foreign governments; (iii) the blending of private and government investment in such technologies; and (iv) efforts to obfuscate ownership of such technologies or to otherwise circumvent the controls established under this section. (3) MEETINGS .— (A) FREQUENCY .—The Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee should meet not less frequently than every 120 days. (B) ATTENDANCE .—A representative from each agency participating in the interagency process 
established under subsection (a) should be in attendance at each meeting of the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee. (4) CLASSIFIED INFORMATION .—Not fewer than half of the members of the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee should hold sufficient security clearances such that classified information, including classified information described in clauses (ii) and (iii) of subsection (a)(2)(A), from the interagency process established under subsection (a) can be shared with those members to inform the advice provided by the Advisory Committee. (5) APPLICABILITY OF FEDERAL ADVISORY COM MITTEE ACT .—Subsections (a)(1), (a)(3), and (b) of section 10 and sections 11, 13, and 14 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall not apply to the Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee. (6) REPORT .—The Emerging Technology and Research Advisory Committee shall include the findings of the Advisory Committee under this subsection in the annual report to Congress required by section 1765. (g) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subtitle shall be construed to alter or limit— (1) the authority of the President or the Secretary of State to designate items as defense articles and defense services for the purposes of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2751 et seq.) or to otherwise regulate such items; or (2) the authority of the President under the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2011 et seq.), the Nuclear NonProliferation Act of 1978 (22 U.S.C. 3201 et seq.), the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5801 et seq.), or the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)) or any other provision of law relating to the control of exports. 
SEC. 1759. REVIEW RELATING TO COUNTRIES SUBJECT TO COMPREHENSIVE UNITED STATES ARMS EMBARGO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Energy, and the heads of other Federal agencies as appropriate, shall conduct a review of license requirements for exports, reexports, or in country transfers of items to countries subject to a comprehensive United States arms embargo, including, as appropriate— (1) the scope of controls under title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, that apply to exports, reexports, and incountry transfers for military end uses and military end users in countries that are subject to a comprehensive United States arms embargo and countries that are subject to a United Nations arms embargo; and (2) entries on the Commerce Control List maintained under title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, that are not subject to a license requirement for the export, reexport, or incountry transfer of items to countries subject to a comprehensive United States arms embargo; (b) IMPLEMENTATION OF RESULTS OF REVIEW.—Not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall implement the results of the review conducted under subsection (a). 
(a) U NLAWFUL ACTS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—It shall be unlawful for a person to violate, attempt to violate, conspire to violate, or cause a violation of this part or of any regulation, order, license, or other authorization issued under this part, including any of the unlawful acts described in paragraph (2). (2) SPECIFIC UNLAWFUL ACTS .—The unlawful acts described in this paragraph are the following: (A) No person may engage in any conduct prohibited by or contrary to, or refrain from engaging in any conduct required by this part, the Export Administration Regulations, or any order, license or authorization issued thereunder. (B) No person may cause or aid, abet, counsel, command, induce, procure, permit, or approve the doing of any act prohibited, or the omission of any act required by this part, the Export Administration Regulations, or any order, license or authorization issued thereunder. (C) No person may solicit or attempt a violation of this part, the Export Administration Regulations, or any order, license or authorization issued thereunder. (D) No person may conspire or act in concert with one or more other persons in any manner or for any purpose to bring about or to do any act that constitutes a violation of this part, the Export Administration Regulations, or any order, license or authorization issued thereunder. (E) No person may order, buy, remove, conceal, store, use, sell, loan, dispose of, transfer, transport, finance, forward, or otherwise service, in whole or in part, or conduct negotiations to facilitate such activities for, any item exported or to be exported from the United States, or that is otherwise subject to the Export Administration Regulations, with knowledge that a violation of this part, the Export Administration Regulations, or any order, license or authorization issued thereunder, has occurred, is about to occur, or is intended to occur in connection with the item unless valid authorization is obtained therefor. (F) No person may make any false or misleading representation, statement, or certification, or falsify or conceal any material fact, either directly to the Department of Commerce, or an official of any other United States agency, including the Department of Homeland Security and the Department of Justice, or indirectly through any other person— (i) in the course of an investigation or other action subject to the Export Administration Regulations; (ii) in connection with the preparation, submission, issuance, use, or maintenance of any export control document or any report filed or required to be filed pursuant to the Export Administration Regulations; or (iii) for the purpose of or in connection with effecting any export, reexport, or incountry transfer of an item subject to the Export Administration Regulations or a service or other activity of a United States person described in section 1754. (G) No person may engage in any transaction or take any other action with intent to evade the provisions of this part, the Export Administration Regulations, or any order, license, or authorization issued thereunder. (H) No person may fail or refuse to comply with any reporting or recordkeeping requirements of the Export Administration Regulations or of any order, license, or authorization issued thereunder. (I) Except as specifically authorized in the Export Administration Regulations or in writing by the Department of Commerce, no person may alter any license, authorization, export control document, or order issued under the Export Administration Regulations. (J) No person may take any action that is prohibited by a denial order or a temporary denial order issued by the Department of Commerce to prevent imminent violations of this part, the Export Administration Regulations, or any order, license or authorization issued thereunder. (3) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(F), any representation, statement, or certification made by any person shall be deemed to be continuing in effect. Each person who has made a representation, statement, or certification to the Department of Commerce relating to any order, license, or other authorization issued under this part shall notify the Department of Commerce, in writing, of any change of any material fact or intention from that previously represented, stated, or certified, immediately upon receipt of any information that would lead a reasonably prudent person to know that a change of material fact or intention had occurred or may occur in the future. (b) CRIMINAL PENALTY .—A person who willfully commits, willfully attempts to commit, or willfully conspires to commit, or aids and abets in the commission of, an unlawful act described in subsection (a)— (1) shall be fined not more than $1,000,000; and (2) in the case of the individual, shall be imprisoned for not more than 20 years, or both. (c) CIVILPENALTIES .— (1) AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may impose the following civil penalties on a person for each violation by that person of this part or any regulation, order, or license issued under this part, for each violation: (A) A fine of not more than $300,000 or an amount that is twice the value of the transaction that is the basis of the violation with respect to which the penalty is imposed, whichever is greater. (B) Revocation of a license issued under this part to the person. (C) A prohibition on the person’s ability to export, reexport, or incountry transfer any items controlled under this part. (2) PROCEDURES .—Any civil penalty under this subsection may be imposed only after notice and opportunity for an agency hearing on the record in accordance with sections 554 through 557 of title 5, United States Code. (3) STANDARDS FOR LEVELS OF CIVIL PEN ALTY.—The Secretary may by regulation provide standards for establishing levels of civil penalty under this subsection based upon factors such as the seriousness of the violation, the culpability of the violator, and such mitigating factors as the violator’s record of cooperation with the Government in disclosing the violation. (d) CRIMINAL FORFEITURE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Any person who is convicted under subsection (b) of a violation of a control imposed under section 1753 (or any regulation, order, or license issued with respect to such control) shall, in addition to any other penalty, forfeit to the United States any of the person’s property— (A) used or intended to be used, in any manner, to commit or facilitate the violation; (B) constituting or traceable to the gross proceeds taken, obtained, or retained, in connection with or as a result of the violation; or (C) constituting an item or technology that is exported or intended to be exported in violation of this title. (2) PROCEDURES .—The procedures in any forfeiture under this subsection shall be governed by the procedures established under section 413 of the Comprehensive Drug Abuse Prevention and Control Act of 1970 (21 U.S.C. 853), other than subsection (d) of such section. (e) PRIOR CONVICTIONS .— (1) LICENSE BAR .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may— (i) deny the eligibility of any person convicted of a criminal violation described in subparagraph (B) to export, reexport, or incountry transfer outside the United States any item, whether or not subject to controls under this part, for a period of up to 10 years beginning on the date of the conviction; and (ii) revoke any license or other authorization to export, reexport, or incountry transfer items that was issued under this part and in which such person has an interest at the time of the conviction. (B) VIOLATIONS .—The violations referred to in subparagraph (A) are any criminal violations of, or criminal attempt or conspiracy to violate— (i) this part (or any regulation, license, or order issued under this part); (ii) any regulation, license, or order issued under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act; (iii) section 371, 554, 793, 794, or 798 of title 18, United States Code; (iv) section 1001 of title 18, United States Code; 
(v) section 4(b) of the Internal Security Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 783(b)); or (vi) section 38 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778). (2) APPLICATION TO OTHER PARTIES .—The Sec retary may exercise the authority under paragraph (1) with respect to any person related, through affiliation, ownership, control, position of responsibility, or other connection in the conduct of trade or business, to any person convicted of any violation of law set forth in paragraph (1), upon a showing of such relationship with the convicted party, and subject to the procedures set forth in subsection (c)(2). (f) OTHER AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in subsection (c), (d), or (e) limits— (1) the availability of other administrative or judicial remedies with respect to violations of this part, or any regulation, order, license or other authorization issued under this part; (2) the authority to compromise and settle administrative proceedings brought with respect to violations of this part, or any regulation, order, license, or other authorization issued under this part; or (3) the authority to compromise, remit or mitigate seizures and forfeitures pursuant to section 1(b) of title VI of the Act of June 15, 1917 (22 U.S.C. 401(b)). 
(a) A UTHORITIES .—In order to enforce this part, the Secretary, on behalf of the President, may exercise, in addition to relevant enforcement authorities of other Federal agencies, the authority to— (1) issue orders and guidelines; (2) require, inspect, and obtain books, records, and any other information from any person subject to the provisions of this part; (3) administer oaths or affirmations and by subpoena require any person to appear and testify or to appear and produce books, records, and other writings, or both; (4) conduct investigations within the United States and outside the United States consistent with applicable law; (5) inspect, search, detain, seize, or issue temporary denial orders with respect to items, in any form, that are subject to controls under this part, or conveyances on which it is believed that there are items that have been, are being, or are about to be exported, reexported, or incountry transferred in violation of this part, or any regulations, order, license, or other authorization issued thereunder; (6) carry firearms; (7) conduct prelicense inspections and post shipment verifications; and (8) execute warrants and make arrests. (b) UNDERCOVER INVESTIGATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Amounts made available to carry out this part may be used by the Secretary to carry out undercover investigations that are necessary for detection and prosecution of violations of this part, including to— (A) purchase property, buildings, and other facilities, and to lease space, within the United States, the District of Columbia, and the territories and possessions of the United States without regard to— (i) sections 1341 and 3324 of title 31, United States Code; (ii) section 8141 of title 40, United States Code; (iii) sections 3901, 6301(a) and (b)(1) to (3), and 6306 of title 41, United States Code; and (iv) chapter 45 of title 41, United States Code; and (B) establish or acquire proprietary corporations or business entities as part of the undercover operation and operate such corporations or business entities on a commercial basis, without regard to sections 9102 and 9103 of title 31, United States Code. (2) DEPOSIT OF AMOUNTS IN BANKS OR OTHER  
FINANCIAL INSTITUTIONS .—Amounts made available to carry out this part that are used to carry out undercover operations under paragraph (1) may be deposited in banks or other financial institutions without regard to the provisions of section 648 of title 18, United States Code, and section 3302 of title 31, United States Code. (3) OFFSET OF NECESSARY AND REASONABLE EX PENSES .—Any proceeds from an undercover operation carried out under paragraph (1) may be used to offset necessary and reasonable expenses incurred in such undercover operation without regard to the provisions of section 3302 of title 31, United States Code. (4) DISPOSITION OF CORPORATIONS AND BUSI NESS ENTITIES .—If a corporation or business entity established or acquired as part of an undercover operation carried out under paragraph (1) with a net value of over $50,000 is to be liquidated, sold, or otherwise disposed of, the Secretary shall report the circumstances to the Comptroller General of the United States as much in advance of such disposition as the Secretary determines is practicable. The proceeds of the liquidation, sale, or other disposition, after obligations are met, shall be deposited in the Treasury of the United States as miscellaneous receipts. Any property or equipment purchased pursuant to paragraph (1) may be retained for subsequent use in undercover operations under this section. When such property or equipment is no longer needed, it shall be considered surplus and disposed of as surplus government property. (5) DEPOSIT OF PROCEEDS .—As soon as the proceeds from an undercover operation carried out under paragraph (1), with respect to which an action is certified and carried out under this subsection, are no longer needed for the conduct of such operation, the proceeds or the balance of such proceeds remaining at the time shall be deposited into the Treasury of the United States as miscellaneous receipts. (c) ENFORCEMENT OF SUBPOENAS .—In the case of contumacy by, or refusal to obey a subpoena issued to, any person under subsection (a)(3), a district court of the United States, after notice to such person and a hearing, shall have jurisdiction to issue an order requiring such person to appear and give testimony or to appear and produce books, records, and other writings, regardless of format, that are the subject of the subpoena. Any failure to obey such order of the court may be punished by such court as a contempt thereof. (d) BESTPRACTICE GUIDELINES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consultation with the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies, should publish and update ‘‘best practices’’ guidelines to assist persons in developing and implementing, on a voluntary basis, effective export control programs in compliance with the regulations issued under this part. (2) EXPORT COMPLIANCE PROGRAM .—The im plementation by a person of an effective export compliance program and a high quality overall export compliance effort by a person should ordinarily be given weight as mitigating factors in a civil penalty action against the person under this part. (e) REFERENCE TO ENFORCEMENT .—For pur poses of this section, a reference to the enforcement of, or a violation of, this part includes a reference to the enforcement or a violation of any regulation, order, license or other authorization issued pursuant to this part. (f) WIRETAPPING .—Section 2516(1) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subparagraph (s), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (t) as subparagraph (u); and (3) by inserting after subparagraph (s) (as amended by paragraph (1) of this subsection) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(t) any violation of the Export Control Reform Act of 2018; or’’. (g) IMMUNITY .—A person shall not be excused from complying with any requirements under this section because of the person’s privilege against selfincrimination, but the immunity provisions of section 6002 of title 18, United States Code, shall apply with respect to any individual who specifically claims such privilege. (h) CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .— (1) EXEMPTIONS FROM DISCLOSURE .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Information obtained under this part may be withheld from disclosure only to the extent permitted by statute, except that information described in subparagraph (B) shall be withheld from public disclosure and shall not be subject to disclosure under section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code, unless the release of such information is determined by the Secretary to be in the national interest. (B) INFORMATION DESCRIBED .—Information described in this subparagraph is information submitted or obtained in connection with an application for a license or other authorization to export, reexport, or incountry transfer items or engage in other activities, a recordkeeping or reporting requirement, an enforcement activity, or other operations under this part, including— (i) the license application, license, or other authorization itself; (ii) classification or advisory opinion requests, and the response thereto; (iii) license determinations, and information pertaining thereto; (iv) information or evidence obtained in the course of any investigation; and (v) information obtained or furnished in connection with any international agreement, treaty, or other obligation. (2) INFORMATION TO THE CONGRESS AND  GAO.— (A) IN GENERAL .—Nothing in this section shall be construed as authorizing the withholding of information from the Congress or from the Government Accountability Office. (B) AVAILABILITY TO THE CONGRESS .— (i) IN GENERAL .—Any information obtained at any time under any provision of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act and as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)), under the Export Administration Regulations, or under this part, including any report or license application required under any such provision, shall be made available to a committee or subcommittee of Congress of appropriate jurisdiction, upon the request of the chairman or ranking minority member of such committee or subcommittee. (ii) PROHIBITION ON FURTHER DISCLOSURE .— No such committee or subcommittee, or member thereof, may disclose any information made available under clause (i), that is submitted on a confidential basis unless the full committee determines that the withholding of that information is contrary to the national interest. (C) AVAILABILITY TO GAO.— (i) IN GENERAL .—Information described in clause (i) of subparagraph (B) shall be subject to the limitations contained in section 716 of title 31, United States Code. (ii) PROHIBITION ON FURTHER DISCLOSURE .— An officer or employee of the Government Accountability Office may not disclose, except to the Congress in accordance with this paragraph, any such information that is submitted on a confidential basis or from which any individual can be identified. (3) INFORMATION SHARING .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Any Federal official described in section 1755(a) who obtains information that is relevant to the enforcement of this part, including information pertaining to any investigation, shall furnish such information to each appropriate department, agency, or office with enforcement responsibilities under this section to the extent consistent with the protection of intelligence, counterintelligence, and law enforcement sources, methods, and activities. (B) EXCEPTIONS .—The provisions of this paragraph shall not apply to information subject to the restrictions set forth in section 9 of title 13, 
United States Code, and return information, as defined in subsection (b) of section 6103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (26 U.S.C. 6103(b)), may be disclosed only as authorized by that section. (C) EXCHANGE OF INFORMATION .—The President shall ensure that the heads of departments, agencies, and offices with enforcement authorities under this part, consistent with protection of law enforcement and its sources and methods— (i) exchange any licensing and enforcement information with one another that is necessary to facilitate enforcement efforts under this section; and (ii) consult on a regular basis with one another and with the head of other departments, agencies, and offices that obtain information subject to this paragraph, in order to facilitate the exchange of such information. (D) INFORMATION SHARING WITH FEDERAL  
AGENCIES .—Licensing or enforcement information obtained under this part may be shared with departments, agencies, and offices that do not have enforcement authorities under this part on a casebycase basis. (i) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—In the administration of this section, reporting requirements shall be designed to reduce the cost of reporting, recordkeeping, and documentation to the extent consistent with effective enforcement and compilation of useful trade statistics. Reporting, recordkeeping, and documentation requirements shall be periodically reviewed and revised in the light of developments in the field of information technology. (j) CIVILFORFEITURE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Any property, real or personal, tangible or intangible, seized under subsection (a) by designated officers or employees shall be subject to forfeiture to the United States in accordance with applicable law. (2) PROCEDURES .—Any seizure or forfeiture under this subsection shall be carried out in accordance with the procedures set forth in section 981 of title 18, United States Code. (k) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to limit or otherwise affect the enforcement authorities of the Department of Homeland Security which may also complement those set forth herein. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided in section 1760(c)(2)or 1774(c), the functions exercised under this part shall not be subject to sections 551, 553 through 559, and 701 through 706 of title 5, United States Code. (b) ADMINISTRATIVE LAWJUDGES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may— (A) appoint administrative law judges, consistent with the provisions of section 3105 of title 5, United States Code; and (B) designate properly appointed administrative law judges from other Federal agencies who are provided to the Department of Commerce pursuant to a legally authorized interagency agreement. (2) LIMITATION .—An administrative law judge appointed or designated by the Secretary under paragraph (1) may preside only over proceedings of the Department of Commerce. (c) AMENDMENTS TO REGULATIONS .—The President shall notify in advance the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives of any proposed amendments to the Export Administration Regulations with an explanation of the intent and rationale of such amendments. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall review and evaluate the interagency export license referral, review, and escalation processes for dual use items and munitions under the licensing jurisdiction of the Department of Commerce or any other Federal agency, as appropriate, to determine whether current practices and procedures are consistent with established national security and foreign policy objectives. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains the results of the review carried out under subsection (a). (c) OPERATING COMMITTEE FOR EXPORT POLICY.—In any case in which the Operating Committee for Export Policy established by Executive Order 12981 (December 5, 1991; relating to Administration of Export Controls) is meeting to conduct an interagency dispute resolution relating to applications for export licenses under the Export Administration Regulations, matters relating to jet engine hot section technology, commercial communication satellites, and emerging or foundational technology may be decided by majority vote. (d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives; and (2) the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate. 
SEC. 1764. CONSULTATION WITH OTHER AGENCIES ON COMMODITY CLASSIFICATION. 
Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of Energy, as appropriate, regarding commodity classifications for any item the Secretary and the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of State, and the Secretary of Energy identify and mutually determine is materially significant enough to warrant interagency consultation. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall submit to Congress, by December 31 of each year, a report on the implementation of this part during the preceding fiscal year. The report shall include a review of— (1) the effect of controls imposed under this part on exports, reexports, and incountry transfers of items in addressing threats to the national security or foreign policy of the United States, including a description of licensing processing times; (2) the impact of such controls on the scientific and technological leadership of the United States; (3) the consistency with such controls of export controls imposed by other countries; (4) efforts to provide exporters with compliance assistance, including specific actions to assist small and mediumsized businesses; (5) a summary of regulatory changes from the prior fiscal year; (6) a summary of export enforcement actions, including of actions taken to implement enduse monitoring of dualuse, military, and other items subject to the Export Administration Regulations; (7) a summary of approved license applications to proscribed persons; (8) efforts undertaken within the previous year to comply with the requirements of section 1759, including any critical technologies identified under such section and how or whether such critical technologies were controlled for export; and (9) a summary of industrial base assessments conducted during the previous year by the Department of Commerce, including with respect to counterfeit electronics, foundational technologies, and other research and analysis of critical technologies and industrial capabilities of key defenserelated sectors. (b) FORM.—The report required under subsection (a) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)) (other than sections 11A, 11B, and 11C of such Export Administration Act of 1979) is repealed. (b) IMPLEMENTATION .—The President shall implement the amendment made by subsection (a) by exercising the authorities of the President under the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this part, nothing contained in this part shall be construed to modify, repeal, supersede, or otherwise affect the provisions of any other laws authorizing control over the export or reexport of any item. (b) COORDINATION OF CONTROLS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The authority granted to the President under this part shall be exercised in such manner so as to achieve effective coordination with the authority exercised under section 38 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2778) and all other export control and sanctions authorities exercised by Federal departments and agencies, particularly the Department of State, the Department of the Treasury, and the Department of Energy. (2) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that in order to achieve effective coordination described in paragraph (1), such Federal departments and agencies— (A) should continuously work to create enforceable regulations with respect to the export, reexport, and incountry transfer by United States and foreign persons of commodities, software, technology, and services to various end uses and end users for foreign policy and national security reasons; (B) should regularly work to reduce complexity in the system, including complexity caused merely by the existence of structural, definitional, and other nonpolicy based differences between and among different export control and sanctions systems; and (C) should coordinate controls on items exported, reexported, or incountry transferred in connection with a foreign military sale under chapter 2 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2761 et seq.) or a commercial sale under section 38 of the Arms Export Control Act to reduce as much unnecessary administrative burden as possible that is a result of differences between the exercise of those two authorities. (c) NONPROLIFERATION CONTROLS .—Nothing in this part shall be construed to supersede the procedures published by the President pursuant to section 309(c) of the Nuclear NonProliferation Act of 1978. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—All delegations, rules, regulations, orders, determinations, licenses, or other forms of administrative action that have been made, issued, conducted, or allowed to become effective under the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act and as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)), or the Export Administration Regulations, and are in effect as of the date of the enactment of this Act, shall continue in effect according to their terms until modified, superseded, set aside, or revoked under the authority of this part. (b) ADMINISTRATIVE AND JUDICIAL PROCEEDINGS .—This part shall not affect any administrative or judicial proceedings commenced, or any applications for licenses made, under the Export Administration Act of 1979 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act and as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act), or the Export Administration Regulations. (c) CERTAIN DETERMINATIONS AND REFERENCES .— (1) STATE SPONSORS OF TERRORISM .—Any de termination that was made under section 6(j) of 
the Export Administration Act of 1979 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act and as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act) shall continue in effect as if the determination had been made under section 1754(c). (2) REFERENCE .—Any reference in any other provision of law to a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 6(j) of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act and as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act), is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism shall be deemed to refer to a country the government of which the Secretary of State has determined, for purposes of section 1754(c), is a government that has repeatedly provided support for acts of international terrorism. PART II—ANTIBOYCOTT ACT OF 2018 
This part may be cited as the ‘‘AntiBoycott Act of 2018’’. 
Congress declares it is the policy of the United States— (1) to oppose restrictive trade practices or boycotts fostered or imposed by any foreign country against other countries friendly to the United States or against any United States person; (2) to encourage and, in specified cases, require United States persons engaged in the export of goods or technology or other information to refuse to take actions, including furnishing information or entering into or implementing agreements, which have the effect of furthering or supporting the restrictive trade practices or boycotts fostered or imposed by any foreign country against a country friendly to the United States or any United States person; and (3) to foster international cooperation and the development of international rules and institutions to assure reasonable access to world supplies. 
(a) P ROHIBITIONS AND EXCEPTIONS .— (1) PROHIBITIONS .—For the purpose of implementing the policies set forth in section 1772, the President shall issue regulations prohibiting any United States person, with respect to that person’s activities in the interstate or foreign commerce of the United States, from taking or knowingly agreeing to take any of the following actions with intent to comply with, further, or support any boycott fostered or imposed by any foreign country, against a country which is friendly to the United States and which is not itself the object of any form of boycott pursuant to United States law or regulation: (A) Refusing, or requiring any other person to refuse, to do business with or in the boycotted country, with any business concern organized under the laws of the boycotted country, with any national or resident of the boycotted country, or with any other person, pursuant to an agreement with, a requirement of, or a request from or on behalf of the boycotting country. The mere absence of a business relationship with or in the boycotted country with any business concern organized under the laws of the boycotted country, with any national or resident of the boycotted country, or with any other person, does not indicate the existence of the intent required to establish a violation of regulations issued to carry out this subparagraph. (B) Refusing, or requiring any other person to refuse, to employ or otherwise discriminating against any United States person on the basis of race, religion, sex, or national origin of that person or of any owner, officer, director, or employee of such person. (C) Furnishing information with respect to the race, religion, sex, or national origin of any United States person or of any owner, officer, director, or employee of such person. (D) Furnishing information about whether any person has, has had, or proposes to have any business relationship (including a relationship by way of sale, purchase, legal or commercial representation, shipping or other transport, insurance, investment, or supply) with or in the boycotted country, with any business concern organized under the laws of the boycotted country, with any national or resident of the boycotted country, or with any other person which is known or believed to be restricted from having any business relationship with or in the boycotting country. Nothing in this subparagraph shall prohibit the furnishing of normal business information in a commercial context as defined by the Secretary. (E) Furnishing information about whether any person is a member of, has made contributions to, or is otherwise associated with or involved in the activities of any charitable or fraternal organization which supports the boycotted country. (F) Paying, honoring, confirming, or otherwise implementing a letter of credit which contains any condition or requirement compliance with which is prohibited by regulations issued pursuant to this paragraph, and no United States person shall, as a result of the application of this paragraph, be obligated to pay or otherwise honor or implement such letter of credit. (2) EXCEPTIONS .—Regulations issued pursuant to paragraph (1) shall provide exceptions for— (A) complying or agreeing to comply with requirements— (i) prohibiting the import of goods or services from the boycotted country or goods produced or services provided by any business concern organized under the laws of the boycotted country or by nationals or residents of the boycotted country; or (ii) prohibiting the shipment of goods to the boycotting country on a carrier of the boycotted country, or by a route other than that prescribed by the boycotting country or the recipient of the shipment; (B) complying or agreeing to comply with import and shipping document requirements with respect to the country of origin, the name of the carrier and route of shipment, the name of the supplier of the shipment or the name of the provider of other services, except that no information knowingly furnished or conveyed in response to such requirements may be stated in negative, blacklisting, or similar exclusionary terms, other than with respect to carriers or route of shipment as may be permitted by such regulations in order to comply with precautionary requirements protecting against war risks and confiscation; (C) complying or agreeing to comply in the normal course of business with the unilateral and specific selection by a boycotting country, or national or resident thereof, of carriers, insurers, suppliers of services to be performed within the boycotting country or specific goods which, in the normal course of business, are identifiable by source when imported into the boycotting country; (D) complying or agreeing to comply with export requirements of the boycotting country relating to shipments or transshipments of exports to the boycotted country, to any business concern of or organized under the laws of the boycotted country, or to any national or resident of the boycotted country; (E) compliance by an individual or agreement by an individual to comply with the immigration or passport requirements of any country with respect to such individual or any member of such individual’s family or with requests for information regarding requirements of employment of such individual within the boycotting country; and (F) compliance by a United States person resident in a foreign country or agreement by such person to comply with the laws of that country with respect to his activities exclusively therein, and such regulations may contain exceptions for such resident complying with the laws or regulations of that foreign country governing imports into such country of trademarked, trade named, or similarly specifically identifiable products, or components of products for his own use, including the performance of contractual services within that country, as may be defined by such regulations. (3) SPECIAL RULES .—Regulations issued pursuant to paragraphs (2)(C) and (2)(F) shall not provide exceptions from paragraphs (1)(B) and (1)(C). (4) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection may be construed to supersede or limit the operation of the antitrust or civil rights laws of the United States. (5) APPLICATION .—This section shall apply to any transaction or activity undertaken, by or through a United States person or any other person, with intent to evade the provisions of this section as implemented by the regulations issued pursuant to this subsection, and such regulations shall expressly provide that the exceptions set forth in paragraph (2) shall not permit activities or agreements (expressed or implied by a course of conduct, including a pattern of responses) otherwise prohibited, which are not within the intent of such exceptions. (b) FOREIGN POLICY CONTROLS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In addition to the regulations issued pursuant to subsection (a), regulations issued under part I to carry out the policies set forth in section 1752(1)(D) shall implement the policies set forth in this section. (2) REQUIREMENTS .—Such regulations shall require that any United States person receiving a request for the furnishing of information, the entering into or implementing of agreements, or the taking of any other action referred to in subsection (a) shall report that fact to the Secretary, together with such other information concerning such request as the Secretary may require for such action as the Secretary considers appropriate for carrying out the policies of that section. Such person shall also report to the Secretary whether such person intends to comply and whether such person has complied with such request. Any report filed pursuant to this paragraph shall be made available promptly for public inspection and copying, except that information regarding the quantity, description, and value of any goods or technology to which such report relates may be kept confidential if the Secretary determines that disclosure thereof would place the United States person involved at a competitive disadvantage. The Secretary shall periodically transmit summaries of the information contained in such reports to the Secretary of State for such action as the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary, considers appropriate for carrying out the policies set forth in section 1772. (c) PREEMPTION .—The provisions of this section and the regulations issued pursuant thereto shall preempt any law, rule, or regulation of any of the several States or the District of Columbia, or any of the territories or possessions of the United States, or of any governmental subdivision thereof, which law, rule, or regulation pertains to participation in, compliance with, implementation of, or the furnishing of information regarding restrictive trade practices or boycotts fostered or imposed by foreign countries against other countries friendly to the United States. 
(a) C RIMINAL PENALTY .—A person who willfully commits, willfully attempts to commit, or willfully conspires to commit, or aids or abets in the commission of, an unlawful act section 1773— (1) shall, upon conviction, be fined not more than $1,000,000; or (2) if a natural person, may be imprisoned for not more than 20 years, or both. (b) CIVILPENALTIES .—The President may impose the following civil penalties on a person 
who violates section 1773 or any regulation issued under this part: (1) A fine of not more than $300,000 or an amount that is twice the value of the transaction that is the basis of the violation with respect to which the penalty is imposed, whichever is greater. (2) Revocation of a license issued under part I to the person. (3) A prohibition on the person’s ability to export, reexport, or incountry transfer any items controlled under part I. (c) PROCEDURES .—Any civil penalty or administrative sanction (including any suspension or revocation of authority to export) under this section may be imposed only after notice and opportunity for an agency hearing on the record in accordance with sections 554 through 557 of title 5, United States Code, and shall be subject to judicial review in accordance with chapter 7 of such title. (d) STANDARDS FOR LEVELS OF CIVIL PENALTY.—The President may by regulation provide standards for establishing levels of civil penalty under this section based upon factors such as the seriousness of the violation, the culpability of the violator, and the violator’s record of cooperation with the Government in disclosing the violation. PART III—ADMINISTRATIVE AUTHORITIES 
SEC. 1781. UNDER SECRETARY OF COMMERCE FOR INDUSTRY AND SECURITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On and after the date of the enactment of this Act, any reference in any law or regulation to the Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration shall be deemed to be a reference to the Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security. (b) TITLE 5.—Section 5314 of title 5, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration’’ and inserting ‘‘Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security’’. (c) CONTINUATION IN OFFICE .—The individual serving as Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration on the day before the date of the enactment of this Act may serve as the Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security on and after that date without the need for renomination or reappointment. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous 
Section 717(a) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4564(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2025’’. 
SEC. 1792. LIMITATION ON CANCELLATION OF DESIGNATION OF SECRETARY OF THE AIR FORCE AS DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EXECUTIVE AGENT FOR A CERTAIN DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACT PROGRAM. 
(a) L IMITATION ON CANCELLATION OF DESIGNA TION.—The Secretary of Defense may not implement the decision, issued on July 1, 2017, to cancel the designation, under Department of Defense Directive 4400.01E, entitled ‘‘Defense Production Act Programs’’ and dated October 12, 2001, of the Secretary of the Air Force as the Department of Defense Executive Agent for the program carried out under title III of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4531 et seq.) until the date specified in subsection (c). (b) DESIGNATION .—The Secretary of the Air Force shall continue to serve as the sole and exclusive Department of Defense Executive Agent for the program described in subsection (a) until the date specified in subsection (c). (c) DATE SPECIFIED .—The date specified in this subsection is the date of the enactment of a joint resolution or an Act approving the implementation of the decision described in subsection (a). SEC. 1793. REVIEW OF AND REPORT ON CERTAIN DEFENSE TECHNOLOGIES CRITICAL TO THE UNITED STATES MAINTAINING SUPERIOR MILITARY CAPABILITIES. 
(a) R EVIEW REQUIRED .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence, in consultation with the Air Force Research Laboratory, the Defense Advanced Projects Research Agency, and such other appropriate research entities as the Secretary and the Director may identify, shall— (1) jointly carry out and complete a review of key national security technology capability advantages, competitions, and gaps between the United States and ‘‘near peer’’ nations; (2) develop a definition of ‘‘near peer nation’’ for purposes of paragraph (1); and (3) submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the findings of the Secretary and the Director with respect to the review conducted under paragraph (1). (b) ELEMENTS .—The review conducted under paragraph (1) of subsection (a), and the report required by paragraph (3) of that subsection, shall identify, at a minimum, the following: (1) Key United States industries and research and development activities expected to be critical to maintaining a national security technology capability if, during the 5year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary and the Director anticipate that— (A) a United States industrial base shortfall will exist; and (B) United States industry will be unable to or otherwise will not provide the needed capacity in a timely manner without financial assistance from the United States Government through existing statutory authorities specifically intended for that purpose, including assistance provided under title III of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4531 et seq.) and other appropriate authorities. (2) Key areas in which the United States currently enjoys a technological advantage. (3) Key areas in which the United States no longer enjoys a technological advantage. (4) Sectors of the defense industrial base in which the United States lacks adequate productive capacity to meet critical national defense needs. (5) Priority areas for which appropriate statutory industrial base incentives should be applied as the most costeffective, expedient, and practical alternative for meeting the technology or defense industrial base needs identified under this subsection, including— (A) sustainment of critical production and supply chain capabilities; (B) commercialization of research and development investments; (C) scaling of emerging technologies; and (D) other areas as determined by the Secretary and the Director. (6) Priority funding recommendations with respect to key areas that the Secretary, in consultation with the Director, determines are— (A) critical to the United States maintaining superior military capabilities, especially with respect to potential peer and near peer military or economic competitors, during the 5year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act; and (B) suitable for longterm investment from funds made available under title III of the Defense Production Act of 1950 and other appropriate statutory authorities. (c) FORM OF REPORT .—The report required by subsection (a)(3) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the Committee on Banking, Housing and Urban Affairs, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (2) the Committee on Financial Services, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS 
This division may be cited as the ‘‘Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. 
SEC. 2002. EXPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AND AMOUNTS REQUIRED TO BE SPECIFIED BY LAW. 
(a) E XPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATIONS AFTER FIVEYEARS.—Except as provided in subsection (b), all authorizations contained in titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program (and authorizations of appropriations therefor) shall expire on the later of— (1) October 1, 2023; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2024. (b) EXCEPTION .—Subsection (a) shall not apply to authorizations for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, and contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program (and authorizations of appropriations therefor), for which appropriated funds have been obligated before the later of— (1) October 1, 2023; or (2) the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for fiscal year 2024 for military construction projects, land acquisition, family housing projects and facilities, or contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program. 
Titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX shall take effect on the later of— (1) October 1, 2018; or (2) the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE XXI—ARMY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2101. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2102. Family housing. Sec. 2103. Authorization of appropriations, Army. Sec. 2104. Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal year 2015 projects. Sec. 2105. Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal year 2016 project. 
SEC. 2101. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construction projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military construction projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out the military construction project for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may construct or acquire family housing units (including land acquisition and supporting facilities) at the installations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2103(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $18,326,000. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Army as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) LIMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2101 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. SEC. 2104. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (128 Stat. 3670), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2019, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2020, whichever is later. (b) TABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
SEC. 2105. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1145) the authorization set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2101 of that Act (129 Stat. 1146), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2023, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2024, whichever is later. (b) T ABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
TITLE XXII—NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2201. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2202. Family housing. Sec. 2203. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2204. Authorization of appropriations, Navy. 
SEC. 2201. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construction projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military construction projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installation or location outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
(a) C ONSTRUCTION AND ACQUISITION .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may construct or acquire family housing units (including land acquisition and supporting facilities) at the installations or locations, in the number of units, and in the amounts set forth in the following table: 
(b) P LANNING AND DESIGN .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $4,502,000. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2204(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $16,638,000. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Navy, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) LIMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2201 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. TITLE XXIII—AIR FORCE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2301. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2302. Family housing. Sec. 2303. Improvements to military family housing units. Sec. 2304. Authorization of appropriations, Air Force. Sec. 2305. Modification of authority to carry out certain phased project authorized in fiscal years 2015, 2016, and 2017. Sec. 2306. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2017 project. Sec. 2307. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 project. Sec. 2308. Additional authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 projects. Sec. 2309. Additional authority to carry out project at Travis Air Force Base, California, in fiscal year 2019. 
SEC. 2301. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construction projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military construction projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installation or location outside the United States, and in the amount, set forth in the following table: 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may carry out architectural and engineering services and construction design activities with respect to the construction or improvement of family housing units in an amount not to exceed $3,199,000. 
Subject to section 2825 of title 10, United States Code, and using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2304(a) and available for military family housing functions as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may improve existing military family housing units in an amount not to exceed $75,247,000. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of the Air Force, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) LIMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2301 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2305. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN PHASED PROJECT AUTHORIZED IN FISCAL YEARS 2015, 2016, AND 2017. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3679) for Royal Air Force Croughton, for JIAC Consolidation Phase 1, the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1153) for Croughton Royal Air Force, for JIAC Consolidation Phase 2, and the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114– 328; 130 Stat. 2697) for Royal Air Force Croughton, for JIAC Consolidation Phase 3, the location shall be United Kingdom, Unspecified. SEC. 2306. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2017 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2696) for Joint Base San Antonio, Texas, for construction of a basic military training recruit dormitory, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a 26,537 square meter dormitory in the amount of $92,300,000. 
SEC. 2307. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2018 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2301(a) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1825) for the United States Air Force Academy, Colorado, for construction of a cyberworks facility, the Secretary of the Air Force may construct a facility of up to 4,462 square meters that includes two real property gifts of construction of 929 and 465 square meters if such gift is accepted by the Secretary in accordance with section 2601 of title 10, United States Code. 
SEC. 2308. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2019 PROJECTS. 
(a) P ROJECT AUTHORIZATIONS .—The Secretary of the Air Force may carry out military construction projects to construct— (1) a 6,702 square meter Joint Simulation Environment Facility at Edwards Air Force Base, California, in the amount of $43,000,000; (2) a 4,833 square meter Cyberspace Test Facility at Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, in the amount of $38,000,000; and (3) a 4,735 square meter Joint Simulation Environment Facility at Nellis Air Force Base, Nevada, in the amount of $30,000,000. (b) USE OF RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST, 
ANDEVALUATION FUNDS.—As provided for in the Defense Laboratory Modernization Pilot Program authorized by section 2803 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1169), the Secretary may use funds available for research, development, test, and evaluation for the projects described in subsection (a). 
SEC. 2309. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT PROJECT AT TRAVIS AIR FORCE BASE, CALIFORNIA, IN FISCAL YEAR 2019. 
The Secretary of the Air Force may carry out a military construction project to construct a 150,000 square foot highbay air cargo pallet storage and marshaling enclosure integral to installation of a mechanized material handling system at Travis Air Force Base, California, in the amount of $35,000,000. TITLE XXIV—DEFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2401. Authorized defense agencies construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2402. Authorized energy conservation projects. Sec. 2403. Authorization of appropriations, defense agencies. Sec. 2404. Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal year 2015 projects. Sec. 2405. Authorization of certain fiscal year 2018 project. 
SEC. 2401. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construction projects inside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States State Installation or Location Amount 
Defense Agencies: Inside the United States —Continued State Installation or Location Amount 
(b) O UTSIDE THE UNITED STATES .—Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for military construction projects outside the United States as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the installations or locations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States Country Installation or Location Amount 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2403(a) and available for energy conservation projects as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of Defense may carry out energy conservation projects under chapter 173 of title 10, United States Code. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2018, for military construction, land acquisition, and military family housing functions of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) LIMITATION ON TOTAL COST OF CONSTRUC TION PROJECTS .—Notwithstanding the cost variations authorized by section 2853 of title 10, United States Code, and any other cost variation authorized by law, the total cost of all projects carried out under section 2401 of this Act may not exceed the total amount authorized to be appropriated under subsection (a), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2404. EXTENSION OF AUTHORIZATIONS OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2015 PROJECTS. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Notwithstanding section 2002 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3669), the authorizations set forth in the table in subsection (b), as provided in section 2401 of that Act (128 Stat. 3681) and as amended by section 2406 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1831), shall remain in effect until October 1, 2019, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2020, whichever is later. (b) TABLE.—The table referred to in subsection (a) is as follows: 
SEC. 2405. AUTHORIZATION OF CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2018 PROJECT. 
The table in section 2401(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 105–91) is amended by inserting after the item relating to South Carolina the following new item: 
TITLE XXV—INTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program Sec. 2501. Authorized NATO construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2502. Authorization of appropriations, NATO. Subtitle B—Host Country Inkind Contributions Sec. 2511. Republic of Korea funded construction projects. 
SEC. 2501. AUTHORIZED NATO CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may make contributions for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program as provided in section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, in an amount not to exceed the sum of the amount authorized to be appropriated for this purpose in section 2502 and the amount collected from the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as a result of construction previously financed by the United States. SEC. 2502. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NATO. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2018, for contributions by the Secretary of Defense under section 2806 of title 10, United States Code, for the share of the United States of the cost of projects for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program authorized by section 2501 as specified in the funding table in section 4601. When the United States is designated as the Host Nation for the purposes of executing a project under the NATO Security Investment Program (NSIP), the Department of Defense construction agent may recognize the NATO project authorization amounts as budgetary resources to incur obligations for the purposes of executing the NSIP project. (b) AUTHORITY TO RECOGNIZE NATO A UTHOR IZATION AMOUNTS AS BUDGETARY RESOURCES  
FOR PROJECT EXECUTION .—When the United States is designated as the Host Nation for the purposes of executing a project under the NATO Security Investment Program (NSIP), the Department of Defense construction agent may recognize the NATO project authorization amounts as budgetary resources to incur obligations for the purposes of executing the NSIP project. Subtitle B—Host Country Inkind Contributions 
Pursuant to agreement with the Republic of Korea for required inkind contributions, the Secretary of Defense may accept military construction projects for the installations or locations, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army ............... Camp Humphreys ... Unaccompanied Enlisted Personnel Housing, P2 ............. $76,000,000 
Army ............... Camp Humphreys ... Echelon Above Brigade Engineer Battalion, VMF ........... $123,000,000 
Air Force ......... Osan Air Base ........ Communications HQ Building $45,000,000 
TITLE XXVI—GUARD AND RESERVE FORCES FACILITIES Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations Sec. 2601 . Authorized Army National Guard construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2602. Authorized Army Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2603. Authorized Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2604. Authorized Air National Guard construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2605. Authorized Air Force Reserve construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2606. Authorization of appropriations, National Guard and Reserve. Subtitle B—Other Matters Sec. 2611. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2016 project. Sec. 2612. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 project. Sec. 2613. Additional authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 project. 
SEC. 2601 . AUTHORIZED ARMY NATIONAL GUARD CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
SEC. 2602. AUTHORIZED ARMY RESERVE CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Army Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Army Reserve: Inside the United States State Location Amount 
SEC. 2603. AUTHORIZED NAVY RESERVE AND MARINE CORPS RESERVE CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve State Location Amount 
SEC. 2604. AUTHORIZED AIR NATIONAL GUARD CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air National Guard locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
SEC. 2605. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE RESERVE CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
Using amounts appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in section 2606 and available for the National Guard and Reserve as specified in the funding table in section 4601, the Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out military construction projects for the Air Force Reserve locations inside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
SEC. 2606. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS, NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2018, for the costs of acquisition, architectural and engineering services, and construction of facilities for the Guard and Reserve Forces, and for contributions therefor, under chapter 1803 of title 10, United States Code (including the cost of acquisition of land for those facilities), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. Subtitle B—Other Matters 
SEC. 2611. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2016 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2603 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1164) for construction of a Reserve Training Center Complex at Dam Neck, Virginia, the Secretary of the Navy may construct the Reserve Training Center Complex at Joint Expeditionary Base Little CreekStory, Virginia. 
SEC. 2612. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2018 PROJECT. 
In the case of the authorization contained in the table in section 2601 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 11591; 131 Stat. 1834) for Fort Belvoir, Virginia, for additions and alterations to the National Guard Readiness Center, the Secretary of the Army may construct a new readiness center. 
SEC. 2613. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT CERTAIN FISCAL YEAR 2019 PROJECT. 
(a) P ROJECT AUTHORIZATION .— (1) PROJECT .—The Secretary of the Navy may carry out a military construction project to construct a 50,000 square foot reserve training center, 6,600 square foot combat vehicle maintenance and storage facility, 2,400 square foot vehicle wash rack, 1,600 square foot covered training area, road improvements, and associated supporting facilities. (2) ACQUISITION OF LAND .—As part of the project under this subsection, the Secretary may acquire approximately 8.5 acres of adjacent land and obtain necessary interest in land at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, for the construction and operation of the reserve training center. (3) AMOUNT OF AUTHORIZATION .—The total amount of funds the Secretary may obligate and expend on activities under this subsection during fiscal year 2019 may not exceed $17,650,000. (b) USE OF UNOBLIGATED PRIORYEAR NAVY MILITARY CONSTRUCTION RESERVE FUNDS.—The Secretary may use available, unobligated Navy military construction reserve funds for the project described in subsection (a). (c) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—The Sec retary of the Navy shall provide information in accordance with section 2851(c) of title 10, United States Code, regarding the project described in subsection (a). If it becomes necessary to exceed the estimated project cost, the Secretary shall utilize the authority provided by section 2853 of such title regarding authorized cost and scope of work variations. TITLE XXVII—BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES Sec. 2701. Authorization of appropriations for base realignment and closure activities funded through Department of Defense Base Closure Account. Sec. 2702. Additional authority to realign or close certain military installations. Sec. 2703. Prohibition on conducting additional base realignment and closure (BRAC) round. SEC. 2701. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE ACTIVITIES FUNDED THROUGH DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE BASE CLOSURE ACCOUNT. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2018, for base realignment and closure activities, including real property acquisition and military construction projects, as authorized by the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) and funded through the Department of Defense Base Closure Account established by section 2906 of such Act (as amended by section 2711 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (division B of Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2140)), as specified in the funding table in section 4601. 
SEC. 2702. ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO REALIGN OR CLOSE CERTAIN MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Notwithstanding sections 993 or 2687 of title 10, United States Code, and subject to subsection (d), the Secretary of Defense may take such actions as may be necessary to carry out the realignment or closure of a military installation in a State during a fiscal year if— (1) the military installation is the subject of a notice which is described in subsection (b); and (2) the Secretary includes the military installation in the report submitted under paragraph (2) of subsection (c) with respect to the fiscal year. (b) NOTICE FROMGOVERNOR OF STATE.—A no tice described in this subsection is a notice received by the Secretary of Defense from the Governor of a State (or, in the case of the District of Columbia, the Mayor of the District of Columbia) in which the Governor recommends that the Secretary carry out the realignment or closure of a military installation located in the State, and which includes each of the following elements: (1) A specific description of the military installation, or a specific description of the relevant real and personal property. (2) Statements of support for the realignment or closure from units of local government in which the installation is located. (3) A detailed plan for the reuse or redevelopment of the real and personal property of the installation, together with a description of the local redevelopment authority which will be responsible for the implementation of the plan. (c) RESPONSE TO NOTICE .— (1) MANDATORY RESPONSE TO GOVERNOR AND  
CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after receiving a notice from the Governor of a State (or, in the case of the District of Columbia, from the Mayor of the District of Columbia), the Secretary of Defense shall submit a response to the notice to the Governor and the congressional defense committees indicating whether or not the Secretary accepts the recommendation for the realignment or closure of a military installation which is the subject of the notice. (2) ACCEPTANCE OF RECOMMENDATION .—If the Secretary of Defense determines that it is in the interests of the United States to accept the recommendation for the realignment or closure of a military installation which is the subject of a notice received under subsection (b) and intends to carry out the realignment or closure of the installation pursuant to the authority of this section during a fiscal year, at the time the budget is submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, for the fiscal year, the Secretary shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees which includes the following: (A) The identification of each military installation for which the Secretary intends to carry out a realignment or closure pursuant to the authority of this section during the fiscal year, together with the reasons the Secretary of Defense believes that it is in the interest of the United States to accept the recommendation of the Governor of the State involved for the realignment or closure of the installation. (B) For each military installation identified under subparagraph (A), a master plan describing the required scope of work, cost, and timing for all facility actions needed to carry out the realignment or closure, including the construction of new facilities and the repair or renovation of existing facilities. (C) For each military installation identified under subparagraph (A), a certification that, not later than the end of the fifth fiscal year after the completion of the realignment or closure, the savings resulting from the realignment or closure will exceed the costs of carrying out the realignment or closure, together with an estimate of the annual recurring savings that would be achieved by the realignment or closure of the installation and the timeframe required for the financial savings to exceed the costs of carrying out the realignment or closure. (d) LIMITATIONS .— (1) TIMING .—The Secretary may not initiate the realignment or closure of a military installation pursuant to the authority of this section until the expiration of the 90day period beginning on the date the Secretary submits the report under paragraph (2) of subsection (c). (2) TOTAL COSTS .—Subject to appropriations, the aggregate cost to the government in carrying out the realignment or closure of military installations pursuant to the authority of this section for all fiscal years may not exceed $2,000,000,000. In determining the cost to the government for purposes of this section, there shall be included the costs of planning and design, military construction, operations and maintenance, environmental restoration, information technology, termination of publicprivate contracts, guarantees, and other factors contributing to the cost of carrying out the realignment or closure, as determined by the Secretary. (e) PROCESS FOR IMPLEMENTATION .—The im plementation of the realignment or closure of a military installation pursuant to the authority 
of this section shall be carried out in accordance with section 2905 of the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (title XXIX of Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) in the same manner as the implementation of a realignment or closure of a military installation pursuant to the authority of such Act. (f) STATE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘State’’ means each of the several States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, American Samoa, Guam, the United States Virgin Islands, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. (g) TERMINATION OF AUTHORITY .—The au thority of the Secretary to carry out a realignment or closure pursuant to this section shall terminate at the end of fiscal year 2029. 
SEC. 2703. PROHIBITION ON CONDUCTING ADDITIONAL BASE REALIGNMENT AND CLOSURE (BRAC) ROUND. 
Nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize an additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. TITLE XXVIII—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION GENERAL PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing Sec. 2801. Modification of contract authority for acquisition, construction, or furnishing of test facilities and equipment. Sec. 2802. Commercial construction standards for facilities on leased property. Sec. 2803. Congressional oversight of projects carried out pursuant to laws other than Military Construction Authorization Acts. Sec. 2804. Small business setaside for contracts for architectural and engineering services and construction design. Sec. 2805. Updates and modifications to Department of Defense Form 1391, Unified Facilities Criteria, and military installation master plans. Sec. 2806. Work in Process Curve charts and outlay tables for military construction projects. Sec. 2807. Extension of temporary, limited authority to use operation and maintenance funds for construction projects in certain areas outside the United States. Sec. 2808. Authority to obtain architectural and engineering services and construction design for defense laboratory modernization program. Sec. 2809. Repeal of limitation on certain Guam project. Sec. 2810. Enhancing force protection and safety on military installations. Sec. 2811. Limitation on use of funds for acquisition of furnished energy for new medical center in Germany. Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities Administration Sec. 2821. Force structure plans and infrastructure capabilities necessary to support the force structure. Sec. 2822. Exemption of Department of Defense offsite use and offsite removal only nonmobile properties from certain excess property disposal requirements. Sec. 2823. Retrofitting existing windows in military family housing units to be equipped with fall prevention devices. Sec. 2824. Updating prohibition on use of certain assessment of public schools on Department of Defense installations to supersede funding of certain projects. Sec. 2825. Study of feasibility of using 20year intergovernmental support agreements for installationsupport services. Sec. 2826. Representation of installation interests in negotiations and proceedings with carriers and other public utilities. Sec. 2827. Clarification to include National Guard installations in Readiness and Environmental Protection Integration program. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances Sec. 2841. Land exchange, Air Force Plant 44, Tucson, Arizona. Sec. 2842. Authority for transfer of administrative jurisdiction over certain lands, Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms, California, and Marine Corps Air Station Yuma, Arizona. Sec. 2843. Environmental restoration and future conveyance of portion of former Mare Island Firing Range, Vallejo, California. Sec. 2844. Release of restrictions, University of California, San Diego. Sec. 2845. Land exchange, Naval support activity, Washington Navy Yard, District of Columbia. Sec. 2846. Land conveyance, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida. Sec. 2847. Public inventory of Guam land parcels for transfer to Government of Guam. Sec. 2848. Modification of conditions on land conveyance, Joliet Army Ammunition Plant, Illinois. Sec. 2849. Land conveyance, Naval Academy dairy farm, Gambrills, Maryland. Sec. 2850. Technical correction of description of Limestone Hills Training Area Land Withdrawal and Reservation, Montana. Sec. 2851. Land conveyance, WasatchCache National Forest, Rich County, Utah. Sec. 2852. Commemoration of Freedman’s Village. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 2861. Defense community infrastructure pilot program. Sec. 2862. Strategic plan to improve capabilities of Department of Defense training ranges and installations. Sec. 2863. Restrictions on use of funds for development of public infrastructure in Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands. Sec. 2864. Study and report on inclusion of Coleman Bridge, York River, Virginia, in Strategic Highway Network. Sec. 2865. Defense access roads relating to closures due to sea level fluctuation and flooding. Sec. 2866. Authority to transfer funds for construction of Indian River Bridge. Sec. 2867. Plan to allow increased public access to the National Naval Aviation Museum and Barrancas National Cemetery, Naval Air Station Pensacola. Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing 
SEC. 2801. MODIFICATION OF CONTRACT AUTHORITY FOR ACQUISITION, CONSTRUCTION, OR FURNISHING OF TEST FACILITIES AND EQUIPMENT. 
Section 2353(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘The acquisition or construction of these research, developmental, or test facilities shall be subject to the cost principles applicable to allowable contract expenses.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments shall promulgate regulations necessary to give full force and effect to this section.’’. SEC. 2802. COMMERCIAL CONSTRUCTION STANDARDS FOR FACILITIES ON LEASED PROPERTY. 
(a) U SE OF COMMERCIAL STANDARDS .—Section 2667(b) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (6); (2) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (7) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) shall provide that any facilities constructed on the property may be constructed using commercial standards in a manner that provides force protection safeguards appropriate to the activities conducted in, and the location of, such facilities.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to leases entered into during fiscal year 2019 or any of the four succeeding fiscal years. 
SEC. 2803. CONGRESSIONAL OVERSIGHT OF PROJECTS CARRIED OUT PURSUANT TO LAWS OTHER THAN MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATION ACTS. 
Section 2802(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Secretary concerned shall—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘comply with the congressional notification requirement’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary concerned shall comply with the congressional notification requirement’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘and submit to the congressional defense committees any materials required to be submitted to Congress or any other congressional committees pursuant to the congressional notification requirement’’ after ‘‘road project will be carried out’’. 
SEC. 2804. SMALL BUSINESS SETASIDE FOR CONTRACTS FOR ARCHITECTURAL AND ENGINEERING SERVICES AND CONSTRUCTION DESIGN. 
(a) M ANDATORY AWARD OF CONTRACTS UNDER  THRESHOLD AMOUNT .—Section 2855(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (a)—’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘subsection (a), if the Secretary concerned estimates that the initial award of the contract will be in an amount less than the threshold amount determined under paragraph (2), the contract shall be awarded in accordance with the set aside provisions of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 631 et seq.).’’. (b) INCREASE IN THRESHOLD AMOUNT .—Section 2855(b)(2) of such title is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘initial’’; (2) by striking ‘‘$300,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000,000’’; and (3) by striking the second sentence. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
SEC. 2805. UPDATES AND MODIFICATIONS TO DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE FORM 1391, UNIFIED FACILITIES CRITERIA, AND MILITARY INSTALLATION MASTER PLANS. 
(a) F LOOD RISKDISCLOSURE FOR MILITARY  CONSTRUCTION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of Defense shall modify Department of Defense Form 1391 to require, with respect to any proposed major or minor military construction project requiring congressional notification or approval— (A) disclosure whether a proposed project will be sited within or partially within a 100year floodplain, according to the most recent available Federal Emergency Management Agency flood hazard data; and (B) if the proposed project will be sited within or partially within a 100year floodplain, the specific risk mitigation plan. (2) DELINEATION OF FLOODPLAIN .—To the extent that Federal Emergency Management Agency flood hazard data are not available for a proposed major or minor military construction 
site, the Secretary concerned shall establish a process for delineating the 100year floodplain using risk analysis that is consistent with the standards used to inform Federal flood risk assessments. (3) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .—For proposed projects that are to be sited within or partially within a 100year floodplain, the Secretary concerned shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report with the following: (A) An assessment of flood vulnerability for the proposed project. (B) Any information concerning alternative construction sites that were considered, and an explanation of why those sites do not satisfy mission requirements. (C) A description of planned flood mitigation measures. (4) MINIMUM FLOOD MITIGATION REQUIRE MENTS .—When mitigating the flood risk of a major or minor military construction project within or partially within the 100year floodplain, the Secretary concerned shall require any mitigation plan to assume an additional— (A) 2 feet above the base flood elevation for nonmission critical buildings, as determined by the Secretary; and (B) 3 feet above the base flood elevation for missioncritical buildings, as determined by the Secretary. (b) DISCLOSURE REQUIREMENTS FOR DEPART MENT OF DEFENSE FORM1391.—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall amend Department of Defense Form 1391 to require, for each requested military construction project— (1) disclosure whether the project was included in the prior year’s futureyears defense program submitted to Congress pursuant to section 221 of title 10, United States Code; and (2) inclusion of an energy study or life cycle analysis. (c) INCORPORATION OF CHANGING ENVIRON MENTAL CONDITION PROJECTIONS IN MILITARY  CONSTRUCTION DESIGNS AND MODIFICATIONS .— Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense shall amend section 3–5.6.2.3 of United Facilities Criteria (UFC) 2–100–01 and UFC 2–100–02 (or any similar successor regulations) to provide that in order to anticipate changing environmental conditions during the design life of existing or planned new facilities and infrastructure, projections from reliable and authorized sources such as the Census Bureau (for population projections), the National Academies of Sciences (for land use change projections and climate projections), the U.S. Geological Survey (for land use change projections), and the U.S. Global Change Research Office and National Climate Assessment (for climate projections) shall be considered and incorporated into military construction designs and modifications. (d) INCLUSION OF CONSIDERATION OF ENERGY  
AND CLIMATE RESILIENCY EFFORTS IN MASTER  PLANS FOR MAJOR MILITARY INSTALLATIONS .— Section 2864 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) energy and climate resiliency efforts.’’; and (2) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) The term ‘energy and climate resiliency’ means anticipation, preparation for, and adaptation to utility disruptions and changing environmental conditions and the ability to withstand, respond to, and recover rapidly from utility disruptions while ensuring the sustainment of missioncritical operations.’’. (e) DEFINITION OF MILITARY INSTALLATION  RESILIENCE .—Section 101(e) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) MILITARY INSTALLATION RESILIENCE .— The term ‘military installation resilience’ means the capability of a military installation to avoid, prepare for, minimize the effect of, adapt to, and recover from extreme weather events, or from anticipated or unanticipated changes in environmental conditions, that do, or have the potential to, adversely affect the military installation or essential transportation, logistical, or other necessary resources outside of the military installation that are necessary in order to maintain, improve, or rapidly reestablish installation mission assurance and missionessential functions.’’. (f) ADJUSTMENT AND DIVERSIFICATION ASSISTANCE FOR RESPONDING TO THREATS TO THE RESILIENCE OF A MILITARY INSTALLATION .—Section 2391(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘, or (E) by the closure’’ and inserting ‘‘, (E) by threats to military installation resilience, or (F) by the closure’’; (2) by striking ‘‘(A), (B), (C), or (E)’’ and inserting ‘‘(A), (B), (C), or (F)’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘action described in clause (D), if the Secretary determines that the encroachment of the civilian community’’ and inserting ‘‘action described in clause (D) or (E), if the Secretary determines that either the encroachment of the civilian community or threats to military installation resilience’’. 
SEC. 2806. WORK IN PROCESS CURVE CHARTS AND OUTLAY TABLES FOR MILITARY CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS. 
(a) R EQUIRED SUBMISSIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subchapter III of chapter 169 of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 2864 the following new section: ‘‘§ 2865. Work in Process Curve charts and outlay tables for military construction projects ‘‘Along with the budget for each fiscal year submitted by the President pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments shall include for any military construction project over $90,000,000, as an addendum to be included within the same document as the 1391s for the Military Construction Program budget documentation, a Project Spending Plan that includes— ‘‘(1) a Work in Process Curve chart to identify funding, obligations, and outlay figures; and ‘‘(2) a monthly outlay table for funding, obligations, and outlay figures.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of such subchapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 2864 the following new item: ‘‘2865. Work in Process Curve charts and outlay tables for military construction projects.’’. (b) DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE GUIDANCE .—The Secretary of Defense shall, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), update Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14–R, and any other appropriate instructions and guidance, to ensure that the Department of Defense takes appropriate actions to comply with section 2865 of title 10, United States Code, as added by this section. 
SEC. 2807. EXTENSION OF TEMPORARY, LIMITED AUTHORITY TO USE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FUNDS FOR CONSTRUCTION PROJECTS IN CERTAIN AREAS OUTSIDE THE UNITED STATES. 
(a) E XTENSION OF AUTHORITY .—Subsection (h) of section 2808 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (division B of Public Law 108–136; 117 Stat. 1723), as most recently amended by section 2804 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1846), is further amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2020’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2021’’. (b) LIMITATION ON USE OF AUTHORITY .—Sub section (c)(1) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘shall not exceed’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘shall not exceed $50,000,000 during either of the following periods: ‘‘(1) The period beginning October 1, 2018, and ending on the earlier of December 31, 2019, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military activities of the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(2) The period beginning October 1, 2019, and ending on the earlier of December 31, 2020, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military activities of the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2021.’’. 
SEC. 2808. AUTHORITY TO OBTAIN ARCHITECTURAL AND ENGINEERING SERVICES AND CONSTRUCTION DESIGN FOR DEFENSE LABORATORY MODERNIZATION PROGRAM. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 2803 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1169; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g); and (2) by inserting after subsection (e) the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) ADDITIONAL AUTHORITY TO USEFUNDS 
FORRELATED ARCHITECTURAL AND ENGINEERING  SERVICES AND CONTRACT DESIGN .— ‘‘(1) AUTHORITY .—In addition to the authority provided to the Secretary of Defense under subsection (a) to use amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for research, development, test, and evaluation for a military construction project referred to in such subsection, the Secretary of the military department concerned may use amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for research, development, test, and evaluation to obtain architectural and engineering services and to carry out construction design in connection with such a project. ‘‘(2) NOTICE REQUIREMENT .—In the case of architectural and engineering services and construction design to be undertaken under this subsection for which the estimated cost exceeds $1,000,000, the Secretary concerned shall notify the appropriate committees of Congress of the scope of the proposed project and the estimated cost of such services before the initial obligation of funds for such services. The Secretary may then obligate funds for such services only after the end of the 14day period beginning on the date on which the notification is received by the committees in an electronic medium pursuant to section 480 of this title.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS TO WAIVE CONDITIONS APPLICABLE TO EXISTING AUTHORITY .— (1) CONDITION ON AND SCOPE OF PROJECT AU THORITY .—Section 2803(b) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘project under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘project under subsection (a)’’. (2) CONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION .—Section 2803(c) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘carried out under this section’’ each place it appears in paragraphs (1) and (2) and inserting ‘‘carried out under subsection (a)’’. (3) DESCRIPTION OF AUTHORIZED PROJECTS .— Section 2803(d) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘provided by this section’’ and inserting ‘‘provided by subsection (a)’’. (4) FUNDING LIMITATION .—Section 2803(e) of such Act is amended by striking ‘‘projects under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘projects under subsection (a)’’. (c) EXTENSION OF PERIOD OF AUTHORITY .— Section 2803(g) of such Act, as redesignated by subsection (a)(1), is amended by striking ‘‘October 1, 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘October 1, 2025’’. 
(d) E FFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in the enactment of section 2803 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1169; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note). 
SEC. 2809. REPEAL OF LIMITATION ON CERTAIN GUAM PROJECT. 
(a) R EPEAL OF LIMITATION .—Section 2879 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1874) is amended by striking subsection (b). (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. 
SEC. 2810. ENHANCING FORCE PROTECTION AND SAFETY ON MILITARY INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL  PROJECTS .—In addition to any other military construction projects authorized under this Act, the Secretary of the military department concerned may carry out military construction projects to enhance force protection and safety on military installations, as specified in the funding table in section 4601. (b) REQUIRING REPORT AS CONDITION OF AUTHORIZATION .— (1) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary concerned shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees which describes the location, title, and cost, together with a Department of Defense Form 1391, for each project the Secretary proposes to carry out under this section. (2) TIMING OF AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—No funds may be obligated or expended for a project under this section— (A) unless the project is included in the report submitted under paragraph (1); and (B) until the expiration of the 30day period which begins on the date the Secretary concerned submits the report under paragraph (1). (c) EXPIRATION OF AUTHORIZATION .—Section 2002 shall apply with respect to the authorization of a military construction project under this section in the same manner as such section applies to the authorization of a project contained in titles XXI through XXVII. 
SEC. 2811. LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR ACQUISITION OF FURNISHED ENERGY FOR NEW MEDICAL CENTER IN GERMANY. 
(a) L IMITATION .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated or made available to the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of any military department may be used to enter into a contract for the acquisition of furnished energy for the new Rhine Ordnance Barracks Army Medical Center (hereafter in this section referred to as the ‘‘Medical Center’’) until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a written certification that— (1) the source of furnished energy for the Medical Center will minimize the use of fuels sourced from inside the Russian Federation; (2) the design of the Medical Center will utilize a diversified energy supply from a mixed fuel system as the source of furnished energy to sustain mission critical operations during any sustained energy supply disruption caused by the Russian Federation; and (3) to the extent available, domestically sourced fuels shall be the preferred source for furnished energy for the Medical Center. (b) WAIVER FOR NATIONAL SECURITY INTERESTS.—Subsection (a) shall not apply if the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that a waiver of such subsection is necessary to protect the national security interests of the United States. (c) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘‘furnished energy’’ means energy furnished to the Medical Center in any form and for any purpose, including heating, cooling, and electricity. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—This section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities Administration 
SEC. 2821. FORCE STRUCTURE PLANS AND INFRASTRUCTURE CAPABILITIES NECESSARY TO SUPPORT THE FORCE STRUCTURE. 
(a) F ORCE STRUCTURE PLANS AND INFRASTRUC TURE CAPABILITIES .—Not later than the date on which the budget of the President for fiscal year 2021 is submitted to Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense shall develop and submit to the congressional defense committees the following: (1) A force structure plan for each of the Army, Navy, Air Force, and Marine Corps and the reserve components of each military department that is informed by— (A) an assessment by the Secretary of Defense of the probable threats to the national security of the United States; and (B) endstrength levels and major military force units (including land force divisions, carrier and other major combatant vessels, air wings, and other comparable units) authorized in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). (2) A categorical model of installation capabilities required to carry out the force structures plans described in paragraph (1) based on— (A) the infrastructure, real property, and facilities capabilities required to carry out such plans; and (B) the current military requirements of the major military units referred to in subparagraph (B) of such paragraph. (b) CONSISTENCY .—In developing force structure plans and categorical models of installation capabilities under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the infrastructure, real property, and facilities of each of the military departments are categorized and measured in consistent terms so as to facilitate comparisons. (c) RELATIONSHIP TO INVENTORY .—Using the information in the force structure plans and categorical model developed under subsection (a), the Secretary of Defense shall submit to Congress each of the following: (1) An assessment of the requirements necessary for carrying out the force structure plans compared to existing infrastructure, real property, and facilities capabilities, as documented in the records maintained under section 2721 of title 10, United States Code. (2) An identification of any deficit or surplus capability in such infrastructure, real property, and facilities— (A) for each military department; and (B) for locations within the continental United States and territories. 
SEC. 2822. EXEMPTION OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE OFFSITE USE AND OFFSITE REMOVAL ONLY NONMOBILE PROPERTIES FROM CERTAIN EXCESS PROPERTY DISPOSAL REQUIREMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Excess or unutilized or underutilized nonmobile property of the Department of Defense that is situated on nonexcess land shall be exempt from the requirements of title V of the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 11411 et seq.) upon a determination by the head of the department, agency, or other element of the Department having jurisdiction of the property that— (1) the property is not feasible to relocate; (2) the property is located in an area to which the general public is denied access in the interest of national security; and (3) the exemption would facilitate the efficient disposal of excess property or result in more efficient real property management. (b) CONSULTATION .—Before making an initial determination under the authority in subsection (a), and periodically thereafter, the head of a department, agency, or other element of the Department shall consult with the Executive Director of the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness on types of nonmobile properties that may be feasible for relocation and suitable to assist the homeless. (c) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—If any head of a department, agency, or other element of the Department makes a determination under subsection (a) during a fiscal year, not later than 90 days after the end of that fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report listing all the buildings, facilities, and other properties for which a determination was made under that subsection during that fiscal year. (2) FORM.—Any report under paragraph (1) shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. (3) APPROPRIATE COMMITTEES OF CONGRESS  
DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘appropriate committees of Congress’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Financial Services, and the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives. (d) SUNSET .—The authority under subsection (a) shall expire on September 30, 2021. 
SEC. 2823. RETROFITTING EXISTING WINDOWS IN MILITARY FAMILY HOUSING UNITS TO BE EQUIPPED WITH FALL PREVENTION DEVICES. 
ORREPLACING WINDOWS .—Section 2879 of title 10, United States Code, as added by section 2817(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (131 Stat. 1851) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by striking ‘‘subsection (b)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (c)’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d); and (3) by inserting after subsection (a) the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) RETROFITTING OR REPLACING EXISTING  WINDOWS .— ‘‘(1) PROGRAM TO RETROFIT EXISTING WIN DOWS .—The Secretary concerned shall carry out a program under which, in military family housing units acquired or constructed under this chapter which are not subject to the requirements of subsection (a), windows which are described in subsection (c), including windows designed for emergency escape or rescue, are retrofitted to be equipped with fall prevention devices described in paragraph (1) of subsection (a) or are replaced with windows which are equipped with fall prevention devices described in such paragraph. ‘‘(2) GRANTS .—The Secretary concerned may carry out the program under this subsection by making grants to private entities to retrofit or replace existing windows, in accordance with such criteria as the Secretary may establish by regulation. ‘‘(3) USE OF OPERATIONS FUNDING .—The Sec retary may carry out the program under this subsection during a fiscal year with amounts made available to the Secretary for family housing operations for such fiscal year.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply with respect to fiscal year 2019 and each succeeding fiscal year. 
SEC. 2824. UPDATING PROHIBITION ON USE OF CERTAIN ASSESSMENT OF PUBLIC SCHOOLS ON DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE INSTALLATIONS TO SUPERSEDE FUNDING OF CERTAIN PROJECTS. 
(a) U PDATE .—Paragraph (3) of section 2814(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2717), as added by section 2818(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal 
Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1852), is amended by striking ‘‘33 projects’’ and inserting ‘‘38 projects’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall take effect as if included in the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018. 
SEC. 2825. STUDY OF FEASIBILITY OF USING 20 YEAR INTERGOVERNMENTAL SUPPORT AGREEMENTS FOR INSTALLATIONSUPPORT SERVICES. 
(a) S TUDY .—Each Secretary concerned shall conduct a study of the feasibility and desirability of entering into intergovernmental support agreements under section 2679(a) of title 10, United States Code, for a term not to exceed 20 years. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, each Secretary concerned shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the study conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 2826. REPRESENTATION OF INSTALLATION INTERESTS IN NEGOTIATIONS AND PROCEEDINGS WITH CARRIERS AND OTHER PUBLIC UTILITIES. 
Section 501(c) of title 40, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively; (2) by inserting ‘‘(1)’’ before ‘‘For transportation’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Prior to representing any installation of the Department of Defense in any proceeding under this subsection, the Administrator or any persons or entities acting on behalf of the Administrator shall— ‘‘(A) notify the senior mission commander of the installation; and ‘‘(B) solicit and represent the interests of the installation as determined by the installation’s senior mission commander.’’. 
SEC. 2827. CLARIFICATION TO INCLUDE NATIONAL GUARD INSTALLATIONS IN READINESS AND ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION INTEGRATION PROGRAM. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) Stateowned National Guard installations have always qualified as military installations under section 2684a of title 10, United States Code; and (2) Stateowned National Guard installations should continue to qualify as military installations under section 2684a of that title. (b) CLARIFICATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 2684a(a) of title 10, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘, as well as a Stateowned National Guard installation,’’ after ‘‘military installation’’. (2) RETROACTIVE EFFECT .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as of December 2, 2002. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances 
SEC. 2841. LAND EXCHANGE, AIR FORCE PLANT 44, TUCSON, ARIZONA. 
(a) L AND CONVEYANCE AND RESTORATION OF  REALPROPERTY IMPROVEMENTS AUTHORIZED .— In connection with a project planned by the Tuscon Airport Authority (in this section referred to as ‘‘TAA’’) to relocate and extend a parallel runway and make other airfield safety enhancements at the Tucson International Airport, the Secretary of the Air Force (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may— (1) convey to TAA all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to all or any part of a parcel of real property, including any improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 58 acres on Air Force Plant 44, Arizona, and located adjacent to Tucson International Airport; (2) agree to terminate all or a portion of any deed restrictions made for the benefit of the United States that limit construction on Tucson International Airport within 750 feet of the Airport’s southwest property boundary with Air Force Plant 44; and (3) using cash or inkind consideration as provided in subsection (b)— (A) construct new explosives storage facilities to replace the explosives storage facilities located on the land described in paragraph (1) and explosives storage facilities located on Air Force Plant 44 within the endofrunway clear zone associated with the TAA airfield enhancement project; and (B) construct new fencing as necessary to accommodate the changes in the boundary of Air Force Plant 44. (b) CONSIDERATION .—As consideration for the land conveyance, deed restriction termination, replacement of real property improvements, and installation of fencing authorized under subsection (a), the following consideration must be received by the United States before the Secretary may make any conveyance or termination of real property interests of the United States as described in subsection (a): (1) All right, title, and interest of the owner or owners thereof to the parcels of real property consisting of approximately 160 acres directly adjacent to the south boundary of Air Force Plant 44. (2) The cost to the Secretary, in accordance with current design standards, of— (A) replacing the real property structures on Air Force Plant 44 made unusable due to the land transfers and termination of deed restrictions, with structures of at least equivalent capacity and functionality; and (B) installing the necessary boundary fencing due to the changes in the boundary of Air Force Plant 44. (c) DIRECT PAYMENT OF CONSIDERATION TO  GOVERNMENT CONTRACTORS .—The Secretary may require that any cash consideration to be received under this section be paid, directly or through the Air Force design and construction agent, to the contractors performing design or construction of the real property improvements described in subsection (a)(3). (d) PAYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCES .— (1) PAYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary may require TAA to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange and other transactions authorized under this section, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs, including survey costs, appraisal costs, costs related to environmental documentation, and other administrative costs related to the conveyances. If amounts are collected from TAA in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out such transactions, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to TAA. (2) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursements under paragraph (1) shall be used in accordance with section 2695(c) of title 10, United States Code. (e) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the real property to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary. (f) ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the land exchange and other transactions under this section as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. Without limiting the foregoing, the Secretary may establish a deed restriction on any part of the 58 acres described in subsection (a)(1) to accommodate existing Quantity Distance arcs. 
SEC. 2842. AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER OF ADMINISTRATIVE JURISDICTION OVER CERTAIN LANDS, MARINE CORPS AIR GROUND COMBAT CENTER TWENTYNINE PALMS, CALIFORNIA, AND MARINE CORPS AIR STATION YUMA, ARIZONA. 
(a) M ARINE CORPS AIRGROUND COMBAT CENTERTWENTYNINE PALMS , CALIFORNIA .— (1) AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of the Navy may transfer to the Secretary of the Interior, at no cost, administrative jurisdiction of approximately 2,105 acres of noncontiguous parcels of land within the Shared Use Area of the Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms, California. (2) CONDITION FOR TRANSFER .—The Secretary of the Navy may carry out the transfer under this subsection only if the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Interior each determine that the transfer is in the public interest and will be for the benefit of the Department of the Navy and the Department of the Interior, respectively. (3) STATUS OF LAND AFTER TRANSFER .—Upon completion of the transfer under this subsection, the land over which the Secretary of the Interior obtains administrative jurisdiction shall become public land withdrawn and reserved under section 2941 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1034), and shall be managed in accordance with section 2942(b)(1) of such Act (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1036), in the same manner as other lands in the Shared Use Area. (4) SHARED USE AREA DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘‘Shared Use Area’’ means the area described in section 2941(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1035). (b) MARINE CORPS AIRSTATION YUMA, ARIZONA .— (1) AUTHORITY FOR TRANSFER .—Subject to paragraph (2), the Secretary of the Interior may transfer to the Secretary of the Navy, at no cost, administrative jurisdiction of approximately 256 acres of noncontiguous parcels of land within Marine Corps Air Station Yuma, Arizona which are used by the Department of the Navy as of the day before the date of the enactment of this Act pursuant to any of the following authorities: (A) Public Land Order Number 2766 of August 28, 1962. (B) Expired Public Land Order Number 6804 of October 16, 1990. (C) Memorandum of Understanding Number 14063001266 of July 5, 1962, between the Department of the Interior and the Department of the Navy. (2) CONDITION FOR TRANSFER .—The Secretary of the Interior may carry out the transfer under this subsection only if the Secretary of the Interior and the Secretary of the Navy each determine that the transfer is in the public interest and will be for the benefit of the Department of the Interior and the Department of the Navy, respectively. (3) WITHDRAWAL OF LAND AFTER TRANSFER .— Upon completion of the transfer under this subsection, the land over which the Secretary of the Navy obtains administrative jurisdiction— (A) shall cease to be public land; and (B) for as long as the land is under the administrative jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Navy or the Secretary of any other military department, shall be withdrawn from all forms of entry, appropriation, or disposal under the public land laws, from location, entry, and patent under the mining laws, and from disposition under all laws relating to mineral interests and to mineral and geothermal leasing. 
SEC. 2843. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION AND FUTURE CONVEYANCE OF PORTION OF FORMER MARE ISLAND FIRING RANGE, VALLEJO, CALIFORNIA. 
(a) R ESTORATION REQUIRED AS RESULT OF  PREVIOUS REMEDIATION .—As soon as practicable, the Secretary of the Navy shall take such steps as may be required to fill in depressions in the Mare Island property which resulted from environmental remediation carried out by the Department of the Navy prior to the date of the enactment of this section. (b) MITIGATION OF WETLANDS .— (1) METHOD OF MITIGATION .—If the refilling of wetlands on the Mare Island property requires 
mitigation, the Secretary of the Navy shall conduct such mitigation in accordance with relevant Federal, State and local environmental laws. (2) COORDINATION OVER CERTAIN PORTION OF  
PROPERTY .—To the extent that the refilling of wetlands on the Mare Island property requires mitigation on any portion of such property which is subject to a reversionary interest of the State of California, the Secretary shall coordinate with the California State Lands Commission to determine how to best meet the regulatory requirements applicable to the mitigation of such wetlands. (c) REPORT ON COMPLIANCE AND FUTURE CONVEYANCE .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report describing the process by which the Secretary plans to meet the requirements of subsections (a) and (b), as well as a proposal by the Secretary to convey the Mare Island property (or some portion thereof) to the State of California or units of local government in the State of California. (d) DEFINITION .—In this section, the ‘‘Mare Island property’’ is the parcel of real property consisting of approximately 48 acres located within the former Mare Island Naval Shipyard which was formerly used as a firing range by the Department of the Navy. 
SEC. 2844. RELEASE OF RESTRICTIONS, UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA, SAN DIEGO. 
(a) R ELEASE .—The Secretary of the Navy may, upon receipt of full consideration as provided in subsection (b), release to the Regents of the University of California (in this section referred to as the ‘‘University of California’’) all remaining right, title, and interest of the United States, including restrictions on use imposed by deed or otherwise and reversionary rights, in and to a parcel of real property consisting of approximately 495 acres that comprises part of the San Diego campus of the University of California. (b) CONSIDERATION .— (1) CONSIDERATION REQUIRED .—As consideration for the release under subsection (a), the University of California shall provide an amount that is acceptable to the Secretary of the Navy, whether by cash payment, inkind consideration as described under paragraph (2), or a combination thereof, at such time as the Secretary may require. The consideration under this paragraph shall be based on an appraisal approved by the Secretary of the value to the Department of the Navy of the restrictions released under subsection (a), except that in determining the value of such restrictions, there shall be excluded the value of any existing improvements to the property made by or on behalf of the University of California and the value of the University of California’s existing rights to the property. (2) INKIND CONSIDERATION .—Inkind consideration provided by the University of California under paragraph (1) may include goods or services that benefit the Department of the Navy and may take into consideration the value which has accrued to the Department of the Navy from the San Diego campus of the University of California’s research, education, and clinical care activities, as well as the contracts, grants, and other collaborations between the Department of the Navy and the San Diego campus of the University of California. (3) TREATMENT OF CONSIDERATION RECEIVED .— Consideration in the form of cash payment received by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the separate fund in the Treasury described in section 572(a)(1) of title 40, United States Code. (c) PAYMENT OF COSTS OF RELEASE .— (1) PAYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Navy shall require the University of California to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the release under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation related to the release, and any other administrative costs related to the release. If amounts are collected from the University of California in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the release, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the University of California. (2) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the release under subsection (a) or, if the period of availability of obligations for that appropriation has expired, to the appropriations of a fund that is currently available to the Secretary for the same purpose. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the real property that is the subject of the release under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey or other documentation satisfactory to both the Secretary of the Navy and the University of California. (e) ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary of the Navy may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the release under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
SEC. 2845. LAND EXCHANGE, NAVAL SUPPORT ACTIVITY, WASHINGTON NAVY YARD, DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA. 
(a) E XCHANGE OF PROPERTY INTERESTS AUTHORIZED .— (1) INTERESTS TO BE CONVEYED .—The Sec retary of the Navy (Secretary) may convey all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to one or more parcels of real property under the jurisdiction of the Secretary, including any improvements thereon and, without limitation, any leasehold interests of the United States therein, as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (2) INTERESTS TO BE ACQUIRED .—In exchange for the property interests described in paragraph (1), the Secretary may accept parcels at the Southeast Federal Center in the vicinity of the Washington Navy Yard, replacement of facilities being conveyed of equal value and similar utility, as determined by the Secretary, and any additional consideration the Secretary feels is appropriate, including maintenance, repair, or restoration of any real property, facility, or infrastructure under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. (b) VALUATION .—The value of the property interests to be exchanged by the Secretary described in subsections (a)(1) and (a)(2) shall be determined— (1) by an independent appraiser selected by the Secretary; and (2) in accordance with the Uniform Appraisal Standards for Federal Land Acquisitions and the Uniform Standards of Professional Appraisal Practice. (c) EQUALIZATION PAYMENTS .— (1) TO THE SECRETARY .—If the fair market value of the property interests described in subsection (a)(1) is greater than the fair market value of the property interests described in subsection (a)(2), the person to whom such interests are conveyed shall pay to the Department of the Navy an amount equal to the differences in such fair market values. (2) NO EQUALIZATION .—If the fair market value of the property interests described in subsection (a)(2) is greater than the fair market value of the property interests described in subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall not make a cash equalization payment to equalize the values. (d) PAYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) PAYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary shall require the other party in this land exchange to cover costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred, to carry out the land exchange under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation, other administrative costs related to the land exchange, and all costs associated with relocation of activities and facilities, including equipment, to the replacement location. If amounts collected are in advance of the Secretary incurring actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the land exchange, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount. (2) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover those costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the land exchange. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (e) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be exchanged under this section shall be determined by surveys satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy. (f) CONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The exchange of real property interests under this section shall be accomplished using an appropriate legal instrument and upon terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to both parties of the exchange, including such additional terms and conditions as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
SEC. 2846. LAND CONVEYANCE, EGLIN AIR FORCE BASE, FLORIDA. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary of the Air Force may convey to the Air Force Enlisted Village, a nonprofit corporation (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Village’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property, including improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 80 acres located adjacent to Eglin Air Force Base, Florida, for the purpose of independentliving and assistedliving apartments for veterans. The conveyance under this subsection is subject to valid existing rights. (b) CONSIDERATION REQUIRED .—As consideration for the conveyance under subsection (a), the Village shall provide an amount that is equivalent to the fair market value to the Department of the Air Force of the right, title, and interest conveyed under such subsection, based on an appraisal approved by the Secretary of the Air Force. The consideration under this paragraph may be provided by cash payment, inkind consideration, or a combination thereof, at such time as the Secretary may require. (c) PAYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) PAYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary may require the Village to cover all costs (except costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under this section, including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the Village in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Village. (2) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received under paragraph (1) as reimbursement for costs incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance, or to an 
appropriate fund or account currently available to the Secretary for the purposes for which the costs were paid. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary. (e) ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
SEC. 2847. PUBLIC INVENTORY OF GUAM LAND PARCELS FOR TRANSFER TO GOVERNMENT OF GUAM. 
(a) N ETNEGATIVE INVENTORY OF LANDPARCELS.— (1) MAINTENANCE AND UPDATE OF INVEN TORY .—The Secretary of the Navy shall maintain and update regularly an inventory of all land parcels located on Guam which meet each of the following conditions: (A) The parcels are currently owned by the United States Government and are under the administrative jurisdiction of the Department of the Navy. (B) The Secretary has determined or expects to determine the parcels to be excess to the needs of the Department of the Navy. (C) Under Federal law, including Public Law 106–504 (commonly known as the ‘‘Guam Omnibus Opportunities Act’’; 40 U.S.C. 521 note), the parcels are eligible to be transferred to the territorial government. (2) INFORMATION REQUIRED .—For each parcel included in the inventory under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall specify— (A) the approximate size of the parcel; (B) an estimate of the fair market value of the parcel, if available or as practicable; (C) the date on which the Secretary determined, or the date by which the Secretary expects to determine, that the parcel is excess and made eligible for transfer to the territorial government; and (D) the citation of the specific legal authority (including the Guam Omnibus Opportunities Act) under which the Secretary will transfer the parcel to the territorial government or otherwise dispose of the parcel. (b) PARCELS REQUIRED TOBEINCLUDED .—The Secretary shall include in the inventory under this section each of the following parcels, as described in the 2017 Net Negative Report: (1) The Tanguisson Power Plant (5 acres), listed as Site 14 in the Report. (2) The Harmon Substation Annex (9.9 acres), listed as Site 15 in the Report. (3) The Piti Power Plant and Substation (15.5 acres), listed as Site 38 in the Report. (4) Apra Heights Lot 403–1 (0.5 acres), listed as Site 55 in the Report. (5) The Agana Power Plant and Substation (5.9 acres), listed as Site 54 in the Report. (6) The ACEORP Maui TunnelTamuning Route 1 behind Old Telex (3.7 acres), listed as Site 23 in the Report. (7) The Parcel South of Camp Covington, Parcel 7 (60.8 acres), listed as Site 49 in the Report. (8) The NCTS Beach Lot, adjacent to the Tanguisson Power Plant (13.3 acres), listed as Site 13 in the Report. (9) The Hoover Park Annex (also known as ‘‘Old USO Beach’’; 6 acres), listed as Site 37 in the Report. (10) Parcel ‘‘C’’ Marbo Cave Annex (5 acres), listed as Site 12 in the Report. (c) INCLUSION OF ADDITIONAL PARCELS IN INVENTORY .— (1) REQUEST BY GOVERNOR .—The Governor of the territory of Guam may submit a request to the Secretary to add parcels to the inventory maintained under subsection (a), and shall specify in any such request any public benefit uses or public purposes proposed by the Governor for the parcel involved, pursuant to the Guam Omnibus Opportunities Act or any other relevant Federal law. (2) CONSIDERATION BY SECRETARY .—Not later than 180 days of receipt of a request from the Governor under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall review the request and provide a response in writing to the Governor as to whether the Secretary will agree to the request to include the specific land parcel in the inventory maintained under subsection (a). If the Secretary denies the request, the Secretary shall provide a detailed written justification to the Governor that explains the continuing military need for the parcel, if any, and the date on which the Secretary expects that military need to cease, if ever. (d) EXCLUSION OF PARCELS .—The Secretary shall not include in the inventory maintained under this section any parcel transferred to the government of Guam prior to the date of the enactment of this Act, without regard to whether or not the parcel is included in the inventory under subsection (b). (e) PUBLIC NOTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall publish and update on a public website of the United States Government the following information: (1) The inventory maintained under subsection (a), including the parcels required to be included in such inventory under subsection (b). (2) All requests submitted by the Governor under subsection (c), including any proposed public benefit use or public purpose specified in any such request. (3) A copy of each response provided by the Secretary to each request submitted by the Governor under subsection (c). (4) A description of each parcel of land transferred by the Secretary to the territorial government after January 20, 2011, including the following: (A) The approximate size of the parcel. (B) An estimate of the fair market value of the parcel, if available or as practicable. (C) The specific legal authority under which the Secretary transferred the parcel to the territorial government. (D) The date the parcel was transferred to the territorial government. (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: (1) 2017 
NET NEGATIVE REPORT .—The term ‘‘2017 Net Negative Report’’ means the report submitted by the Secretary of the Navy, on behalf of the Secretary of Defense, under section 2208 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2695) regarding the status of the implementation of the ‘‘net negative’’ policy regarding the total number of acres of the real property controlled by the Department of the Navy or the Department of Defense on Guam. (2) GOVERNOR .—The term ‘‘Governor’’ means the Governor of the territory of Guam. (3) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Navy. (4) TERRITORIAL GOVERNMENT .—The term ‘‘territorial government’’ means the government of Guam established under the Organic Act of Guam (48 U.S.C. 1421 et seq.). 
SEC. 2848. MODIFICATION OF CONDITIONS ON LAND CONVEYANCE, JOLIET ARMY AMMUNITION PLANT, ILLINOIS. 
Section 2922(c) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (division B of Public Law 104–106; 110 Stat. 605), as amended by section 2842 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (division B of Public Law 106–65; 113 Stat. 863) and section 2838 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291; 128 Stat. 3710), is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘(1) The conveyance’’ and inserting ‘‘The conveyance’’; and (2) by striking paragraph (2). SEC. 2849. LAND CONVEYANCE, NAVAL ACADEMY DAIRY FARM, GAMBRILLS, MARYLAND. 
(a) C ONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—Notwith standing section 6976 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of the Navy may convey and release to Anne Arundel County, Maryland (in this section referred to as the ‘‘County’’) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the real property, including any improvements thereon, consisting of approximately 40 acres at the property commonly referred to as the Naval Academy dairy farm located in Gambrills, Maryland (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Dairy Farm’’), for use in support of a public park, recreational area, and additional public uses. (b) CONSIDERATION .— (1) CONSIDERATION REQUIRED .—As consideration for the conveyance and release under subsection (a), the County shall provide an amount that is equivalent to the fair market value to the Department of the Navy of the right, title, and interest conveyed and released under such subsection, based on an appraisal approved by the Secretary of the Navy. The consideration under this paragraph may be provided by cash payment, inkind consideration, or a combination thereof, at such time as the Secretary may require. (2) INKIND CONSIDERATION .—Inkind consideration provided by the County under paragraph (1) may include the acquisition, construction, provision, improvement, maintenance, repair, or restoration (including environmental restoration), or combination thereof, of any facility, real property, or infrastructure under the jurisdiction of the Secretary. (3) TREATMENT OF CONSIDERATION RECEIVED .— Consideration in the form of cash payment received by the Secretary under paragraph (1) shall be retained by the Superintendent of the Naval Academy and shall be available to cover expenses related to the Dairy Farm, including reimbursing nonappropriated fund instrumentalities of the Naval Academy. (c) PAYMENT OF COST OF CONVEYANCE AND  RELEASE .— (1) PAYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of the Navy shall require the County to pay costs to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance and release under subsection (a), including survey costs, appraisal costs, costs for environmental documentation related to the conveyance and release, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance and release. If amounts are collected from the County in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance and release or any costs incurred by the Secretary to administer the County’s lease of the Dairy Farm, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the County. (2) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to pay the costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance and release under subsection (a) or, if the period of availability of obligations for that appropriation has expired, to the appropriations of fund that is currently available to the Secretary for the same purpose. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property which is subject to conveyance and release under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of the Navy. (e) ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary of the Navy may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with 
the conveyance and release under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (f) NOEFFECT ON EXISTING LEASES GOVERNING  PROPERTY NOTSUBJECT TO CONVEYANCE .— Nothing in this section or in any conveyance and release carried out pursuant to this section may be construed to affect the terms, conditions, or applicability of any existing agreement entered into between the Country and the Secretary of the Navy which governs the use of any portion of the Dairy Farm which is not subject to conveyance and release under this section. 
SEC. 2850. TECHNICAL CORRECTION OF DESCRIPTION OF LIMESTONE HILLS TRAINING AREA LAND WITHDRAWAL AND RESERVATION, MONTANA. 
Section 2931(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66; 127 Stat. 1031) is amended by striking ‘‘18,644 acres’’ and all that follows through ‘‘April 10, 2013’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘18,964 acres in Broadwater County, Montana, generally depicted as ‘Limestone Hills Training Area Land Withdrawal’ on the map entitled ‘Limestone Hills Training Area Land Withdrawal’, dated May 11, 2017’’. 
SEC. 2851. LAND CONVEYANCE, WASATCHCACHE NATIONAL FOREST, RICH COUNTY, UTAH. 
(a) L ANDCONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—Subject to valid existing rights, not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Agriculture shall convey, without consideration, to the Utah State University Research Foundation, (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Foundation’’) all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to a parcel of real property consisting of approximately 80 acres, including improvements thereon, located outside of the boundaries of the WasatchCache National Forest, Rich County, Utah, within Sections 19 and 30, Township 14 North, Range 5 East, Salt Lake Base and Meridian for the purpose of permitting the Foundation to use the property for scientific and educational purposes. (b) REVERSIONARY INTEREST .—If the Secretary of Agriculture determines at any time that the real property conveyed under subsection (a) is not being used in accordance with the purpose of the conveyance specified in such subsection, all right, title and interest in and to such real property, including any improvements thereto, shall, at the option of the Secretary, revert to and become the property of the United States, and the United States shall have the right of immediate entry onto such real property. A determination by the Secretary under this subsection shall be made on the record after an opportunity for a hearing. (c) PAYMENT OF COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .— (1) PAYMENT REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Agriculture shall require the Foundation to cover the costs (except any costs for environmental remediation of the property) to be incurred by the Secretary, or to reimburse the Secretary for such costs incurred by the Secretary, to carry out the conveyance under subsection (a), including survey costs, costs for environmental documentation, and any other administrative costs related to the conveyance. If amounts are collected from the Foundation in advance of the Secretary incurring the actual costs, and the amount collected exceeds the costs actually incurred by the Secretary to carry out the conveyance, the Secretary shall refund the excess amount to the Foundation. (2) TREATMENT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED .— Amounts received as reimbursement under paragraph (1) shall be credited to the fund or account that was used to cover those costs incurred by the Secretary in carrying out the conveyance. Amounts so credited shall be merged with amounts in such fund or account, and shall be available for the same purposes, and subject to the same conditions and limitations, as amounts in such fund or account. (d) DESCRIPTION OF PROPERTY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the property to be conveyed under subsection (a) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary of Agriculture. (e) ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—The Secretary of Agriculture may require such additional terms and conditions in connection with the conveyance under subsection (a) as the Secretary considers appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. 
(a) F REEDMAN ’SVILLAGE GATE.—The Sec retary of the Army shall, as part of the southern expansion of Arlington National Cemetery, name the newly constructed gate located at the intersection of Hobson Drive and Southgate Road, ‘‘Freedman’s Village Gate’’. (b) PERMANENT EASEMENT .—The Secretary of the Army is directed to grant to Arlington County a permanent easement of no less than 0.1 acres of land within the rightofway of Southgate Road to the south and west of Hobson Drive and west of the planned joint base access road that is also continuous with Foxcroft Heights Park for the purpose of commemorating Freedman’s Village. (c) RELOCATION OF COMMEMORATION IN EVENT LOCATION ISUSED FOR BURIAL PURPOSES .—In the event Arlington National Cemetery subsequently acquires the property used for the commemoration described under subsection (b) for burial purposes, the Army shall relocate any commemoration of Freedman’s Village to an appropriate location. (d) REIMBURSEMENT .—The Secretary of Defense may accept reimbursement from Arlington County for any costs associated with commemorating Freedman’s Village. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
Section 2391 of title 10, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (e) and (f), respectively; (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) DEFENSE COMMUNITY INFRASTRUCTURE  PILOT PROGRAM .—(1) The Secretary of Defense may make grants, conclude cooperative agreements, and supplement funds available under Federal programs administered by agencies other than the Department of Defense to assist State and local governments to address deficiencies in community infrastructure supportive of a military installation, if the Secretary determines that such assistance will enhance the military value, resilience, or military family quality of life at such military installation. ‘‘(2) The Secretary shall establish criteria for the selection of community infrastructure projects to receive assistance under paragraph (1). The criteria shall include a requirement that the State or local government agree to contribute not less than 30 percent of the funding for the community infrastructure project, unless the community infrastructure project is located in a rural area, or for reasons related to national security, in which case the Secretary may waive the requirement for a State or local government contribution. ‘‘(3) Amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for assistance under paragraph (1) may remain available until expended. ‘‘(4) The authority under this subsection shall expire upon the expiration of the 10year period which begins on the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019.’’; and (3) in subsection (e), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by adding at the end the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(4) The term ‘community infrastructure’ means any transportation project; school, hospital, police, fire, emergency response, or other community support facility; or water, waste water, telecommunications, electric, gas, or other utility infrastructure project that is located off of a military installation and owned by a State or local government. ‘‘(5) The term ‘rural area’ means a city, town, or unincorporated area that has a population of not more than 50,000 inhabitants.’’. SEC. 2862. STRATEGIC PLAN TO IMPROVE CAPABILITIES OF DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TRAINING RANGES AND INSTALLATIONS. 
(a) P LAN REQUIRED .—The Secretary of Defense shall develop and implement a comprehensive strategic plan to identify and address deficits in the capabilities of Department of Defense training ranges to support current and anticipated readiness requirements to execute the National Defense Strategy (NDS). (b) EVALUATION .—As part of the preparation of the strategic plan, the Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the following: (1) The adequacy of current training range resources to include the ability to train against nearpeer or peer threats in a realistic 5th Generation environment. (2) The adequacy of current training enablers to meet current and anticipated demands of the Armed Forces. (c) ELEMENTS .—The strategic plan shall include the following: (1) An integrated priority list of locationspecific proposals and/or infrastructure project priorities, with associated Department of Defense Form 1391 documentation, required to both address any limitations or constraints on current Department resources, including any climatically induced impacts or shortfalls, and achieve full spectrum training (integrating virtual and constructive entities into live training) against a more technologically advanced peer adversary. (2) Goals and milestones for tracking actions under the plan and measuring progress in carrying out such actions. (3) Projected funding requirements for implementing actions under the plan. (d) DEVELOPMENT AND IMPLEMENTATION .— The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, as the principal staff assistant to the Secretary on installation management, shall have lead responsibility for developing and overseeing implementation of the strategic plan and for coordination of the discharge of the plan by components of the Department. (e) REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION .—Not later than April 1, 2020, the Secretary shall, through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, submit to Congress a report on the progress made in implementing this section, including the following: (1) A description of the strategic plan. (2) A description of the results of the evaluation conducted under subsection (b). (3) Such recommendations as the Secretary considers appropriate with respect to improvements of the capabilities of training ranges and enablers. (f) PROGRESS REPORTS .—Not later than April 1, 2019, and annually thereafter for 3 years, the Secretary shall, through the Under Secretary, submit to Congress a report setting forth the following: (1) A description of the progress made during the preceding fiscal year in implementing the strategic plan. (2) A description of any additional actions taken, or to be taken, to address limitations and constraints on training ranges and enablers. (3) Assessments of individual training ranges addressing the evaluation conducted under subsection (b). (g) ADDITIONAL REPORT ELEMENT .—Each re port under subsections (e) and (f) shall also include a list of significant modifications to training range inventory, such as range closures or expansions, during the preceding fiscal year, including any limitations or impacts due to climatic conditions. 
SEC. 2863. RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF FUNDS FOR DEVELOPMENT OF PUBLIC INFRASTRUCTURE IN COMMONWEALTH OF NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS. 
(a) R ESTRICTION .—If the Secretary of Defense determines that any grant, cooperative agreement, transfer of funds to another Federal agency, or supplement of funds available under Federal programs administered by agencies other than the Department of Defense will result in the development (including repair, replacement, renovation, conversion, improvement, expansion, acquisition, or construction) of public infrastructure in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands (hereafter in this section referred to as the ‘‘Commonwealth’’), the Secretary of Defense may not carry out such grant, transfer, cooperative agreement, or supplemental funding unless such grant, transfer, cooperative agreement, or supplemental funding— (1) is specifically authorized by law; and (2) will be used to carry out a public infrastructure project included in the report submitted under subsection (b). (b) REPORT OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT COMMITTEE .— (1) CONVENING OF COMMITTEE .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, as the chair of the Economic Adjustment Committee established in Executive Order No. 127887 (10 U.S.C. 2391 note), shall convene the Economic Adjustment Committee to consider assistance, including assistance to support public infrastructure projects, necessary to support changes in Department of Defense activities in the Commonwealth. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after convening the Economic Adjustment Committee under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report— (A) describing the results of the Economic Adjustment Committee deliberations required by paragraph (1); and (B) containing a description of any assistance the Committee determines to be necessary to support changes in Department of Defense activities in the Commonwealth, including any public infrastructure projects the Committee determines should be carried out with such assistance. (c) PUBLIC INFRASTRUCTURE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘public infrastructure’’ means any utility, method of transportation, item of equipment, or facility under the control of a public entity or State or local government that is used by, or constructed for the benefit of, the general public. 
SEC. 2864. STUDY AND REPORT ON INCLUSION OF COLEMAN BRIDGE, YORK RIVER, VIRGINIA, IN STRATEGIC HIGHWAY NETWORK. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Commander of the United States Transportation Command shall conduct a study of the feasibility and desirability of including the George P. Coleman Memorial Bridge on the York River, Virginia, and United States Route 17 in the Strategic Highway Network. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commander shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the results of the study conducted under subsection (a). 
SEC. 2865. DEFENSE ACCESS ROADS RELATING TO CLOSURES DUE TO SEA LEVEL FLUCTUATION AND FLOODING. 
(a) A UTHORITY .—Section 210(a)(1) of title 23, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘closures or restrictions’’ and inserting ‘‘closures, closures due to mean sea level fluctuation and flooding, or restrictions’’. (b) USE OF FUNDS.—Section 210 of title 23, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) Beginning in fiscal year 2019, funds appropriated for the purposes of this section shall be available to pay the cost of repairing damage caused to, and for any infrastructure to mitigate the risks posed to, highways by recurrent flooding and sea level fluctuation, if the Secretary of Defense shall determine that continued access to a military installation has been impacted by past flooding and mean sea level fluctuation.’’. SEC. 2866. AUTHORITY TO TRANSFER FUNDS FOR CONSTRUCTION OF INDIAN RIVER BRIDGE. 
Notwithstanding the limitation in section 2215 of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense may transfer to the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration up to 50 percent of the shared costs of constructing the Indian River Bridge. The authority under this section shall expire on October 1, 2022. 
SEC. 2867. PLAN TO ALLOW INCREASED PUBLIC ACCESS TO THE NATIONAL NAVAL AVIATION MUSEUM AND BARRANCAS NATIONAL CEMETERY, NAVAL AIR STATION PENSACOLA. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall submit to the congressional defense committees a plan to allow increased public access to the National Naval Aviation Museum and Barrancas National Cemetery at Naval Air Station Pensacola. TITLE XXIX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 2901. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2902. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2903. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2904. Authorized defense agencies construction and land acquisition projects. Sec. 2905. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 2906. Restrictions on use of funds for planning and design costs of European Deterrence Initiative projects. 
SEC. 2901. AUTHORIZED ARMY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Army may acquire real property and carry out the military construction projects for the installations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
SEC. 2902. AUTHORIZED NAVY CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Navy may acquire real property and carry out the military construction projects for the installations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
SEC. 2903. AUTHORIZED AIR FORCE CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of the Air Force may acquire real property and carry out the military construction projects for the installations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Air Force: Outside the United States Country Location Amount 
SEC. 2904. AUTHORIZED DEFENSE AGENCIES CONSTRUCTION AND LAND ACQUISITION PROJECTS. 
The Secretary of Defense may acquire real property and carry out the military construction projects for the installations outside the United States, and in the amounts, set forth in the following table: 
Defense Agencies: Outside the United States Country Location Amount 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated for fiscal years beginning after September 30, 2018, for the military construction projects outside the United States authorized by this title as specified in the funding table in section 4602. 
SEC. 2906. RESTRICTIONS ON USE OF FUNDS FOR PLANNING AND DESIGN COSTS OF EUROPEAN DETERRENCE INITIATIVE PROJECTS. 
None of the funds authorized to be appropriated for military construction projects outside the United States authorized by this title may be obligated or expended for planning and design costs of any project associated with the European Deterrence Initiative until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a list of all of the military construction projects associated with the European Deterrence Initiative which the Secretary anticipates will be carried out during each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Subtitle A—National Security Programs and Authorizations Sec. 3101. National Nuclear Security Administration. Sec. 3102. Defense environmental cleanup. Sec. 3103. Other defense activities. Sec. 3104. Nuclear energy. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations Sec. 3111. Development of lowyield nuclear weapons. Sec. 3112. Department of Energy counterintelligence polygraph program. Sec. 3113. Inclusion of capital assets acquisition projects in activities by Director for Cost Estimating and Program Evaluation. Sec. 3114. Modification of authority for acceptance of contributions for acceleration of removal or security of fissile materials, radiological materials, and related equipment at vulnerable sites worldwide. Sec. 3115. Notification regarding air release of radioactive or hazardous material at Hanford Nuclear Reservation. Sec. 3116. Amendments to the Atomic Energy Act of 1954. Sec. 3117. Extension of enhanced procurement authority to manage supply chain risk. Sec. 3118. Hanford waste tank cleanup program. Sec. 3119. Use of funds for construction and project support activities relating to MOX facility. Sec. 3120. Plutonium pit production. Sec. 3121. Pilot program on conduct by Department of Energy of background reviews for access by certain individuals to national security laboratories. Sec. 3122. Prohibition on availability of funds for programs in Russian Federation. Sec. 3123. Prohibition on availability of funds for research and development of advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on lowenriched uranium. Sec. 3124. Limitation on availability of funds relating to submission of annual reports on unfunded priorities. Subtitle C—Plans and Reports Sec. 3131. Modifications to costbenefit analyses for competition of management and operating contracts. Sec. 3132. Nuclear forensics analyses. Sec. 3133. Review of defense environmental cleanup activities. Sec. 3134. Whistleblower protections. Sec. 3135. Implementation of Nuclear Posture Review by National Nuclear Security Administration. Sec. 3136. Survey of workforce of national security laboratories and nuclear weapons production facilities. Sec. 3137. Elimination of certain reports. Subtitle D—Other Matters Sec. 3141. Acceleration of replacement of cesium blood irradiation sources. Sec. 3142. Sense of Congress regarding compensation of individuals relating to uranium mining and nuclear testing. Subtitle A—National Security Programs and Authorizations 
(a) A UTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2019 for the activities of the National Nuclear Security Administration in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF NEW PLANT PROJECTS .—From funds referred to in subsection (a) that are available for carrying out plant projects, the Secretary of Energy may carry out new plant projects for the National Nuclear Security Administration as follows: Project 19–D–660, Lithium Production Capability, Y–12 National Security Complex, Oak Ridge, Tennessee, $19,000,000. Project 19–D–670, 138k Power Transmission System Replacement, Nevada National Security Site, Mercury, Nevada, $6,000,000. Project 19–D–930, KS Overhead Piping, Kesselring Site, West Milton, New York, $10,994,000. SEC. 3102. DEFENSE ENVIRONMENTAL CLEANUP. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2019 for defense environmental cleanup activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2019 for other defense activities in carrying out programs as specified in the funding table in section 4701. 
Funds are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2019 for nuclear energy as specified in the funding table in section 4701. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—The Secretary of Energy, acting through the Administrator for Nuclear Security, may carry out the engineering development phase, and any subsequent phase, to modify or develop a lowyield nuclear warhead for submarinelaunched ballistic missiles. (b) MODIFICATION OF LIMITATION ON DEVELOPMENT .—Section 3116(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136; 117 Stat. 1746; 50 U.S.C. 2529 note) is amended by striking ‘‘specifically authorized by Congress’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary specifically requests funding for the development of that weapon pursuant to section 4209(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2529(a))’’. (c) REQUIREMENT FOR AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Section 4209(a)(1) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2529(a)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘the Secretary shall’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘the Secretary— ‘‘(A) shall’’; and (2) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and ‘‘(B) may carry out such activities only if amounts are authorized to be appropriated for such activities by an Act of Congress consistent with section 660 of the Department of Energy Organization Act (42 U.S.C. 7270).’’. 
Section 4504(b) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2654(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: 
‘‘(4) In the event of a counterintelligence investigation, the regulations prescribed under paragraph (1) may ensure that the persons subject to the counterintelligence polygraph program required by subsection (a) include any person who is— ‘‘(A) a national of the United States (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101)) and also a national of a foreign state; and ‘‘(B) an employee or contractor who requires access to classified information.’’. 
SEC. 3113. INCLUSION OF CAPITAL ASSETS ACQUISITION PROJECTS IN ACTIVITIES BY DIRECTOR FOR COST ESTIMATING AND PROGRAM EVALUATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3221 of the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. 2411) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (h) as subsection (i); (2) by inserting after subsection (g) the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to require duplicate reviews or cost estimates for major atomic energy defense acquisition programs by the Administration or other elements of the Department of Energy.’’; and (3) in subsection (i)(2), as redesignated by paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘
PROGRAM .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘, the term’’ and inserting ‘‘
PROGRAM .—The term’’; (B) by striking subparagraph (B); and (C) by redesignating clauses (i) and (ii) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and by moving such subparagraphs, as so redesignated, two ems to the left. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall take effect on the date that is 18 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. (c) BRIEFING .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security and the Secretary of Energy shall jointly brief the congressional defense committees on a plan for implementing the amendments made by subsection (a)(3) in a manner that avoids duplication of reviews and cost estimates with respect to major atomic energy defense acquisition programs. 
SEC. 3114. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY FOR ACCEPTANCE OF CONTRIBUTIONS FOR ACCELERATION OF REMOVAL OR SECURITY OF FISSILE MATERIALS, RADIOLOGICAL MATERIALS, AND RELATED EQUIPMENT AT VULNERABLE SITES WORLDWIDE. 
Section 3132(f) of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (50 U.S.C. 2569(f)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (5); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (6) and (7) as paragraphs (5) and (6), respectively; and (3) in paragraph (6), as redesignated by paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2023’’. 
SEC. 3115. NOTIFICATION REGARDING AIR RELEASE OF RADIOACTIVE OR HAZARDOUS MATERIAL AT HANFORD NUCLEAR RESERVATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle C of title XLIV of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2621 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4447. NOTIFICATION REGARDING AIR RELEASE OF RADIOACTIVE OR HAZARDOUS MATERIAL. 
‘‘If the Secretary of Energy (or a designee of the Secretary) is notified of an improper release into the air of radioactive or hazardous material above applicable statutory or regulatory limits that resulted from waste generated by atomic energy defense activities at the Hanford Nuclear Reservation, Richland, Washington, the Secretary (or designee of the Secretary) shall— ‘‘(1) not later than two business days after being notified of the release, notify the congressional defense committees of the release; and ‘‘(2) not later than seven business days after being notified of the release, provide the congressional defense committees a briefing on the status of the release, including— ‘‘(A) the cause of the release, if known; and ‘‘(B) preliminary plans to address and remediate the release, including associated costs and timelines.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4446 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4447. Notification regarding air release of radioactive or hazardous material.’’. 
SEC. 3116. AMENDMENTS TO THE ATOMIC ENERGY ACT OF 1954. 
(a) C LARIFICATION OF PROHIBITION ON DELEGATION OF AUTHORITY RELATING TO SPECIAL  NUCLEAR MATERIAL .—Section 161 n. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2201(n)) is amended by striking ‘‘57 b.,’’ and inserting ‘‘57 b. (with respect to enrichment and reprocessing of special nuclear material or with respect to transfers to any covered foreign country (as defined in section 3136(i) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (42 U.S.C. 2077a(i))),’’. (b) CIVIL PENALTIES .—Section 234 a. of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2282(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘57,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘or (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘(2) violates any provision of section 57, or (3)’’. (c) REPORT .—Section 3136(e)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (42 U.S.C. 2077a(e)(2)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph (C): ‘‘(C) for each such application, an identification of any officer to which the authorization under such section 57 b. was delegated pursuant to section 161 n. of that Act (42 U.S.C. 2201(n));’’. 
SEC. 3117. EXTENSION OF ENHANCED PROCUREMENT AUTHORITY TO MANAGE SUPPLY CHAIN RISK. 
(a) E XTENSION .—Subsection (g) of section 4806 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2786) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) TERMINATION .—The authority under this section shall terminate on June 30, 2023.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Subsection (f)(5)(A) of such section is amended by striking ‘‘section 3542(b) of title 44’’ and inserting ‘‘section 3552(b) of title 44’’. 
Section 4442(e) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2622(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2024’’. 
SEC. 3119. USE OF FUNDS FOR CONSTRUCTION AND PROJECT SUPPORT ACTIVITIES RELATING TO MOX FACILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided by subsection (b), the Secretary of Energy shall carry out construction and project support activities relating to the MOX facility using funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the National Nuclear Security Administration for the MOX facility. (b) WAIVER .—The Secretary may waive the requirement under subsection (a) if the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees the matters specified in section 3121(b)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1892). (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) MOX 
FACILITY .—The term ‘‘MOX facility’’ means the mixedoxide fuel fabrication facility at the Savannah River Site, Aiken, South Carolina. (2) PROJECT SUPPORT ACTIVITIES .—The term ‘‘project support activities’’ means activities that support the design, longlead equipment procurement, and site preparation of the MOX facility. SEC. 3120. PLUTONIUM PIT PRODUCTION. 
(a) S TATEMENT OF POLICY .—It is the policy of the United States that— (1) Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, New Mexico, is the Plutonium Science and Production Center of Excellence for the United States; and (2) Los Alamos National Laboratory will produce a minimum of 30 pits per year for the national pit production mission and will implement surge efforts to exceed 30 pits per year to meet Nuclear Posture Review and national policy. (b) INDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT OF PLUTONIUM  STRATEGY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Administrator for Nuclear Security, shall seek to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct an assessment of the plutonium strategy of the National Nuclear Security Administration. The assessment shall include— (A) an analysis of the engineering assessment and analysis of alternatives, including an analysis of each of the four major options contained within the engineering assessment; (B) an assessment of the risks and benefits involved in each such option, including risks and benefits related to cost, schedule, licensing, labor availability, and workforce development, and effects on and from other programs; (C) a description of the strategies considered by the National Nuclear Security Administration to reduce those risks; and (D) an assessment of the strategy considered for manufacturing up to 80 pits per year at Los Alamos National Laboratory through the use of multiple labor shifts and additional equipment at PF–4 until modular facilities are completed to provide a longterm, singlelabor shift capacity. (2) SELECTION .—The Secretary may not enter into the contract under paragraph (1) with a federally funded research and development center for which the Department of Energy or the National Nuclear Security Administration is the primary sponsor. (3) ACCESS TO INFORMATION .—The federally funded research and development center with which the Secretary enters into the contract under paragraph (1) shall have full and direct access to all information related to pit production, including information of the National Nuclear Security Administration and its management and operating contractors. (4) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than April 1, 2019, the federally funded research and development center with which the Secretary enters into the contract under paragraph (1) shall submit to the Secretary, the Administrator, and the Nuclear Weapons Council established under section 179 of title 10, United States Code, a report containing the assessment required by paragraph (1). (5) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than April 15, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the report required by paragraph (4), without change. (c) REPORT ON PITPRODUCTION AT LOSALAMOSNATIONAL LABORATORY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing— (A) a detailed plan to produce 30 pits per year at Los Alamos National Laboratory by 2026, including— (i) equipment and other construction already planned at the Chemistry and Metallurgy Research Replacement Facility; (ii) additional equipment or labor necessary to produce such pits; and (iii) effects on and from other ongoing programs at Los Alamos National Laboratory; and 
(B) a detailed plan for designing and carrying out production of plutonium pits 31–80 at Los Alamos National Laboratory, in case the MOX facility is not operational and producing pits by 2030. (2) ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 120 days after the submission of the report required by paragraph (1), the Director for Cost Estimating and Program Evaluation of the National Nuclear Security Administration shall submit to the congressional defense committees an assessment of that report, including an assessment of the effect of increased ARIES activity in support of the dilute and dispose program on the plutonium pit production mission. (d) BRIEFING .—Not later than March 1, 2019, the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council and the Administrator shall jointly provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing detailing the implementation plan for the plutonium strategy of the National Nuclear Security Administration, including milestones, accountable personnel for such milestones, and mechanisms for ensuring transparency into the progress of such strategy for the Department of Defense and the congressional defense committees. (e) ANNUAL CERTIFICATION .—Not later than April 1, 2019, and each year thereafter through 2025, the Chairman shall submit to the Secretary, the Administrator, and the congressional defense committees a written certification that the plutonium pit production plan of the National Nuclear Security Administration is on track to meet— (1) the military requirement of 80 pits per year by 2030, or such other military requirement as determined by the Secretary; (2) the statutory requirements for pit production timelines under section 4219 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538a); and (3) all milestones and deliverables described in the plans required by subsection (c)(1). (f) FAILURE TO CERTIFY .— (1) NWC 
NOTIFICATION .—If in any year the Chairman is unable to submit the certification under subsection (e), the Chairman shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Secretary, and the Administrator written notification describing why the Chairman is unable to make such certification. (2) NNSA 
RESPONSE .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Chairman makes a notification under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense committees, the Secretary, and the Chairman a report that— (A) addresses the reasons identified in the notification with respect to the failure to make the certification under subsection (e); and (B) includes presentation of either a concurrent backup plan or a recovery plan, and the associated implementation schedules for such plan. (g) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) ARIES.—The term ‘‘ARIES’’ means the Advanced Recovery and Integrated Extraction System method, developed and piloted at Los Alamos National Laboratory, Los Alamos, New Mexico, for disassembling surplus defense plutonium pits and converting the plutonium from such pits into plutonium oxide. (2) DILUTE AND DISPOSE APPROACH .—The term ‘‘dilute and dispose approach’’ means a method of blending plutonium oxide made from surplus defense plutonium with an inert mixture, then packaging and indefinitely disposing of the combined material in a geologic repository. (3) MOX 
FACILITY .—The term ‘‘MOX facility’’ means the mixedoxide fuel fabrication facility at the Savannah River Site, Aiken, South Carolina. 
SEC. 3121. PILOT PROGRAM ON CONDUCT BY DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY OF BACKGROUND REVIEWS FOR ACCESS BY CERTAIN INDIVIDUALS TO NATIONAL SECURITY LABORATORIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall establish a pilot program to assess the feasibility and advisability of conducting background reviews required by section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)) within the Department of Energy. (b) REQUIREMENTS .—Under the pilot program established under subsection (a), the Secretary may admit an individual described in section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)) to a facility of a national security laboratory described in that section if, in addition to the conduct of a background review under subsection (a) with respect to that individual— (1) the Secretary determines that the admission of that individual to that facility is in the national interest and will further science, technology, and engineering capabilities in support of the mission of the Department of Energy; and (2) a security plan is developed and implemented to mitigate the risks associated with the admission of that individual to that facility. (c) ROLES OF SECRETARY AND DIRECTOR OF  NATIONAL INTELLIGENCE AND DIRECTOR OF FEDERAL BUREAU OF INVESTIGATION .— (1) ROLE OF SECRETARY .—Under the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall conduct background reviews for all individuals described in section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)) seeking admission to facilities of national security laboratories described in that section. Such reviews by the Secretary shall be conducted independent of and in addition to background reviews conducted by the Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation under that section. (2) ROLES OF DIRECTOR OF NATIONAL INTEL LIGENCE AND DIRECTOR OF FEDERAL BUREAU OF  
INVESTIGATION .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), during the period during which the pilot program established under subsection (a) is being carried out, the Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation shall retain primary responsibility for the conduct of all background reviews required by section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)). (d) TERMINATION .—The pilot program established under subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is two years after the date of the enactment of this Act. (e) REPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than 90 days after the date on which the pilot program established under subsection (a) terminates under subsection (d), the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the conduct of background reviews under the pilot program that includes— (1) a comparison of the effectiveness of and timelines required for background reviews conducted by the Secretary under the pilot program and background reviews conducted by the Director of National Intelligence and the Director of the Federal Bureau of Investigation under section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)); and (2) the number of such reviews conducted for individuals who are citizens or agents of each country on the sensitive countries list referred to in that section. (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Armed Services and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate; and (B) the Committee on Armed Services and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. (2) NATIONAL SECURITY LABORATORY .—The term ‘‘national security laboratory’’ has the meaning given that term in section 4002 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501). SEC. 3122. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR PROGRAMS IN RUSSIAN FEDERATION. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—None of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for atomic energy defense activities may be obligated or expended to enter into a contract with, or otherwise provide assistance to, the Russian Federation. (b) WAIVER .—The Secretary of Energy, without delegation, may waive the prohibition in subsection (a) only if— (1) the Secretary determines, in writing, that a nuclearrelated threat in the Russian Federation must be addressed urgently and it is necessary to waive the prohibition to address that threat; (2) the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense concur in the determination under paragraph (1); (3) the Secretary of Energy submits to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing— (A) a notification that the waiver is in the national security interest of the United States; (B) justification for the waiver, including the determination under paragraph (1); and (C) a description of the activities to be carried out pursuant to the waiver, including the expected cost and timeframe for such activities; and (4) a period of seven days elapses following the date on which the Secretary submits the report under paragraph (3). (c) EXCEPTION .—The prohibition under subsection (a) and the requirements under subsection (b) to waive that prohibition shall not apply to an amount, not to exceed $3,000,000, that the Secretary may make available for the Department of Energy Russian Health Studies Program. (d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (1) The congressional defense committees. (2) The Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. 
SEC. 3123. PROHIBITION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS FOR RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT OF ADVANCED NAVAL NUCLEAR FUEL SYSTEM BASED ON LOWENRICHED URANIUM. 
(a) P ROHIBITION .—Except as provided by subsection (b), none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Energy or the Department of Defense may be obligated or expended to plan or carry out research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on lowenriched uranium. (b) EXCEPTION .—In accordance with section 7319 of title 10, United States Code, of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for defense nuclear nonproliferation, as specified in the funding table in section 4701, $10,000,000 shall be made available to the Deputy Administrator for Naval Reactors of the National Nuclear Security Administration for lowenriched uranium activities (including downblending of highenriched uranium fuel into lowenriched uranium fuel, research and development using lowenriched uranium fuel, or the modification or procurement of equipment and infrastructure related to such activities) to develop an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on low enriched uranium. 
SEC. 3124. LIMITATION ON AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS RELATING TO SUBMISSION OF ANNUAL REPORTS ON UNFUNDED PRIORITIES. 
Section 4716 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2756) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (d); and 
(2) by inserting after subsection (b) the following new subsection (c): ‘‘(c) LIMITATION .—If the Administrator fails to submit to the congressional defense committees a report required by subsection (a) for any of fiscal years 2020 through 2024 that includes the matters specified in subsection (b)(1) for at least one unfunded priority by the deadline specified in subsection (a), not more than 65 percent of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the fiscal year in which such failure occurs for travel and transportation of persons under the Federal salaries and expenses account of the Administration may be obligated or expended until the date on which the Administrator submits such report.’’. Subtitle C—Plans and Reports 
SEC. 3131. MODIFICATIONS TO COSTBENEFIT ANALYSES FOR COMPETITION OF MANAGEMENT AND OPERATING CONTRACTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle A of title XLVIII of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2781 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 4807. COSTBENEFIT ANALYSES FOR COMPETITION OF MANAGEMENT AND OPERATING CONTRACTS. 
‘‘(a) B RIEFINGS ON REQUESTS FOR PROPOSALS .—Not later than 7 days after issuing a request for proposals for a contract to manage and operate a facility of the Administration, the Administrator shall brief the congressional defense committees on the preliminary assessment of the Administrator of the costs and benefits of the competition for the contract, including a preliminary assessment of the matters described in subsection (c) with respect to the contract. ‘‘(b) REPORTS AFTER TRANSITION TO NEWCONTRACTS .—If the Administrator awards a new contract to manage and operate a facility of the Administration, the Administrator shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes the matters described in subsection (c) with respect to the contract by not later than 30 days after the completion of the period required to transition to the contract. ‘‘(c) MATTERS DESCRIBED .—The matters described in this subsection, with respect to a contract, are the following: ‘‘(1) A clear and complete description of the cost savings the Administrator expects to result from the competition for the contract over the life of the contract, including associated analyses, assumptions, and information sources used to determine such expected cost savings. ‘‘(2) A description of any key limitations or uncertainties that could affect such costs savings, including costs savings that are anticipated but not fully known. ‘‘(3) The costs of the competition for the contract, including the immediate costs of conducting the competition, the costs of the transition to the contract from the previous contract, and any increased costs over the life of the contract. ‘‘(4) A description of any disruptions or delays in mission activities or deliverables resulting from the competition for the contract. ‘‘(5) A clear and complete description of the benefits expected by the Administrator with respect to mission performance or operations resulting from the competition. ‘‘(6) How the competition for the contract complied with the Federal Acquisition Regulation regarding federally funded research and development centers, if applicable. ‘‘(7) The factors considered and processes used by the Administrator to determine— ‘‘(A) whether to compete or extend the previous contract; and ‘‘(B) which activities at the facility should be covered under the contract rather than under a different contract. ‘‘(8) With respect to the matters included under paragraphs (1) through (7), a detailed description of the analyses conducted by the Administrator to reach the conclusions presented in the report, including any assumptions, limitations, and uncertainties relating to such conclusions. ‘‘(9) Any other matters the Administrator considers appropriate. ‘‘(d) INFORMATION QUALITY .—Each briefing required by subsection (a) and report required by subsection (b) shall be prepared in accordance with— ‘‘(1) the information quality guidelines of the Department of Energy that are relevant to the clear and complete presentation of the matters described in subsection (c); and ‘‘(2) best practices of the Government Accountability Office and relevant industries for cost estimating, if appropriate. ‘‘(e) REVIEW OF REPORTS BY COMPTROLLER  GENERAL OF THE UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(1) INITIAL REVIEW .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees that includes a review of each report required by subsection (b) not later than 180 days after the report is submitted to such committees. ‘‘(2) COMPREHENSIVE REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) DETERMINATION .—The Comptroller General shall determine, in consultation with the congressional defense committees, whether to conduct a comprehensive review of a report required by subsection (b). ‘‘(B) SUBMISSION .—The Comptroller General shall submit a comprehensive review conducted under subparagraph (A) of a report required by subsection (b) to the congressional defense committees not later than 3 years after that report is submitted to such committees. ‘‘(C) ELEMENTS .—A comprehensive review conducted under subparagraph (A) of a report required by subsection (b) shall include an assessment, based on the most current information available, of the following: ‘‘(i) The actual cost savings achieved compared to cost savings estimated under subsection (c)(1), and any increased costs incurred under the contract that were unexpected or uncertain at the time the contract was awarded. ‘‘(ii) Any disruptions or delays in mission activities or deliverables resulting from the competition for the contract compared to the disruptions and delays estimated under subsection (c)(4). ‘‘(iii) Whether expected benefits of the competition with respect to mission performance or operations have been achieved. ‘‘(iv) Such other matters as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. ‘‘(f) APPLICABILITY .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The requirements for briefings under subsection (a) and reports under subsection (b) shall apply with respect to requests for proposals issued or contracts awarded, as applicable, by the Administrator during fiscal years 2019 through 2022. ‘‘(2) NAVAL REACTORS .—The requirements for briefings under subsection (a) and reports under subsection (b) shall not apply with respect to a management and operations contract for a Naval Reactor facility.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents for the Atomic Energy Defense Act is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4806 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 4807. Costbenefit analyses for competition of management and operating contracts.’’. (c) TERMINATION OF SUPERSEDED PROVISION .— Section 3121(e)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239; 126 Stat. 2175), as most recently amended by section 3135 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1207), is further amended by striking ‘‘2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’. 
(a) I NDEPENDENT ASSESSMENT .—Not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall seek to enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences for an independent assessment of nuclear forensic analyses conducted by the Federal Government. (b) ELEMENTS .—The assessment conducted by the National Academy of Sciences under subsection (a) shall, at minimum, include the following: (1) An assessment of a representative sample of nuclear forensic analyses from across the Federal departments and agencies, with particular emphasis on the validity, quality, value, cost effectiveness, gaps, and timeliness of such analyses. (2) An assessment of the methodologies used by nuclear forensics analyses from across the Federal departments and agencies, including the scientific rigor of such methodologies. (3) Recommendations for improving nuclear forensics analyses conducted by the Federal Government, including any best practices or lessons learned that should be shared across the Federal departments and agencies. (c) SUBMISSION .—Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report containing the assessment of the National Academy of Sciences under subsection (a). (d) BRIEFING ON SENIOR LEVEL INVOLVEMENT  
INEXERCISES .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the President shall provide to the appropriate congressional committees a briefing on the involvement of seniorlevel executive branch leadership in recent and planned nuclear terrorism preparedness or response exercises and any other exercises that have nuclear forensic analysis as a component of the exercises. (e) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMITTEES  DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall enter into an arrangement with the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine to conduct a review of the defense environmental cleanup activities of the Office of Environmental Management of the Department of Energy. (b) ELEMENTS .—The review conducted under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an assessment of— (A) project management practices with respect to the activities described in subsection (a); (B) the outcomes of such activities; and (C) the appropriateness of the level of engagement and oversight of the Office of Environmental Management with respect to such activities; and (2) recommendations with respect to actions to enhance the effectiveness and efficiency of such activities. 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) raising nuclear safety concerns is important for avoiding potentially catastrophic incidents or harm to workers and the public; (2) the Department of Energy should protect whistleblowers and take action against contractors and subcontractors that retaliate against whistleblowers; (3) such action sends a strong signal to prevent or limit retaliation against whistleblowers; and (4) the Secretary of Energy, acting through the Administrator for Nuclear Security as appropriate, should impose civil penalties under 
section 234A of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2282a) on contractors, subcontractors, and suppliers for violations of the rules, regulations, or orders of the Department of Energy relating to nuclear safety and radiation protection. (b) REPORT REQUIRED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with the Administrator, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on how the Secretary would define a chilled work environment with respect to employees and contractors of the Department making a whistleblower complaint under section 4602 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2702) or any provision of other law that may provide protection for disclosures of information by such employees or contractors. (2) ELEMENTS .—The report required by paragraph (1) shall include— (A) a description of what constitutes evidence of a chilled work environment referred to in that paragraph; (B) a description of relevant regulations enacted by the Secretary to enforce section 4602 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2702); and (C) an assessment of whether the Secretary has existing authority, or would need new authority, to enforce such section 4602 or any other relevant provision of law. (c) NOTIFICATION .—Not later than February 1, 2019, and annually thereafter through 2021, the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a notification of whether any penalties were imposed pursuant to section 234A of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2282a) during the year preceding the submission of the report, including a description of such penalties and the entities against which the penalties were imposed. (d) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—In this section, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (1) the congressional defense committees; and (2) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. 
SEC. 3135. IMPLEMENTATION OF NUCLEAR POSTURE REVIEW BY NATIONAL NUCLEAR SECURITY ADMINISTRATION. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—Not later than December 1, 2018, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the implementation of the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review by the National Nuclear Security Administration. (b) ELEMENTS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall include the following: (1) A list of specific actions associated with implementation of the policies set forth in the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review applicable to the National Nuclear Security Administration. (2) For each such action— (A) an identification of the office within the Administration with responsibility for the action; and (B) key milestones for the action. (3) A discussion of any challenges to successfully implementing such actions. (4) A description of the process established for monitoring the implementation of such actions. (5) A description of policy decisions by the Administrator that are necessary to complete the implementation of such actions. (6) A description of the estimated costs for such actions, if— (A) information on such costs is available; and (B) such costs are estimated to be significantly different from the costs for actions by the Administration associated with the implementation of policies set forth in previous Nuclear Posture Reviews. SEC. 3136. SURVEY OF WORKFORCE OF NATIONAL SECURITY LABORATORIES AND NUCLEAR WEAPONS PRODUCTION FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator for Nuclear Security shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report that includes— (1) a detailed proposal for a survey of the workforce of the national security laboratories and nuclear weapons production facilities that is modeled on the Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey of the Office of Personnel Management; (2) the determination of the Administrator with respect to whether to implement the survey; (3) the views of the Administrator regarding the value, efficiency, and effectiveness of the survey as compared to other means for acquiring information of the type collected using the survey; and (4) if the Administrator determines not to implement the survey, a description of the reasons for that determination. (b) IMPLEMENTATION FACTORS .—The report required by subsection (a) shall address factors associated with implementation of the survey described in that subsection, including— (1) the costs of designing the survey; (2) the time required for and the costs of administering the survey and analyzing the data from the survey; (3) the periodicity of administering the survey to ascertain trends; and (4) any other matters the Administrator considers appropriate. (c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the terms ‘‘national security laboratory’’ and ‘‘nuclear weapons production facility’’ have the meanings given those terms in section 4002 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2501). 
(a) R EPORT OF OWNER ’SAGENT ON HANFORD  WASTE TREATMENT AND IMMOBILIZATION PLANT CONTRACT .—Section 4446 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2626) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (d); and (2) by redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively. (b) ANNUAL CERTIFICATION OF SHIPMENTS TO  WASTE ISOLATION PILOT PLANT.—Section 3115(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2759) is amended, in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘fiveyear period’’ and inserting ‘‘threeyear period’’. Subtitle D—Other Matters 
SEC. 3141. ACCELERATION OF REPLACEMENT OF CESIUM BLOOD IRRADIATION SOURCES. 
(a) G OAL.—The Administrator for Nuclear Security shall ensure that the goal of the covered programs is eliminating the use of blood irradiation devices in the United States that rely on cesium chloride by December 31, 2027. (b) IMPLEMENTATION .—To meet the goal specified by subsection (a), the Administrator shall carry out the covered programs in a manner that— (1) is voluntary for owners of blood irradiation devices; (2) allows for the United States, subject to the review of the Administrator, to pay up to 50 percent of the perdevice cost of replacing blood irradiation devices covered by the programs; (3) allows for the United States to pay up to 100 percent of the cost of removing and disposing of cesium sources retired from service by the programs; and (4) replaces such devices with xray irradiation devices or other devices approved by the Food and Drug Administration that provide significant threat reduction as compared to cesium chloride irradiators. (c) DURATION .—The Administrator shall carry out the covered programs until December 31, 2027. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the covered programs, including— (1) identification of each cesium chloride blood irradiation device in the United States, including the number, general location, and user type; (2) a plan for achieving the goal established by subsection (a); (3) a methodology for prioritizing replacement of such devices that takes into account irradiator age and prior material security initiatives; (4) in consultation with the Nuclear Regulatory Commission and the Food and Drug Administration, a strategy identifying any legislative, regulatory, or other measures necessary to constrain the introduction of new cesium chloride blood irradiation devices; (5) identification of the annual funds required to meet the goal established by subsection (a); and (6) a description of the disposal path for cesium chloride sources under the covered programs. (e) ASSESSMENT .—The Administrator shall submit an assessment to the appropriate congressional committees by September 20, 2023, of the results of the actions on the covered programs under this section, including— (1) the number of replacement irradiators under the covered programs; (2) the lifecycle costs of the programs, including personnel training, maintenance, and replacement costs for new irradiation devices; (3) the costeffectiveness of the covered programs; (4) an analysis of the effectiveness of the new irradiation devices’ technology; and (5) a forecast of whether the Administrator will meet the goal established in subsection (a). (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES.—The term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means— (A) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; and (B) the Committee on Appropriations, the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate. (2) COVERED PROGRAMS .—The term ‘‘covered programs’’ means the following programs of the Office of Radiological Security of the National Nuclear Security Administration: (A) The Cesium Irradiator Replacement Program. (B) The OffSite Source Recovery Program. 
SEC. 3142. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING COMPENSATION OF INDIVIDUALS RELATING TO URANIUM MINING AND NUCLEAR TESTING. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress makes the following findings: (1) The Radiation Exposure Compensation Act (42 U.S.C. 2210 note) was enacted in 1990 to provide monetary compensation to individuals who contracted certain cancers and other serious diseases following their exposure to radiation released during atmospheric nuclear weapons testing during the Cold War or following exposure to radiation as a result of employment in the uranium industry during the Cold War. (2) The Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 (42 U.S.C. 7384 et seq.) formally acknowledged the dangers to which some employees of sites of the Department of Energy and its vendors during the Cold War were exposed. That Act also acknowledged that, although establishing the link between occupational hazards and specific diseases can be difficult, scientific evidence exists to support the conclusion that some activities related to Cold War nuclear weapons production 
have resulted in increased risk of illness and death to workers. That Act established a formal process for the submission of claims for medical expenses and lump sum compensation for former employees and contractors and survivors of those former employees and contractors. (3) As of the date of the enactment of this Act, more than 150,231 claims have been paid out under the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act and the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000, for a total of at least $17,400,000,000 in lump sum compensation and medical expenses. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that the United States Government should appropriately compensate and recognize the employees, contractors, and other individuals described in subsection (a). TITLE XXXII—DEFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES SAFETY BOARD Sec. 3201. Authorization. 
There are authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2019, $31,243,000 for the operation of the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board under chapter 21 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2286 et seq.). TITLE XXXIV—NAVAL PETROLEUM RESERVES TITLE XXXIV—NAVAL PETROLEUM RESERVES Sec. 3401. Authorization of appropriations. 
(a) A MOUNT .—There are hereby authorized to be appropriated to the Secretary of Energy $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2019 for the purpose of carrying out activities under chapter 641 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the naval petroleum reserves. (b) PERIOD OF AVAILABILITY .—Funds appropriated pursuant to the authorization of appropriations in subsection (a) shall remain available until expended. TITLE XXXV—MARITIME MATTERS TITLE XXXV—MARITIME MATTERS Subtitle A—Maritime Administration Sec. 3501. Authorization of the Maritime Administration. Sec. 3502. Compliance by Ready Reserve Fleet vessels with SOLAS lifeboats and fire suppression requirements. Sec. 3503. Maritime Administration National Security MultiMission Vessel Program. Sec. 3504. Permanent authority of Secretary of Transportation to issue vessel war risk insurance. Sec. 3505. Use of State maritime academy training vessels. Sec. 3506. Concurrent jurisdiction. Sec. 3507. United States Merchant Marine Academy policy on sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking. Sec. 3508. Report on implementation of recommendations for the United States Merchant Marine Academy Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program. Sec. 3509. Report on the application of the Uniform Code of Military Justice to the United States Merchant Marine Academy. Sec. 3510. Electronic records on mariner availability to meet national security needs. Sec. 3511. Small shipyard grants. Sec. 3512. Sea year on contracted vessels. Sec. 3513. GAO report on national maritime strategy. Sec. 3514. Multiyear contracts. Sec. 3515. Miscellaneous. Sec. 3516. Department of Transportation Inspector General report on Title XI program. Subtitle B—Coast Guard Sec. 3521. Alignment with Department of Defense and sea services authorities. Sec. 3522. Preliminary development and demonstration. Sec. 3523. Contract termination. Sec. 3524. Reimbursement for travel expenses. Sec. 3525. Capital investment plan. Sec. 3526. Major acquisition program risk assessment. Sec. 3527. Marine safety implementation status. Sec. 3528. Retirement of Vice Commandant. Sec. 3529. Large recreational vessel regulations. Subtitle C—Coast Guard and Shipping Technical Corrections CHAPTER 1—C OAST GUARD  Sec. 3531. Commandant defined. Sec. 3532. Training course on workings of Congress. Sec. 3533. Miscellaneous. Sec. 3534. Department of Defense consultation. Sec. 3535. Repeal. Sec. 3536. Mission need statement. Sec. 3537. Continuation on active duty. Sec. 3538. System acquisition authorization. Sec. 3539. Inventory of real property. CHAPTER 2—M ARITIME TRANSPORTATION  Sec. 3541. Definitions. Sec. 3542. Authority to exempt vessels. Sec. 3543. Passenger vessels. Sec. 3544. Tank vessels. Sec. 3545. Grounds for denial or revocation. Sec. 3546. Miscellaneous corrections to title 46, U.S.C. Sec. 3547. Miscellaneous corrections to Oil Pollution Act of 1990. Sec. 3548. Miscellaneous corrections. Subtitle A—Maritime Administration 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Transportation for fiscal year 2019, to be available without fiscal year limitation if so provided in appropriations Acts, for programs associated with maintaining the United States merchant marine, the following amounts: (1) For expenses necessary for operations of the United States Merchant Marine Academy, $74,593,000, of which— (A) $70,593,000 shall be for Academy operations; and (B) $4,000,000 shall remain available until expended for capital asset management at the Academy. (2) For expenses necessary to support the State maritime academies, $32,200,000, of which— (A) $2,400,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2019, for the Student Incentive Program; (B) $6,000,000 shall remain available until expended for direct payments to such academies; (C) $22,000,000 shall remain available until expended for maintenance and repair of State maritime academy training vessels; and (D) $1,800,000 shall remain available until expended for training ship fuel assistance. (3) For expenses necessary to support the National Security MultiMission Vessel Program, $300,000,000, which shall remain available until expended. (4) For expenses necessary to support Maritime Administration operations and programs, $60,442,000, of which $5,000,000 shall remain available until expended for port infrastructure development under section 50302 of title 46, United States Code. (5) For expenses necessary to dispose of vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet, $5,000,000, which shall remain available until expended. (6) For expenses necessary to maintain and preserve a United States flag merchant marine to serve the national security needs of the United States under chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, $300,000,000. (7) For expenses necessary for the loan guarantee program authorized under chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code, $33,000,000, of which— (A) $30,000,000 may be used for the cost (as defined in section 502(5) of the Federal Credit Reform Act of 1990 (2 U.S.C. 661a(5))) of loan guarantees under the program; and (B) $3,000,000 may be used for administrative expenses relating to loan guarantee commitments under the program. (8) For expenses necessary to provide assistance to small shipyards and for maritime training programs under section 54101 of title 46, United States Code, $35,000,000. (b) CAPITAL ASSET MANAGEMENT PROGRAM  REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report on the status of unexpended appropriations for capital asset management at the United States Merchant Marine Academy, and the plan for expending such appropriations. 
SEC. 3502. COMPLIANCE BY READY RESERVE FLEET VESSELS WITH SOLAS LIFEBOATS AND FIRE SUPPRESSION REQUIREMENTS. 
The Secretary of Defense shall, consistent with section 2244a of title 10, United States Code, use authority under section 2218 of such title to make such modifications to Ready Reserve Fleet vessels as are necessary for such vessels to comply requirements for lifeboats and fire suppression under the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea by not later than October 1, 2021. 
SEC. 3503. MARITIME ADMINISTRATION NATIONAL SECURITY MULTIMISSION VESSEL PROGRAM. 
Section 3505 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2776) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) LIMITATION ON USE OF FUNDS FOR USED VESSELS .—Amounts authorized by this or any other Act for use by the Maritime Administration to carry out this section may not be used for the procurement of any used vessel.’’. 
SEC. 3504. PERMANENT AUTHORITY OF SECRETARY OF TRANSPORTATION TO ISSUE VESSEL WAR RISK INSURANCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 53912 of title 46, United States Code, is repealed. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections at the beginning of chapter 539 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 53912. 
SEC. 3505. USE OF STATE MARITIME ACADEMY TRAINING VESSELS. 
Section 51504(g) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) VESSEL SHARING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, the Secretary, acting through the Maritime Administrator, shall upon consultation with the maritime academies, and to the extent feasible with the consent of the maritime academies, implement a program of training vessel sharing, requiring maritime academies to share training vessel provided by the Secretary among maritime academies, as necessary to ensure that training needs of each academy are met. ‘‘(2) PROGRAM OF VESSEL SHARING .—For pur poses of this subsection, a program of vessel sharing shall include— ‘‘(A) ways to maximize the available underway training available in the fleet of training vessels; ‘‘(B) coordinating the dates and duration of training cruises with the academic calendars of maritime academies; 
‘‘(C) coordinating academic programs designed to be implemented aboard training vessels among maritime academies; and ‘‘(D) identifying ways to minimize costs. ‘‘(3) ADDITIONAL FUNDING .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Maritime Administrator may provide additional funding to State maritime academies during periods of limited training vessel capacity, for costs associated with training vessel sharing. ‘‘(4) EVALUATION .—Not later than 30 days after the beginning of each fiscal year, the Secretary, acting through the Maritime Administrator, shall evaluate the vessel sharing program under this subsection to determine the optimal utilization of State maritime training vessels, and modify the program as necessary to improve utilization.’’. 
Notwithstanding any other law, the Secretary of Transportation may relinquish, at the Secretary’s discretion, to the State of New York, such measure of legislative jurisdiction over the lands constituting the United States Merchant Marine Academy in King’s Point, New York, as is necessary to establish concurrent jurisdiction between the Federal Government and the State of New York. Such partial relinquishment of legislative jurisdiction shall be accomplished— (1) by filing with the Governor of New York a notice of relinquishment to take effect upon acceptance thereof; or (2) as the laws of that State may provide. 
SEC. 3507. UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY POLICY ON SEXUAL HARASSMENT, DATING VIOLENCE, DOMESTIC VIOLENCE, SEXUAL ASSAULT, AND STALKING. 
(a) P OLICY ON SEXUAL HARASSMENT , DATING  VIOLENCE , D OMESTIC VIOLENCE , SEXUAL ASSAULT , ANDSTALKING .—Section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and prevention’’ after ‘‘awareness’’; (B) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (C), and subparagraphs (C) through (F) as subparagraphs (E) through (H), respectively; (C) by inserting after subparagraph (A) the following: ‘‘(B) procedures for documenting, tracking, and maintaining the data required to conduct the annual assessments to determine the effectiveness of the policies, procedures, and training program of the Academy with respect to sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking involving cadets or other Academy personnel, as required by subsection (c);’’; and (D) by inserting after subparagraph (C), as redesignated by subparagraph (B), the following: ‘‘(D) procedures for investigating sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, or stalking involving a cadet or other Academy personnel to determine whether disciplinary action is necessary;’’; (2) in subsection (b)(2)(A), by inserting ‘‘and other Academy personnel’’ after ‘‘cadets at the Academy’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A) by inserting ‘‘, including sexual harassment,’’ after ‘‘sexual assaults, rapes, and other sexual offenses’’; and (B) in paragraph (4)(B), by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than January 15 of each year, the Secretary’’. (b) IMPLEMENTATION .—The Superintendent of the United States Merchant Marine Academy may implement the amendment to subsection (b)(2)(A) of section 51318 of title 46, United States Code, made by subsection (a)(2), by updating an existing plan issued pursuant to the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). SEC. 3508. REPORT ON IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS FOR THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY SEXUAL ASSAULT PREVENTION AND RESPONSE PROGRAM. 
Not later than April 1, 2019, the Maritime Administrator shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report describing the progress of the Maritime Administration in implementing and closing each of the recommendations made in the Office of Inspector General’s Report issued March 28, 2018 (ST–2018–039) identifying gaps in the United States Merchant Marine Academy’s Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program. 
SEC. 3509. REPORT ON THE APPLICATION OF THE UNIFORM CODE OF MILITARY JUSTICE TO THE UNITED STATES MERCHANT MARINE ACADEMY. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Maritime Administrator shall submit a report to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives on the impediments to the application of the Uniform Code of Military Justice at the United States Merchant Marine Academy. (b) CONSULTATION .—The Maritime Administrator may, in preparing the report under subsection (a), consult with the Department of Defense, other Federal agencies, and nonFederal entities, as appropriate. 
SEC. 3510. ELECTRONIC RECORDS ON MARINER AVAILABILITY TO MEET NATIONAL SECURITY NEEDS. 
The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall ensure that electronic records maintained under section 7502 of title 46, United States Code, are able to be used by the Secretary of Transportation— (1) to determine the potential availability of mariners credentialed under part E of subtitle II of title 46, United States Code, to meet national security sealift needs; and (2) to receive information on the qualification of such mariners. 
Section 54101(b) of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) TIMING OF GRANT NOTICE .—The Administrator shall post a Notice of Funding Opportunity regarding grants awarded under this section not more than 15 days after the date of enactment of the appropriations Act for the fiscal year concerned.’’; and (3) in paragraph (4), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)’’. 
Section 51307 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; (2) in paragraph (1) of subsection (a), by striking ‘‘owned or subsidized by’’ and inserting ‘‘owned, subsidized by, or contracted with’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) MARITIME SECURITY PROGRAM VESSELS .— The Secretary shall require an operator of a vessel participating in the Maritime Security Program under chapter 531 of this title to carry on each Maritime Security Program vessel 2 United States Merchant Marine Academy cadets, if available, on each voyage. ‘‘(c) MILITARY SEALIFT COMMAND VESSELS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the Commander of the Military Sealift Command shall require an operator of a vessel in the United States Navy’s Military Sealift Command to carry on each such vessel 2 United States Merchant Marine Academy cadets, if available, on each voyage, if the vessel— ‘‘(A) is flagged in the United States; and ‘‘(B) is rated at 10,000 gross tons or higher. ‘‘(2) WAIVER .—The Commander of the Military Sealift Command may waive the requirement under paragraph (1) at any time if the Commander determines that carrying a cadet from the United States Merchant Marine Academy would place an undue burden on the vessel or the operator of the vessel. ‘‘(d) DEFINITION OF OPERATOR .—In this section, the term ‘operator’ includes a government operator and a nongovernment operator. ‘‘(e) SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section may be construed as affecting— ‘‘(1) the discretion of the Secretary to determine whether to place a United States Merchant Marine Academy cadet on a vessel; ‘‘(2) the authority of the Coast Guard regarding a vessel security plan approved under section 70103; or ‘‘(3) the discretion of the master of the vessel to ensure the safety of all crew members.’’. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall complete a study and submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate, the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, a report on— (1) the key challenges, if any, to ensuring that the United States marine transportation system and merchant marine are sufficient to support United States economic and defense needs, as articulated by the Maritime Administration, the Committee on the Marine Transportation System, and other stakeholders; (2) the extent to which a national maritime strategy incorporates desirable characteristics of successful national strategies as identified by the Comptroller General, and any key obstacles (as identified by stakeholders) to successfully implementing such strategies; and (3) the extent to which Federal efforts to establish a national maritime strategy are duplicative or fragmented, and if so, the impact on United States maritime policy for the future. (b) DEADLINE .—Subsection (a) of section 603 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281; 128 Stat. 3061) is amended by striking ‘‘Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 18 months after the date of the enactment of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. 
Section 3505 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2776), as amended by section 3503 of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(i) CONTRACTING AUTHORITY NOT AFFECTED .—Nothing in this section may be construed to prohibit the entity responsible for contracting from entering into a multipleyear or block contract for the procurement of up to 6 new vessels and associated Governmentfurnished equipment, subject to the availability of appropriations.’’. 
(a) N ONCOMMERCIAL VESSELS .—Section 3514(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 46 U.S.C. 51318 note) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Not later than’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than’’; and (2) by redesignating paragraphs (1) and (2) as subparagraphs (A) and (B), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; and 
(3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) NONCOMMERCIAL VESSELS .—For the purposes of this section, vessels operated by any of the following entities shall not be considered commercial vessels: ‘‘(A) Any entity or agency of the United States. ‘‘(B) The government of a State or territory. ‘‘(C) Any political subdivision of a State or territory. ‘‘(D) Any other municipal organization.’’. (b) PASSENGER RECORDS .—Section 51322(c) of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(c) MAINTENANCE OF SEXUAL ASSAULT TRAINING RECORDS .—The Maritime Administrator shall require the owner or operator of a commercial vessel, or the seafarer union for a commercial vessel, to maintain records of sexual assault training for any person required to have such training.’’. (c) NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC ADMINISTRATION .—Section 3134 of title 40, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  ADMINISTRATION .—The Secretary of Commerce may waive this subchapter with respect to contracts for the construction, alteration, or repair of vessels, regardless of the terms of the contracts as to payment or title, when the contract is made under the Act entitled ‘An Act to define the functions and duties of the Coast and Geodetic Survey, and for other purposes’, approved August 6, 1947 (33 U.S.C. 883a et seq.).’’. (d) ANNUAL PAYMENTS FOR MAINTENANCE AND  SUPPORT .—Section 51505(b)(2) of title 46 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) MAXIMUM .—The amount under paragraph (1) may not be more than $25,000, unless the academy satisfies section 51506(b) of this title.’’. 
SEC. 3516. DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION INSPECTOR GENERAL REPORT ON TITLE XI PROGRAM. 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Department of Transportation Office of Inspector General shall— (1) initiate an audit of the financial controls and protections included in the policies and procedures of the Department of Transportation for approving loan applications for the loan guarantee program authorized under chapter 537 of title 46, United States Code; and (2) submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report containing the results of that audit once the audit is completed. Subtitle B—Coast Guard 
SEC. 3521. ALIGNMENT WITH DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AND SEA SERVICES AUTHORITIES. 
(a) P ROHIBITING SEXUAL HARASSMENT ; REPORT.— (1) NOTIFICATION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Commandant of the Coast Guard shall notify the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate on August 26, 2018, if there is not in effect a general order or regulation prohibiting sexual harassment by members of the Coast Guard and clearly stating that a violation of such order or regulation is punishable in accordance with the Uniform Code of Military Justice. (B) CONTENTS .—The notification required under subparagraph (A) shall include— (i) details regarding the status of the drafting of such general order or regulation; (ii) a projected implementation timeline for such general order or regulation; and (iii) an explanation regarding any barriers to implementation. (2) REPORT .—Section 217 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–281; 14 U.S.C. 93 note) is amended— (A) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘and incidents of sexual harassment’’ after ‘‘sexual assaults’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘and incidents of sexual harassment’’ after ‘‘sexual assaults’’ each place it appears; (ii) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘and sexual harassment’’ after ‘‘sexual assault’’; and (iii) in paragraph (4), by inserting ‘‘and sexual harassment’’ after ‘‘sexual assault’’. (b) ANNUAL PERFORMANCE REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 2905. Annual performance report ‘‘Not later than the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall make available on a public website and submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate an update on Coast Guard mission performance during the previous fiscal year.’’. (2) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘2905. Annual performance report.’’. 
Section 573 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(3), by— (A) striking ‘‘require that safety concerns identified’’ and inserting ‘‘ensure that independent third parties and Government employees that identify safety concerns’’; and (B) striking ‘‘Coast Guard shall be communicated as’’ and inserting ‘‘Coast Guard communicate such concerns as’’; (2) in subsection (b)(4), by striking ‘‘Any safety concerns that have been reported to the Chief Acquisition Officer for an acquisition program or project shall be reported by the Commandant’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commandant shall ensure that any safety concerns that have been communicated under paragraph (3) for an acquisition program or project are reported’’; (3) in subsection (b)(5)— (A) by striking the matter preceding subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) ASSET ALREADY IN LOW , INITIAL , OR FULL  
RATE PRODUCTION .—The Commandant shall ensure that if an independent third party or a Government employee identifies a safety concern with a capability or asset or any subsystems of a capability or asset not previously identified during operational test and evaluation of a capability or asset already in low, initial, or full rate production—’’; (B) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘the Commandant, through the Assistant Commandant for Capability, shall’’ before ‘‘notify’’; and (C) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘notify the Chief Acquisition Officer and include in such notification’’ and inserting ‘‘the Deputy Commandant for Mission Support shall notify the Commandant and the Deputy Commandant for Operations of the safety concern within 50 days after the notification required under subparagraph (A), and include in such notification’’; and (4) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2)(A), by striking ‘‘and that are delivered after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010’’; and (B) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and delivered after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 656 the following: ‘‘§ 657. Contract termination ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) NOTIFICATION .—Before terminating a procurement or acquisition contract with a total value of more than $1,000,000, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall notify each vendor under such contract and require the vendor to maintain all work product related to the contract until the earlier of— ‘‘(A) not less than 1 year after the date of the notification; or ‘‘(B) the date the Commandant notifies the vendor that maintenance of such work product is no longer required. ‘‘(b) WORK PRODUCT DEFINED .—In this section the term ‘work product’— ‘‘(1) means tangible and intangible items and information produced or possessed as a result of a contract referred to in subsection (a); and ‘‘(2) includes— ‘‘(A) any completed end items; ‘‘(B) any uncompleted end items; and ‘‘(C) any property in the contractor’s possession in which the United States Government has an interest. ‘‘(c) PENALTY .—A vendor that fails to maintain work product as required under subsection (a) is liable to the United States for a civil penalty of not more than $25,000 for each day on which such work product is unavailable. ‘‘(d) REPORT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), not later than 45 days after the end of each fiscal year the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall provide to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report detailing— ‘‘(A) all Coast Guard contracts with a total value of more than $1,000,000 that were terminated in the fiscal year; ‘‘(B) all vendors who were notified under subsection (a)(1) in the fiscal year, and the date of such notification; ‘‘(C) all criminal, administrative, and other investigations regarding any contract with a total value of more than $1,000,000 that were initiated by the Coast Guard in the fiscal year; ‘‘(D) all criminal, administrative, and other investigations regarding contracts with a total value of more than $1,000,000 that were completed by the Coast Guard in the fiscal year; and ‘‘(E) an estimate of costs incurred by the Coast Guard, including contract line items and termination costs, as a result of the requirements of this section. ‘‘(2) LIMITATION .—The Commandant is not required to provide a report under paragraph (1) for any fiscal year for which there is no responsive information as described in subparagraphs (A) through (E) of paragraph (1).’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 656 the following: ‘‘657. Contract termination.’’. 
The text of section 518 of title 14, United States Code is amended to read as follows: ‘‘In any case in which a covered beneficiary (as defined in section 1072(5) of title 10) resides on an island that is located in the 48 contiguous States and the District of Columbia and that lacks public access roads to the mainland, the Secretary shall reimburse the reasonable travel expenses of the covered beneficiary and, when accompaniment by an adult is necessary, for a parent or guardian of the covered beneficiary or another member of the covered beneficiary’s family who is at least 21 years of age, if— ‘‘(1) the covered beneficiary is referred by a primary care physician to a specialty care provider (as defined in section 1074i(b) of title 10) on the mainland who provides services less than 
100 miles from the location where the beneficiary resides; or ‘‘(2) the Coast Guard medical regional manager for the area in which such island is located determines that the covered beneficiary requires services of a primary care, specialty care, or dental provider and such a provider who is part of the network of providers of a TRICARE program (as that term is defined in section 1072(7) of title 10) does not practice on such island.’’. 
Section 2902(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘On the date’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 60 days after the date’’; (2) in paragraph (1)(D), by striking ‘‘and’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (1)(E) the following: ‘‘(F) projected commissioning and decommissioning dates for each asset; and’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, as amended by section 3521(b)(1) of this Act, is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 2906. Major acquisition program risk assessment ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not later than April 15 and October 15 of each year, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall provide to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a briefing regarding a current assessment of the risks associated with all current major acquisition programs, as that term is defined in section 2903(f). ‘‘(b) ELEMENTS .—Each assessment under this subsection shall include, for each current major acquisition program, discussion of the following: ‘‘(1) The top five current risks to such program. ‘‘(2) Any failure of such program to demonstrate a key performance parameter or threshold during operational test and evaluation conducted during the 2 fiscalyear quarters preceding such assessment. ‘‘(3) Whether there has been any decision in such 2 fiscalyear quarters to order fullrate production before all key performance parameters or thresholds are met. ‘‘(4) Whether there has been any breach of major acquisition program cost (as defined by the Major Systems Acquisition Manual) in such 2 fiscalyear quarters. ‘‘(5) Whether there has been any breach of major acquisition program schedule (as so defined) during such 2 fiscalyear quarters.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of such chapter is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘2906. Major acquisition program risk assessment.’’. (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 2903 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking subsection (f); and (2) by redesignating subsection (g) as subsection (f). 
On the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget for fiscal year 2020 under section 1105 of title 31, and on such date for each of the 2 subsequent years, the Commandant of the Coast Guard shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the status of implementation of each action outlined in the Commandant’s final action memo dated December 19, 2017. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 46 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in the section heading, by inserting ‘‘ or Vice Commandant’’ after ‘‘Commandant’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (a) as subsection (a)(1); (3) by adding at the end of subsection (a) the following: ‘‘(2) A Vice Commandant who is not reappointed or appointed Commandant shall be retired with the grade of admiral at the expiration of the appointed term, except as provided in section 51(d).’’; (4) in subsections (b) and (c), by inserting ‘‘or Vice Commandant’’ after ‘‘Commandant’’ each place it appears; and (5) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘his’’ and inserting ‘‘the officer’s’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 51 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘other than the Commandant,’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘other than the Commandant or Vice Commandant,’’. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis at the beginning of chapter 3 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 46 and inserting the following: ‘‘46. Retirement of Commandant or Vice Commandant.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) ISSUANCE .—The Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating shall issue large recreational vessel regulations applicable to any recreational vessel (as defined in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code) over 300 gross tons as measured under section 14502 of such title, or an alternate tonnage measured under section 14302 of such title as prescribed by the Secretary under section 14104 of such title, that does not carry any cargo or passengers for hire. (2) SCOPE AND CONTENT OF REGULATIONS .— The regulations issued under this subsection— (A) subject to subparagraph (B), shall be comparable to the code set forth in Merchant Shipping Notice 1851(M) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Large Commercial Yacht Code (LY3)’’), as published by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency of the United Kingdom on August 20, 2013, or an equivalent code, regulation, or standard that is acceptable to the Secretary; and (B) shall require that, as part of the review of an application for documentation of a vessel that is subject to the regulations, the owner shall disclose to the Coast Guard— (i) the identification and place of residence of such owner; and (ii) if the owner is an entity described in paragraph (2), (3), or (4) of section 12103(b) of title 46, United States Code, the beneficial owners of such entity. (3) DEADLINE .—The Secretary shall issue regulations required by paragraph (1) by not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (4) INTERIM COMPLIANCE .—Until the effective date of regulations issued under paragraph (1), a recreational vessel described in paragraph (1) shall not be subject to inspection under section 3301(7) of title 46, United States Code, if the Secretary determines, as part of the review of the application for documentation submitted for the vessel by the owner of the vessel and other materials as considered necessary by the Secretary, that the vessel complies with the code set forth in Merchant Shipping Notice 1851(M) (commonly referred to as the ‘‘Large Commercial Yacht Code (LY3)’’), as published by the Maritime and Coastguard Agency of the United Kingdom on August 20, 2013, or an equivalent code, regulation, or standard that is acceptable to the Secretary. (5) DEFINITIONS .— (A) BENEFICIAL OWNER .—In this subsection the term ‘‘beneficial owner’’— (i) means, with respect to an entity, each natural person who, directly or indirectly— (I) exercises control over the entity through ownership interests, voting rights, agreements, or otherwise; or (II) has an interest in or receives substantial economic benefits from the assets of the entity; and (ii) does not include, with respect to an entity— (I) a minor child; (II) a person acting as a nominee, intermediary, custodian, or agent on behalf of another person; (III) a person acting solely as an employee of the entity and whose control over or economic benefits from the entity derives solely from the employment status of the person; (IV) a person whose only interest in the entity is through a right of inheritance, unless the person otherwise meets the definition of ‘‘beneficial owner’’’ under this subparagraph; and (V) a creditor of the entity, unless the creditor otherwise meets the requirements of ‘‘beneficial owner’’ under this subparagraph. (B) OWNER .—In this subsection, other than in subparagraph (A) of this paragraph, the term ‘‘owner’’ means the person who is the eligible owner of the vessel for purposes of section 12103(b) of title 46, United States Code. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 3302 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(n)(1) A seagoing motor vessel is not subject to inspection under section 3301(7) of this title if the vessel— ‘‘(A) is a recreational vessel (as defined in section 2101 of this title) over 300 gross tons as measured under section 14502, or an alternate tonnage measured under section 14302 of this title as prescribed by the Secretary under section 14104 of this title; ‘‘(B) does not carry any cargo or passengers for hire; and ‘‘(C) is found by the Secretary to comply with large recreational vessel regulations issued by the Secretary. ‘‘(2) This subsection shall apply only on and after the effective date of regulations referred to in paragraph (1)(C).’’. Subtitle C—Coast Guard and Shipping Technical Corrections CHAPTER 1—COAST GUARD 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 1 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5. Commandant defined ‘‘In this title, the term ‘Commandant’ means the Commandant of the Coast Guard.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The analysis for chapter 1 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘5. Commandant defined.’’. (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in section 58(a) by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (2) in section 101 by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (3) in section 693 by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (4) in section 672a(a) by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (5) in section 678(a) by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (6) in section 561(a) by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (7) in section 577(a) by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (8) in section 581— 
(A) by striking paragraph (4); and (B) by redesignating paragraphs (5) through (12) as paragraphs (4) through (11), respectively; (9) in section 200(a) by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (10) in section 196(b)(1) by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (11) in section 199 by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (12) in section 429(a)(1) by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (13) in section 423(a)(2) by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; (14) in section 2702(5) by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’; and (15) in section 2902(a) by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’. 
Section 60(d) of title 14, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) COMPLETION OF REQUIRED TRAINING .—A Coast Guard flag officer who is newly appointed or assigned to a billet in the National Capital Region, and a Coast Guard Senior Executive Service employee who is newly employed in the National Capital Region, shall complete a training course that meets the requirements of this section not later than 60 days after reporting for duty.’’. 
(a) S ECRETARY ; GENERAL POWERS .—Section 92 of title 14, United States Code, is amended by redesignating subsections (f) through (i) as subsections (e) through (h), respectively. (b) COMMANDANT ; GENERAL POWERS .—Section 93(a)(21) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 30305(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 30305(b)(7)’’. (c) ENLISTED MEMBERS .— (1) DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY AND DEPART MENT OF THE AIR FORCE .—Section 144(b) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘enlisted men’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘enlisted members’’. (2) NAVY DEPARTMENT .—Section 145(b) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘enlisted men’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘enlisted members’’. (3) PURCHASE OF COMMISSARY AND QUARTER MASTER SUPPLIES .—Section 4 of the Act of May 22, 1926 (44 Stat. 626, chapter 371; 33 U.S.C. 754a), is amended by striking ‘‘enlisted men’’ and inserting ‘‘enlisted members’’. (d) ARCTIC MARITIME TRANSPORTATION .—Sec tion 90(f) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking the question mark. (e) LONGTERMLEASE AUTHORITY FOR LIGHTHOUSE PROPERTY .—Section 672a(a) of title 14, United States Code, as amended by this Act, is further amended by striking ‘‘Section 321 of chapter 314 of the Act of June 30, 1932 (40 U.S.C. 303b)’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 1302 of title 40’’. (f) REQUIRED CONTRACT TERMS .—Section 565 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘awarded or issued by the Coast Guard after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1) by striking ‘‘after the date of enactment of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2010’’. (g) ACQUISITION PROGRAM BASELINE  BREACH .—Section 575(c) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘certification, with a supporting explanation, that’’ and inserting ‘‘determination, with a supporting explanation, of whether’’. (h) ENLISTMENTS ; T ERM, G RADE .—Section 351(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by inserting ‘‘the duration of their’’ before ‘‘minority’’. (i) MEMBERS OF THE AUXILIARY ; STATUS .— Section 823a(b)(9) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘On or after January 1, 2001, section’’ and inserting ‘‘Section’’. (j) USE OF MEMBER ’SFACILITIES .—Section 826(b) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 154 of title 23, United States Code’’ and inserting ‘‘section 30102 of title 49’’. (k) AVAILABILITY OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec tion 830(b) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘1954’’ and inserting ‘‘1986’’. 
Section 566 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b) by striking ‘‘enter into’’ and inserting ‘‘maintain’’; and (2) by striking subsection (d). 
Section 568 of title 14, United States Code, and the item relating to that section in the analysis for chapter 15 of that title, are repealed. 
Section 569 of title 14, United States Code, is— (1) amended in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘for fiscal year 2019’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘, on the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget for fiscal year 2019 under such section,’’. 
Section 290(a) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Officers, other than the Commandant, serving’’ and inserting ‘‘Officers serving’’. 
OFAPPROPRIATIONS .—Section 2701(2) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and aircraft’’ and inserting ‘‘aircraft, and systems’’. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Sec tion 2702(2) of title 14, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘and aircraft’’ and inserting ‘‘aircraft, and systems’’. 
Section 679 of title 14, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by striking ‘‘Not later than September 30, 2015, the Commandant shall establish’’ and inserting ‘‘The Commandant shall maintain’’; and (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) UPDATES .—The Commandant shall update information on each unit of real property included in the inventory required under subsection (a) not later than 30 days after any change relating to the control of such property.’’. CHAPTER 2—MARITIME TRANSPORTATION 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) Section 2101 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (A) by inserting after paragraph (4) the following: ‘‘( ) ‘Commandant’ means the Commandant of the Coast Guard.’’; (B) by striking the semicolon at the end of paragraph (14) and inserting a period; and (C) by redesignating the paragraphs of such section in order as paragraphs (1) through (54), respectively. (2) Section 3701 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3) respectively. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) Section 114(o)(3) of the Marine Mammal Protection Act of 1972 (16 U.S.C. 1383a(o)(3)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘section 2101(11a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(12)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘section 2101(11b)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(13)’’. (2) Section 3(3) of the MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act (16 U.S.C. 1802(3)), is amended by striking ‘‘section 2101(21a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(30)’’. (3) Section 1992(d)(7) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2101(22)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(31)’’. (4) Section 12(c) of the Fishermen’s Protective Act of 1967 (22 U.S.C. 1980b(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2101(11a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(12)’’. (5) Section 311(a)(26)(D) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1321(a)(26)(D)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 2101(17a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(23)’’. (6) Section 2113(3) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2101(42)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(51)(A)’’. (7) Section 2116(d)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Coast Guard Commandant’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’. (8) Section 3202(a)(1)(A) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2101(21)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(29)(A)’’. (9) Section 3507 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (k)(1), by striking ‘‘section 2101(22)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(31)’’; and (B) by striking subsection (l) and inserting the following: ‘‘(l) DEFINITION .—In this section and section 3508, the term ‘owner’ means the owner, charterer, managing operator, master, or other individual in charge of a vessel.’’. (10) Section 4105 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘section 2101(42)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(51)’’; and (B) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘section 2101(42)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(51)(A)’’. (11) Section 6101(i)(4) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘of the Coast Guard’’. (12) Section 7510(c)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ and inserting ‘‘Commandant’’. (13) Section 7706(a) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘of the Coast Guard’’. (14) Section 8108(a)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘of the Coast Guard’’. (15) Section 12119(a)(3) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2101(20)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2101(26)’’. (16) Section 80302(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘of the Coast Guard’’ the first place it appears. (17) Section 1101 of title 49, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Section 2101(17a)’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 2101(23)’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2113 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) by adding ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end of paragraph (3); and (2) by striking paragraphs (4) and (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) maintain different structural fire protection, manning, operating, and equipment requirements for vessels that satisfied requirements set forth in the Passenger Vessel Safety Act of 1993 (Public Law 103–206) before June 21, 1994.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—Section 3306(i) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 2113(5)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2113(4)’’. 
(a) P ASSENGER VESSEL SECURITY AND SAFETY  REQUIREMENTS .—Section 3507 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— 
(1) by striking subsection (a)(3); (2) in subsection (e)(2), by striking ‘‘services confidential’’ and inserting ‘‘services as confidential’’; and (3) in subsection (i), by striking ‘‘Within 6 months after the date of enactment of the Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act of 2010, the Secretary shall issue’’ and insert ‘‘The Secretary shall maintain’’. (b) CRIME SCENE PRESERVATION TRAINING FOR  PASSENGER VESSEL CREWMEMBERS .—Section 3508 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘Within 1 year after the date of enactment of the Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act of 2010, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’, and by striking ‘‘develop’’ and inserting ‘‘maintain’’; (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘Beginning 2 years after the standards are established under subsection (b), no’’ and inserting ‘‘No’’; (3) by striking subsection (d) and redesignating subsections (e) and (f) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; and (4) in subsection (e), as redesignated by paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘subsection (e)’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (d)’’. 
(a) T ANKVESSEL CONSTRUCTION STANDARDS .— Section 3703a of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (3) and redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), and (6) as paragraphs (3), (4), and (5), respectively; (2) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘that is delivered’’ and inserting ‘‘that was delivered’’; (B) by striking ‘‘that qualifies’’ and inserting ‘‘that qualified’’; and (C) by striking ‘‘after January 1, 2015,’’; (3) in subsection (c)(3)— (A) by striking ‘‘that is delivered’’ and inserting ‘‘that was delivered’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘that qualifies’’ and inserting ‘‘that qualified’’; (4) by striking subsection (c)(3)(A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) in the case of a vessel of at least 5,000 gross tons but less than 15,000 gross tons as measured under section 14502, or an alternate tonnage measured under section 14302 as prescribed by the Secretary under section 14104, if the vessel is 25 years old or older and has a single hull, or is 30 years old or older and has a double bottom or double sides;’’; (5) by striking subsection (c)(3)(B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) in the case of a vessel of at least 15,000 gross tons but less than 30,000 gross tons as measured under section 14502, or an alternate tonnage measured under section 14302 as prescribed by the Secretary under section 14104, if the vessel is 25 years old or older and has a single hull, or is 30 years old or older and has a double bottom or double sides; and’’; (6) by striking subsection (c)(3)(C) and inserting the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of a vessel of at least 30,000 gross tons as measured under section 14502, or an alternate tonnage measured under section 14302 as prescribed by the Secretary under section 14104, if the vessel is 23 years old or older and has a single hull, or is 28 years old or older and has a double bottom or double sides.’’; and (7) in subsection (e)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and except as otherwise provided in paragraphs (2) and (3) of this subsection’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (2). (b) CRUDE OILTANKER MINIMUM STAND ARDS.—Section 3705 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking paragraph (2); (B) by striking ‘‘(1)’’; and (C) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as paragraphs (1) and (2), respectively; and (2) in subsection (c), by striking ‘‘before January 2, 1986, or the date on which the tanker reaches 15 years of age, whichever is later’’. (c) PRODUCT CARRIER MINIMUM STANDARDS .— Section 3706(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘before January 2, 1986, or the date on which it reaches 15 years of age, whichever is later’’. (d) DEFINITION .—Section 1001(32)(A) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701(32)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘(other than a vessel described in section 3703a(b)(3) of title 46, United States Code)’’. 
(a) D ANGEROUS DRUGS AS GROUNDS FOR DENIAL.—Section 7503 of title 46, United States Code, is amended to read as follows: ‘‘§ 7503. Dangerous drugs as grounds for denial ‘‘A license, certificate of registry, or merchant mariner’s document authorized to be issued under this part may be denied to an individual who— ‘‘(1) within 10 years before applying for the license, certificate, or document, has been convicted of violating a dangerous drug law of the United States or of a State; or ‘‘(2) when applying, has ever been a user of, or addicted to, a dangerous drug unless the individual provides satisfactory proof that the individual is cured.’’. (b) DANGEROUS DRUGS AS GROUNDS FOR REVOCATION .—Section 7704 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (a) and (b), respectively. 
(a) Section 2110 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking subsection (k). (b) Section 2116(c) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘Beginning with fiscal year 2011 and each fiscal year thereafter, the’’ and inserting ‘‘The’’. (c) Section 3302(g)(2) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘After December 31, 1988, this’’ and inserting ‘‘This’’. (d) Section 6101(j) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘, as soon as possible, and no later than January 1, 2005,’’. (e) Section 7505 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 206(b)(7) of the National Driver Register Act of 1982 (23 U.S.C. 401 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 30305(b)(7) of title 49’’. (f) Section 7702(c)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘section 206(b)(4) of the National Driver Register Act of 1982 (23 U.S.C. 401 note)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 30305(b)(7) of title 49’’. (g) Section 8106(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (3) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) CONTINUING VIOLATIONS .—The maximum amount of a civil penalty for a violation under this subsection shall be $100,000.’’. (h) Section 8703 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by redesignating subsection (c) as subsection (b). (i) Section 11113 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(4)(A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (3)’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(2)(B)— (A) by striking ‘‘section 2(9)(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 2(a)(9)(A)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘33 U.S.C. 1901(9)(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘33 U.S.C. 1901(a)(9)(A)’’. (j) Section 12113(d)(2)(C)(iii) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘118 Stat. 2887)’’ and inserting ‘‘118 Stat. 2887))’’. (k) Section 13107(c)(2) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘On and after October 1, 2016, no’’ and inserting ‘‘No’’. (l) Section 31322(a)(4)(B) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘state’’ and inserting ‘‘State’’. (m) Section 52101(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(50 App. U.S.C. 459(a))’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 3808(a))’’. (n) The analysis for chapter 531 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 53109: (o) Section 53106(a)(1) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking subparagraphs (A), (B), (C), and (D), and by redesignating subparagraphs (E), (F), and (G) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respectively. (p) Section 53111 of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraphs (1) through (4), and by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (1), (2), and (3), respectively. (q) Section 53501 of title 46, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (5)(A)(iii), by striking ‘‘transportation trade trade or’’ and inserting ‘‘transportation trade or’’; (2) by redesignating paragraph (8) as paragraph (9); (3) by striking the second paragraph (7) (relating to the definition of ‘‘United States foreign trade’’); and (4) by inserting after the first paragraph (7) the following: ‘‘(8) UNITED STATES FOREIGN TRADE .—The term ‘United States foreign trade’ includes those areas in domestic trade in which a vessel built with a constructiondifferential subsidy is allowed to operate under the first sentence of section 506 of the Merchant Marine Act, 1936.’’. (r) Section 54101(f) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR PAYMENT OR  
REIMBURSEMENT .—Each application submitted under paragraph (1) shall include a comprehensive description of— ‘‘(A) the need for the project; ‘‘(B) the methodology for implementing the project; and ‘‘(C) any existing programs or arrangements that can be used to supplement or leverage assistance under the program.’’. (s) Section 55305(d)(2)(D) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘421(c)(1)’’ and inserting ‘‘1303(a)(1))’’. (t) The analysis for chapter 575 of title 46, United States Code, is amended in the item relating to section 57533 by adding a period at the end. (u) Section 57532(d) of title 46, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘(50 App. U.S.C. 1291(a), (c), 1293(c), 1294)’’ and inserting ‘‘(50 U.S.C. 4701(a), (c), 4703(c), and 4704)’’. (v) Section 60303(c) of title 46, United States Code, is amended in by striking ‘‘Subsection (a) section does’’ and inserting ‘‘Subsection (a) does’’. 
SEC. 3547. MISCELLANEOUS CORRECTIONS TO OIL POLLUTION ACT OF 1990. 
(a) Section 2 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701 note) is amended by— (1) inserting after the item relating to section 5007 the following: ‘‘Sec. 5008. North Pacific Marine Research Institute.’’. (2) striking the item relating to section 6003. (b) Section 1003(d)(5) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2703(d)(5)) is amended by inserting ‘‘section’’ before ‘‘1002(a)’’. (c) Section 1004(d)(2)(C) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2704(d)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘under this subparagraph (A)’’ and inserting ‘‘under subparagraph (A)’’. (d) Section 4303 of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2716a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘subsection (c)(2)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (b)(2)’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘this section 1016’’ and inserting ‘‘section 1016’’. (e) Section 5002(l)(2) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2732(l)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘General Accounting Office’’ and inserting ‘‘Government Accountability Office’’. 
(a) Section 1 of the Act of June 15, 1917 (chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 191), is amended by striking ‘‘the Secretary of the Treasury’’ and inserting ‘‘the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating’’. (b) Section 5(b) of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to regulate the construction of bridges over navigable waters’’, approved March 23, 1906, popularly known as the Bridge Act of 1906 (chapter 1130; 33 U.S.C. 495(b)), is amended by striking ‘‘$5,000 for a violation occurring in 2004; $10,000 for a violation occurring in 2005; $15,000 for a violation occurring in 2006; $20,000 for a violation occurring in 2007; and’’. (c) Section 5(f) of the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1904(f)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(f) SHIPCLEARANCE ; REFUSAL OR REVOCA TION.—If a ship is under a detention order under this section, the Secretary may refuse or revoke the clearance required by section 60105 of title 46, United States Code.’’. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES SEC. 4001. AUTHORIZATION OF AMOUNTS IN FUNDING TABLES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Whenever a funding table in this division specifies a dollar amount authorized for a project, program, or activity, the obligation and expenditure of the specified dollar amount for the project, program, or activity is hereby authorized, subject to the availability of appropriations. (b) MERITBASED DECISIONS .—A decision to commit, obligate, or expend funds with or to a specific entity on the basis of a dollar amount authorized pursuant to subsection (a) shall— (1) be based on meritbased selection procedures in accordance with the requirements of sections 2304(k) and 2374 of title 10, United States Code, or on competitive procedures; and (2) comply with other applicable provisions of law. (c) RELATIONSHIP TO TRANSFER AND PROGRAM MING AUTHORITY .—An amount specified in the funding tables in this division may be transferred or reprogrammed under a transfer or reprogramming authority provided by another provision of this Act or by other law. The transfer or reprogramming of an amount specified in such funding tables shall not count against a ceiling on such transfers or reprogrammings under section 1001 or section 1522 of this Act or any other provision of law, unless such transfer or reprogramming would move funds between appropriation accounts. (d) APPLICABILITY TO CLASSIFIED ANNEX .— This section applies to any classified annex that accompanies this Act. (e) ORALWRITTEN COMMUNICATIONS .—No oral or written communication concerning any amount specified in the funding tables in this division shall supersede the requirements of this section. TITLE XLI—PROCUREMENT Sec. 4101. Procurement. Sec. 4102. Procurement for overseas contingency operations. 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT. SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
TITLE XLII—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION Sec. 4201. Research, development, test, and evaluation. Sec. 4202. Research, development, test, and evaluation for overseas contingency operations. 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION. SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
TITLE XLIII—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE Sec. 4301. Operation and maintenance. Sec. 4302. Operation and maintenance for overseas contingency operations. 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE. SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
TITLE XLIV—MILITARY PERSONNEL Sec. 4401. Military personnel. Sec. 4402. Military personnel for overseas contingency operations. 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL. SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4402. MILITARY PERSONNEL FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
TITLE XLV—OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS Sec. 4501. Other authorizations. Sec. 4502. Other authorizations for overseas contingency operations. 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS. SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program Title FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program Title FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4502. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program Title FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
TITLE XLVI—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION Sec. 4601. Military construction. Sec. 4602. Military construction for overseas contingency operations. 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION. SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/Country and Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Service State/Country and Installation Project FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Service State/Country and Installation Project FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
TITLE XLVII—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS Sec. 4701. Department of Energy national security programs. 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS. SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request Conference Authorized 
From the Committee on Armed Services, for consideration of the House bill and the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: MACTHORNBERRY , JOEWILSON of South Carolina, FRANK A. L OBIONDO , ROBBISHOP of Utah, MICHAEL R. T URNER , MIKEROGERS of Alabama, BILLSHUSTER , K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , DOUGLAMBORN , ROBERT J. W ITTMAN , MIKECOFFMAN , VICKY HARTZLER , AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, PAULCOOK, BRADLEY BYRNE , ELISE M. S TEFANIK , DONBACON , JIMBANKS of Indiana, ADAMSMITH of Washington, SUSAN A. D AVIS of California, JAMES R. L ANGEVIN , JIMCOOPER , MADELEINE Z. B ORDALLO , JOECOURTNEY , NIKITSONGAS , JOHNGARAMENDI , MARCA. V EASEY , TULSI GABBARD , BETOO’ROURKE , STEPHANIE N. M URPHY of 
Florida, As additional conferees from the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, for consideration of matters within the jurisdiction of that committee under clause 11 of rule X: DEVIN NUNES , CHRIS STEWART , As additional conferees from the Committee on the Budget, for consideration of secs. 1252 and 1523 of the House bill, and secs. 4, 1002, 1032, and 1721 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: STEVE WOMACK , As additional conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consideration of secs. 228, 563, 564, 1094, and 3120C of the House bill, and secs. 561–63 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: VIRGINIA FOXX, ROBERT C. ‘‘B OBBY ’’ SCOTT of Virginia, From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of title XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: ROBERT E. L ATTA , BILLJOHNSON of Ohio, As additional conferees from the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of secs. 701, 712, 1083, 1096, 3111–13, 3118, 3119, 3132, and 4305 of the House bill, and secs. 315, 601, 714, 3111–15, 5802, and 7509 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: GREGWALDEN , RICHARD HUDSON , As additional conferees from the Committee on Financial Services, for consideration of 1299O–2 and 1236 of the House bill, and title XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: JEBHENSARLING , ANDYBARR, MAXINE WATERS of California, From the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for consideration of title XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: ADAMKINZINGER , As additional conferees from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for consideration of secs. 346, 1042, 1202–06, 1210, 1211, 1221–23, 1230A, 1230D, 1230F, 1231, 1234, 1236, 1237, 1239, 1240, 1254–56, 1264, 1267, 1268, 1271, 1274, 1276, 1278, 1280, 1282, 1288, 1299O–1, 1299O–2, 1299O–3, 1299O–4, 1301, 1302, 1521, 1522, and 3116 of the House bill, and secs. 331, 1061, 1063, 1201–04, 1207, 1211, 1213, 1221–23, 1231–33, 1241, 1244, 1245, 1261, 1262, 1264–66, 1269, 1301, 1302, 1531, 1622, 1623, 1654, 3113, 3116, 6002, 6202–04, 6701, and 6702 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: BRIAN J. M AST, As additional conferees from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for consideration of secs. 346, 1042, 1202–06, 1210, 1211, 1221–23, 1230A, 1230D, 1230F, 1231, 1234, 1236, 1237, 1239, 1240, 1254–56, 1264, 1267, 1268, 1271, 1274, 1276, 1278, 1280, 1282, 1288, 1299O–1, 1299O–2, 1299O–3, 1299O–4, 1301, 1302, 1521, 1522, and 3116 of the House bill, and secs. 331, 1061, 1063, 1201–04, 1207, 1211, 1213, 1221–23, 1231–33, 1241, 1244, 1245, 1261, 1262, 1264–66, 1269, 1301, 1302, 1531, 1622, 1623, 1654, 3113, 3116, 6002, 6202–04, 6701, 6702, and title XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: EDWARD R. R OYCE of California, As additional conferees from the Committee on Homeland Security, for consideration of sec. 1634 of the House bill, and modifications committed to conference: MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, JOHNRATCLIFFE , BENNIE G. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, As additional conferees from the Committee on the Judiciary, for consideration of secs. 826, 1043, 1050B, 1073, 1074, 1079, 1085, 1087, 1090, 1299O–2, 4319, and 4710 of the House bill, and secs. 1025, 1035 and 1715 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: BOBGOODLATTE , F. JAMES SENSENBRENNER , Jr., As additional conferees from the Committee on Natural Resources, for consideration of secs. 313, 314, 316, 342, 1043, 1076, 1079, 2822, 2830, 2830A, 2831, 2832, 2845–47, 3402, 3549, 4810, 4837, division E, and sec. 6101 of the House bill, and secs. 601, 2833, 2836, and 7518 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: BRUCE WESTERMAN , As additional conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for consideration of secs. 506, 511, 569, 822, 831, 832, 834, 835, 860, 875, 880–84, 886, 917, 1101–11, 4711, and 4829 of the House bill, and secs. 568, 595, 607, 632, 702, 813, 902, 937, 1101–05, 1122–25, 1254B, 1628, 1639, 1640, 1716, 1726, 2835, and 6702 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: MARKSANFORD , DENNIS A. R OSS, As additional conferees from the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for consideration of secs. 854, 858, and 1603 of the House bill, and secs. 893 and 1604 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: LAMAR SMITH of Texas, FRANK D. L UCAS , EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, As additional conferees from the Committee on Small Business, for consideration of secs. 811, 851–58, 861, 863–68, and 2803 of the House bill, and secs. 893, 1626, and 6006 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: STEVE CHABOT , STEPHEN KNIGHT , As additional conferees from the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for consideration of secs. 518, 554, 883, 1044, 1049, 1050B, 1075, 1095, 1111, 2848, 3501, 3504, 3522–25, 3528, 3529, and division D of the House bill, and secs. 153, 556, 601, 1604, 3501, 3502, 7501, 7502, 7507–09, 7515, and 7517 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: BARBARA COMSTOCK , JULIA BROWNLEY of California, As additional conferees from the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for consideration of secs. 547, 552, 582, 1411, and 2844 of the House bill, and secs. 721, 726, and 1431 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: DAVID P. R OEof Tennessee, BRUCE POLIQUIN , As additional conferees from the Committee on Ways and Means, for consideration of sec. 701 of the House bill, and sec. 6201 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: DAVID G. R EICHERT , PETER J. R OSKAM , RICHARD E. N EAL, For consideration of secs. 313, 314, 316, 342, 1043, 1076, 1079, 1252, 1523, 2822, 2830, 2830A, 2831, 2832, 2845–47, 3402, 3549, 4810, 4837, division E, and sec. 6101 of the House bill and secs. 4, 601, 1002, 1032, 1721, 2833, 2836, and 7518 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: JACKBERGMAN , For consideration of secs. 228, 518, 554, 563, 564, 883, 1044, 1049, 1050B, 1075, 1094, 1095, 1111, 2848, 3120C, 3501, 3504, 3522–25, 3528, 3529, and division D of the House bill and secs. 153, 556, 561–63, 601, 1604, 3501, 3502, 7501, 7502, 7507–09, 7515, and 7517 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: JASON LEWIS of Minnesota, Managers on the Part of the House. JOHNMCCAIN, JAMES M. I NHOFE , ROGER F. W ICKER , DEBFISCHER , TOMCOTTON , MIKEROUNDS , JONIERNST , THOMTILLIS , DANSULLIVAN , DAVID PERDUE , TEDCRUZ, LINDSEY GRAHAM , BENSASSE, TIMSCOTT, MIKECRAPO , JACKREED, BILLNELSON , CLAIRE MCCASKILL , JEANNE SHAHEEN , RICHARD BLUMENTHAL , JOEDONNELLY , MAZIE K. H IRONO , TIMKAINE, ANGUS S. K ING, Jr., MARTIN HEINRICH , GARYC. P ETERS , SHERROD BROWN , Managers on the Part of the Senate. JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT OF THE COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE The managers on the part of the House and the Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 5515), to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes, submit the following joint statement to the House and the Senate in explanation of the effect of the action agreed upon by the managers and recommended in the accompanying conference report: The Senate amendment struck all of the House bill after the enacting clause and inserted a substitute text. The House recedes from its disagreement to the amendment of the Senate with an amendment that is a substitute for the House bill and the Senate amendment. The differences between the House bill, the Senate amendment, and the substitute agreed to in conference are noted below, except for clerical corrections, conforming changes made necessary by agreements reached by the conferees, and minor drafting and clarifying changes. Compliance with rules of the House of Representatives and Senate regarding earmarks and congressionally directed spending items Pursuant to clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives and Rule XLIV(3) of the Standing Rules of the Senate, neither this conference report nor the accompanying joint statement of managers contains any congressional earmarks, congressionally directed spending items, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits, as defined in such rules. Summary of discretionary authorizations and budget authority implication The budget request for national defense discretionary programs within the jurisdiction of the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives for fiscal year 2019 was $708.1 billion. Of this amount, $617.1 billion was requested for base Department of Defense programs, $69.0 billion was requested for overseas contingency 
operations, $21.8 billion was requested for national security programs in the Department of Energy and the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, and $214.0 million for defense related activities. The conference agreement would authorize $708.1 billion in fiscal year 2019, including $616.9 billion for base Department of Defense programs, $69.0 billion for overseas contingency operations, $21.9 billion for national security programs in the Department of Energy and the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board, and $300.0 million for defenserelated activities. The two tables preceding the detailed program adjustments in Division D of the accompanying joint statement of managers summarize the discretionary authorizations in the agreement and the equivalent budget authority levels for fiscal year 2019 defense programs. Budgetary effects of this Act (sec. 4) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 4) that would require that the budgetary effects of this Act be determined in accordance with the procedures established in the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010 (title I of Public Law 111–139). The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE I—P ROCUREMENT  
BUDGET ITEMS  Columbiaclass submarine advance procurement The budget request included $3.0 billion in line item 1 of Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy for Columbiaclass submarine advance procurement. The House bill would authorize an increase of $82.7 million above the request. The Senate amendment would authorize the funding level in the request. The agreement authorizes an increase of $237.0 million above the request. The conferees’ intent in authorizing additional funds for submarine industrial base expansion is to ensure second and thirdtier contractors are able to meet increased production requirements. The conferees direct the Secretary of the Navy to notify the congressional defense committees within 30 days of obligating funds provided for submarine industrial base expansion of the: obligation date, contractor name or names, location, description of the shortfall to be addressed, actions to be undertaken, desired end state, usable end items to be procured, period of performance, dollar amount, projected associated savings including business case analysis if applicable, contract name, and contract number. The conferees believe that expanding the capabilities of the second and thirdtier contractors in the submarine industrial base should lead to greater cost savings and improved efficiency as production increases to meet the Columbiaclass schedule and higher requirement for Virginiaclass attack submarines in the Navy’s latest Force Structure Assessment. Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Authorization of appropriations (sec. 101) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 101) that would authorize appropriations for procurement at the levels identified in section 4101 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 101). The House recedes. Subtitle B—Army Programs National Guard and reserve component equipment report (sec. 111) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 111) that would require a joint assessment by the Army and National Guard on efforts to achieve parity among the active component, the Army Reserve, and the Army National Guard with respect to equipment and capabilities. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Deployment by the Army of an interim cruise missile defense capability (sec. 112) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 111) that would direct the Army to procure an alternate shortterm option to fill its cruise missile defense gap with existing systems and accelerate the Indirect Fire Protection Capability (IFPC) system independently of Integrated Air and Missile Defense Battle Command System (IBCS) deployment, leveraging entities such as the Defense Digital Service or the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental, and to report the determination of that shortterm option to the congressional defense committees no later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense to certify the need for the Army to fill the gap in cruise missile defense prior to deployment of such a capability, subject to appropriations. Further, the amendment would urge the Army to consider a range of directed energy solutions for the deployment of the 2023 interim capability deployment date and remove the requirement for locations of deployment for such a capability. The conferees are deeply concerned about the paucity of landbased cruise missile defense capabilities and the Army’s corresponding inability to adequately protect the joint force’s fixed site systems, such as airfields and logistical depots. Integrated air and missile defense is critical for joint operations, but assets are not currently ready to counter an adversary’s potential complex, integrated attack, thus leaving critical assets vulnerable. As outlined by the National Defense Strategy, cruise missile defense is a critical capability to defend against Russian and Chinese threats. Without this capability, the committee is concerned the U.S. Army will fail to successfully perform its mission to protect the joint force. For these reasons, the conferees strongly urge the Army to consider deployment of the interim capability be prioritized in locations for deployment of air bases and significant fixed site locations in Europe and Asia for the purpose of the protection of such bases and locations against potential cruise missile threats. The conferees further recommend that the Army consider force structure requirements for the interim capability and plan accordingly in order to ensure full support of such a system once deployed. Subtitle C—Navy Programs Procurement authority for Fordclass aircraft carrier program (sec. 121) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 122) that would authorize the construction of one Fordclass aircraft carrier designated CVN–81. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require a certification prior to awarding a contract authorized by this provision. The conferees note that the Department of Defense has been able to achieve program efficiencies and cost savings by using multiyear and block buy contracting with many weapons programs, to include shipbuilding. If the Department of the Navy intends to pursue a twoship procurement of CVN–80 and CVN–81 outside the title 10, United States Code, parameters for a multiyear contract, the conferees expect that entering into such contract would be based on rigorous analysis with a sound business case and substantial savings. Earlier this year, the Navy issued a request for proposal soliciting information on a potential contract to acquire two Ford class aircraft carriers (CVN–80 and CVN–81). The conferees are disappointed that no related information was provided to the congressional defense committees to enable fulsome consideration of the associated required legislative authorities during the development of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. Nonetheless, the conferees believe a two ship procurement of CVN–80 and CVN–81 could result in significant cost savings. Accordingly, this provision would provide the necessary authorities for implementing such an approach, if the Secretary of Defense certifies supporting analysis prepared and provided by the milestone decision authority for the carrier replacement program, which is the Department of the Navy Service Acquisition Executive. It is the conferees’ intent that the Secretary of Defense review such analysis and, if the Secretary deems it appropriate, make the certification without performing any separate cost assessments or analyses. The conferees view such a process as consistent with ongoing efforts to reduce the time associated with acquisition decisions, push acquisition authorities and accountability to the Services, and ensure that the Secretary of Defense retains visibility and ultimate authority over acquisition matters in the Department. Full ship shock trial for Fordclass aircraft carrier (sec. 122) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 123) that would ensure that full ship shock trials results are incorporated in the construction of the Fordclass aircraft carrier designated CVN–81. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Sense of Congress on accelerated production of aircraft carriers (sec. 123) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 121) that would express the sense of Congress as to aircraft carrier force structure. Additionally, this section would modify section 5062 of title 10, United States Code, by increasing the required aircraft carrier force structure from 11 to 12 operational aircraft carriers by September 30, 2022. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would express the sense of Congress on accelerated production of aircraft carriers. Multiyear procurement authority for standard missile–6 (sec. 124) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 125) that would authorize the Secretary of 
the Navy to enter into one or more multiyear contracts for 625 Standard Missile–6 missiles beginning in fiscal year 2019, in accordance with section 2306b of title 10, United States Code. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 125) that would authorize the Secretary of the Navy to enter into multiyear contracts beginning in fiscal year 2019 for the procurement of 625 Standard Missile–6 guided missiles pending the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation confirmation of the Secretary of the Navy’s preliminary findings as required in subsection a of section 2306b of title 10, United States Code. 
The Senate recedes with a technical amendment. Multiyear procurement authority for E–2D aircraft (sec. 125) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 126) that would authorize multiyear procurement for E–2D aircraft. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 122). The Senate recedes. Multiyear procurement authority for F/A–18E/F aircraft and EA–18G aircraft (sec. 126) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 127) that would authorize multiyear procurement for F/A–18E/F and EA–18G aircraft. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 121). The Senate recedes. Modifications to F/A–18 aircraft to mitigate physiological episodes (sec. 127) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 128) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to modify F/A–18 aircraft to reduce the occurrence of, and mitigate the risk posed by, physiological episodes affecting F/A–18 crewmembers. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would eliminate the requirement for the installation of an automatic ground collision avoidance system. The conferees expect EA–18G aircraft to also receive the modifications required in this provision. Frigate class ship program (sec. 128) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 129) that would require, as part of the solicitation for proposals for the procurement of any frigate class ship, that the Secretary of the Navy require offerors to submit proposals that provide for conveying technical data to the government. Additionally, this provision would require the Secretary of the Navy to ensure that the government’s technical data rights are sufficient to allow for specified followon activities. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would remove the requirement for the Secretary of the Navy to ensure that the government’s technical data rights are sufficient to allow for specified followon activities and clarify the conditions under which technical data shall be provided to the government. The conferees’ intent is to obtain sufficient technical data to ensure the Navy has the option to compete the winning frigate design in the future for production by at least one additional shipbuilder, if the Navy’s inventory objective for FFG(X)class ships merits such expansion. The conferees note that the benefits of two shipbuilders building the same ship design have been demonstrated in both the DDG–51 and CG–47 classes. The conferees do not intend for the winning frigate offeror to provide technical data beyond what is needed for a singledesign, multiple shipbuilder frigate acquisition strategy or otherwise authorized by law. Contract requirement for Virginia class submarine program (sec. 129) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 130) that would modify section 124 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) to prohibit the Secretary of the Navy from entering into economic order quantity contracts for the Virginiaclass submarine program until the Secretary certifies that such funding shall be used to enter into economic order quantities for 12 Virginiaclass submarines. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of the Navy to ensure that an option to procure one additional Virginiaclass submarine in each of fiscal years 2022 and 2023 is included in the associated multiyear procurement contract award planned for fiscal year 2019. Prohibition on availability of funds for Navy port waterborne security barriers (sec. 130) The Senate contained a provision (sec. 124) that would prohibit funds from being used to procure new Navy port waterborne security barriers unless the Secretary of the Navy submits a waiver to the congressional defense committees. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would apply the prohibition of funds to legacy barriers; exempt the sustainment, refurbishment, and replacement of portions of existing waterborne security barriers; and exempt the procurement of new barriers due to exigent circumstances. Extension of limitation on use of solesource shipbuilding contracts for certain vessels (sec. 131) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 123) that would extend to include fiscal year 2019 in the prohibition on funds from being used to enter into, or prepare to enter into, sole source contracts for one or more Joint High Speed Vessels or Expeditionary Fast Transports, unless the Secretary of the Navy submits to the congressional defense committees a certification and a report. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Limitation on availability of funds for M27 Infantry Automatic Rifle program (sec. 132) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 112) that would prohibit the obligation and expenditure of not more than 80 percent of the funds for the Marine Corps M27 Infantry Automatic Rifle program until a report is submitted to the congressional defense committees on the service’s assessment of the Army’s Small Arms Ammunition Configuration study and the service’s near and long term small arms modernization strategy. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Report on degaussing standards for DDG–51 destroyers (sec. 133) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 131) that would limit expenditures of Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy, for DDG–51 destroyers until the Secretary of the Navy submits a report as to incorporating degaussing standards into the destroyer program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require a report on degaussing standards for Arleigh Burkeclass destroyers. Subtitle D—Air Force Programs Inventory requirement for air refueling tanker aircraft; limitation on retirement of KC–10A aircraft (sec. 141) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 141) that would require the Department of the Air Force to maintain a total primary assigned aircraft inventory of air refueling tanker aircraft of not less than 479. The provision would also place limitations on the retirement of KC–10A aircraft. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would change the inventory requirement to 479 total aircraft. Multiyear procurement authority for C–130J aircraft program (sec. 142) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 145) that would provide multiyear procurement authority for C–130J aircraft. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 151). The House recedes. Contract for logistics support for VC–25B aircraft (sec. 143) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
144) that would ensure any contract for logistics support for the VC–25B aircraft adheres to United States Code and the Federal Acquisition Regulation. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Retirement date for VC–25A aircraft (sec. 144) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 143) that would set the retirement date of the VC–25A aircraft at not later than December 31, 2025. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Repeal of funding restriction for EC–130H Compass Call Recapitalization Program (sec. 145) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 143) that would repeal Section 131 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 2037) and require the Secretary of the Air Force to provide to the congressional defense committees periodic reports on the EC– 130H Compass Call Recapitalization program and opportunities to accelerate the program. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would eliminate the required reports. The conferees expect to be regularly updated on the status and progress of the Compass Call Recapitalization program. The conferees expect such updates to include, at a minimum: 1) a program status update; 2) a description of potential opportunities to accelerate the program and their associated funding requirements; and 3) a current assessment of the aircraft’s operational effectiveness. Limitation on use of funds for KC–46A aircraft pending submittal of certification (sec. 146) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 142) that would limit the funds available for three KC–46A aircraft. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Limitation on availability of funds for retirement of E–8 JSTARS Aircraft (sec. 147) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 214) that would restrict the obligation of funding for the Advanced Battle Management System (ABMS) of systems initiative of the Air Force, as well as a portion of the proposed divestment of legacy E–8C Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System (JSTARS) aircraft contained in the fiscal year 2019 budget request. The restriction would remain in effect until the Secretary of the Air Force certifies that the JSTARS Recapitalization (Recap) program is proceeding as previously planned. The provision would also require the Comptroller General of the United States and the Secretary of the Air Force to provide reports to the congressional defense committees on ABMS, JSTARS Recap, and the legacy JSTARS fleet. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 141) that would prohibit the availability of funds to retire, or prepare to retire, any E–8 JSTARS aircraft. The House recedes with an amendment that would limit retirement of legacy E–8C 
until Increment 2 of the Advanced Battle Management System of the Air Force declares Initial Operational Capability. The amendment would also require the Secretary of Defense to certify that the Secretary of the Air Force is: taking all reasonable steps to ensure the legacy E–8C continues to meet all safety of flight requirements and that the Air Force is taking steps to increase the legacy JSTARS fleet’s aircraft availability and capacity provided to combatant commanders. The amendment would also require reports be submitted to the congressional defense committees by the Secretary of the Air Force on the legacy E–8C fleet and by the Comptroller General of the United States on ABMS. Finally, the conferees direct the Director, Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation, Office of the Secretary of Defense, to provide the congressional defense committees a report no later than February 5, 2019, on a cost, schedule, and implementation plan for restarting the dormant legacy E–8C re engining program that the Air Force originally initiated in 2007. The conferees understand the Secretary of the Air Force procured three shipsets of engines, after investing $450.0 million, and the engines remain unused. The conferees note that the legacy E–8C engines are the number one issue driving excessive nonmission capable maintenance metrics for the E–8C fleet. Report on modernization of B–52H aircraft systems (sec. 148) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 142) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to submit a report on the longterm modernization of the B–52H aircraft. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that the Air Force submitted a report on B–52 modernization in February 2018. However, that report did not include elements that the conferees believe to be important considerations, particularly in light of the Air Force’s decision to continue operating the B–52 for the longterm. Such considerations include secure, jamresistant communications, future weapons and targeting capabilities, and mission planning systems. Subtitle E—DefenseWide, Joint, and Multiservice Matters Procurement authority for additional icebreaker vessels (sec. 151) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 153) that would amend section 122 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) by striking subsections (a) and (b), as well as providing authority to enter into a contract or contracts for up to six polarclass icebreakers. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would provide the secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating the authority to enter into a contract or contracts for the procurement of up to five additional polarclass icebreakers and express the sense of Congress regarding polarclass icebreakers. The conferees note that section 207 of the Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–120) provided authority for the Commandant of the Coast Guard to enter into a contract or contracts for the acquisition of polar icebreakers and associated equipment using incremental funding. The conferees further note the Fiscal Years 2019 through 2023 Future Years Homeland Security Program includes $1.8 billion to fully fund 3 icebreakers. The conferees understand that additional Department of Defense funds are not required to procure icebreakers for the foreseeable future. The conferees support the Coast Guard’s stated goal of building six icebreakers and believe achieving this objective should be accomplished as expeditiously as possible. Buytobudget acquisition of F–35 aircraft (sec. 152) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 151) that would permit the Department of Defense to exercise buytobudget authority for the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Certification on inclusion of technology to minimize physiological episodes in certain aircraft (sec. 153) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 152) that would require the Secretary of the Navy and the Secretary of the Air Force, prior to entering into a contract for the procurement of a fighter, attack, or fixedwing training aircraft, to certify that the aircraft to be procured would include the most recent technological advancements necessary to minimize the impact of physiological episodes on aircraft crewmembers. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Armored commercial passengercarrying vehicles (sec. 154) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 153) that would require the implementation of recommendations made in the Government Accountability Office report, GAO–17– 513, titled, ‘‘Armored Commercial Vehicles: DOD Has Procurement Guidance, but Army Could Take Actions to Enhance Inspections and Oversight.’’ The provision would also require the Secretary of the Army to provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the progress of implementation efforts. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Quarterly updates on the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program (sec. 155) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 152) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment to provide quarterly briefings to the congressional defense committees on the status and progress of the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter program. The Senate amendment contained another provision (sec. 5103) that would add an element addressing F–35 sustainment to the quarterly briefings. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would bring forward the sunset of the provision from October 1, 2024 to October 1, 2022. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  Multiyear procurement authority for amphibious vessels The House bill contained a provision (sec. 124) that would authorize the Secretary of the Navy to enter into a multiyear procurement for up to five San Antonioclass am phibious transport dock ships with a Flight II configuration. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees urge the Secretary of the Navy to utilize a multiyear procurement strategy for San Antonioclass amphibious transport ships with a Flight II configuration in the President’s budget request for fiscal year 2020. Limitation on availability of funds for the Littoral Combat Ship The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 126) that would prohibit funds from being used to exceed the total procurement quantity listed in revision five of the Littoral Combat Ship acquisition strategy unless the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment submits to the congressional defense committees a certification. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Nuclear refueling of aircraft carriers The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 127) that would authorize the procurement of naval nuclear reactor power units and associated reactor components for the nuclear refueling of specified aircraft carriers. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Limitation on funding for Amphibious Assault Vehicle Product Improvement Program The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 128) that would limit 25 percent of funds authorized for Amphibious Assault Vehicle product improvement program from being obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense provided a required report on the highest priority roles and missions of the Armed Forces. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Removal of waiting period for limitation on availability of funds for EC–130H Compass Call recapitalization program The House bill contained a provision (sec. 146) that would remove the waiting period for the limitation on availability of funds for EC–130H Compass Call recapitalization that was put in place in section 135(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law–91). The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Findings and sense of Congress regarding KC–46 aerial refueling tankers The House bill contained a provision (sec. 147) that would express the sense of Congress on the KC–46A aircraft. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees support, once KC–46A aircraft deliveries begin, the acceptance of aircraft by the Air Force as quickly as practicable. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of the Air Force to provide a report to the congressional defense committees, not more than 90 days after the enactment of this Act, describing potential courses of action to enable the Air Force to accept KC–46A aircraft at a rate higher than the planned 3 aircraft per month. Sense of Congress on conversion of F–22 aircraft The House bill contained a provision (sec. 148) that would express the sense of Congress regarding the conversion of F–22 Block 20 aircraft. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees agree that, should future Air Force budgets be sufficient to permit, the Secretary of the Air Force should accelerate modernization of the F–22 Block 20 training and test aircraft as quickly as possible. 
ANDEVALUATION  Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Authorization of appropriations (sec. 201) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 201) that would authorize appropriations for research, development, test, and evaluation at the levels identified in section 4201 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 201). The House recedes. Subtitle B—Program Requirements, Restrictions, and Limitations Modification of authority to carry out certain prototype projects (sec. 211) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 211) that would make modifications to section 2371b of title 10, United States Code, regarding use of transactions other than contracts and grants for followon production. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 871) that would clarify the congressional notification requirements for the use of other transactions. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify that the followon production of a prototype or subproject within a consortium may occur as the Department of Defense determines that each individual prototype or subproject is complete and does not require that all projects associated with the consortium be complete before moving on to followon production. Extension of directed energy prototype authority (sec. 212) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 212) that would extend the directed energy prototype authority provided for in section 219(c)(4) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) through fiscal year 2019. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Prohibition on availability of funds for the Weather Common Component program (sec. 213) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 213) that would prohibit funding for the Weather Common Component program and require a report on Department of Defense meteorological sensors. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Limitation on availability of funds for F–35 continuous capability development and delivery (sec. 214) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 215) that would limit the availability of funds for the F–35 Continuous Capability Development and Delivery program until the Secretary of Defense provides a detailed cost estimate and baseline schedule for the program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Limitation on availability of funds pending report on agile software development and software operations (sec. 215) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 216) that would limit funds for the Air Force pending a report on how agile software development and software operations methods are being used to modernize Air and Space Operations Centers. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment modifying and adding certain elements to the report. The conferees note this program is a pathfinder for the Air Force and the Department of Defense with respect to realigning a major program to incorporate certain agile and incremental development methods, which the conferees support. As such the conferees are keenly interested in how the Department implements such methods, to ensure good principles of management and oversight are incorporated. In particular, given how frequently the program is delivering features, it is important to maintain transparency into costs and capability delivered to ensure that risks and overall return on investment are fully understood. Limitation on availability of funds for certain high energy laser advanced technology (sec. 216) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 217) that would limit the availability of 50 percent of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act, or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019, until the Secretary of Defense provides the High Energy Laser roadmap and assessment to the congressional defense committees. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would limit the scope of the deliverables to the roadmap. Plan for the Strategic Capabilities Office of the Department of Defense (sec. 217) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 218) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to submit a plan to the congressional defense committees by March 1, 2019, for the elimination or transfer of the functions of the Strategic Capabilities Office to another organization or element of the Department of Defense. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 908) that would restrict the ability of the Secretary of Defense to terminate or transfer the functions of the Strategic Capabilities Office until specific conditions are met and certified to the congressional defense committees. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would direct the Secretary of Defense to submit a plan to eliminate, transfer the functions of, or retain the Strategic Capabilities Office of the Department of Defense. National Defense Science and Technology Strategy (sec. 218) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 219) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to develop a National Security Science and Technology Strategy to prioritize Department of Defense science and technology efforts and investments. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would add further elements to the report. Modification of CVN–73 to support fielding of MQ–25 unmanned aerial vehicle (sec. 219) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 220) that would require the Navy to modify CVN–73 during its Refueling and Complex Overhaul (RCOH) to support the fielding of the MQ–25 unmanned aerial vehicle. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Navy to complete the necessary modifications to CVN–73’s compartments and infrastructure for MQ–25 alterations during the ship’s RCOH in order to allow completion of MQ–25 modifications and receipt of MQ–25 equipment in a single followon ship maintenance period. The conferees believe that once fielded, the Navy should prioritize deploying the MQ–25 to the Pacific area of operations. In order to enable such deployments, the conferees believe that it is imperative that CVN–73, as the potential next forward deployed aircraft carrier, undergo the necessary modifications and alterations during its RCOH to enable MQ–25 operations as soon as practicable. However, the conferees are aware that completing all of the necessary modifications during the RCOH might put its timely completion at risk. Therefore, the conferees direct the Navy to complete the necessary MQ–25 modifications during CVN–73’s RCOH that would enable the completion of modifications and receipt of equipment during a single followon maintenance availability. Nothing in this language should be interpreted as prohibiting the full installation of MQ–25 alterations and equipment during RCOH should developments allow it. Additionally, the conferees expect future Navy budgets will support this plan. Establishment of innovators information repository in the Department of Defense (sec. 220) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 220A) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to establish an innovators database within the Department of Defense. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would specify the involvement of the Defense Technical Information Center and use the term ‘‘information repository’’ in lieu of ‘‘database.’’ Strategic plan for Department of Defense test and evaluation resources (sec. 221) 
The House bill contained a provision (section 220B) that would amend the strategic plan for Department of Defense (DOD) test and evaluation resources. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would modify the reporting requirements within the strategic plan. The conferees note the importance of the test and evaluation enterprise. In keeping with the National Defense Strategy, the conferees direct the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering to coordinate with the appropriate officials to ensure that the strategic plan for DOD Test and Evaluation resources incorporates current and emerging threats. The strategic plan will help ensure that test and evaluation facilities and requirements are appropriately resourced. Collaboration between Defense laboratories, industry and academia; open campus program (sec. 222) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 220C) that would allow the Secretary of Defense to carry out activities to prioritize innovative collaboration between Department of Defense laboratories, industry, and academia. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would expand the scope of the provision to include all military departments. Permanent extension and codification of authority to conduct technology protection features activities during research and development of defense systems (sec. 223) The House bill contained a provision that would codify the authority to conduct technology protection features activities during research and development of defense systems. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would make the provision more directive. 
Codification and reauthorization of Defense Research and Development Rapid Innovation Program (sec. 224) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 211) that would codify the Rapid Innovation Program and would clarify elements of the program, including funding levels and policy surrounding broad agency announcements. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Procedures for rapid reaction to emerging technology (sec. 225) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 212) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to prescribe a procedure for the designation and development of urgently needed emerging technology research. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would add a briefing requirement. Activities on identification and development of enhanced personal protective equipment against blast injury (sec. 226) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 213) that would require joint activities to be conducted in fiscal years 2019 and 2020 by the Secretary of the Army and the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, in collaboration with academia, to determine the most effective personal equipment to protect against injuries caused by blasts in training and combat with $10.0 million authorized to be available to carry out joint activities. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify that the activities are to be conducted by the Secretary of the Army in collaboration with the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation during calendar year 2019 and that the Secretary of the Army should continue working with academia on such efforts. Human factors modeling and simulation activities (sec. 227) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 214) that would require the Army, through the Army Research Institute or the Army Futures Command as determined appropriate, to establish human factors modeling and simulation activities. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that changes the executing official to the Secretary of Defense through such organizations as the Secretary determines appropriate. Expansion of mission areas supported by mechanisms for expedited access to technical talent and expertise at academic institutions (sec. 228) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 215) that would expand the mission areas included in the authority granted in section 217 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) to space, infrastructure resilience, photonics, and autonomy. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Advanced manufacturing activities (sec. 229) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 327) that would require the Secretary of the Army to establish a Center of Excellence on Advanced and Additive Manufacturing at an arsenal and authorize use of publicprivate partnerships and other transactional activity to facilitate the development of advanced and additive manufacturing techniques in support of Army industrial facilities. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 216) that would direct the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment to jointly establish activities aimed at demonstrating advanced manufacturing techniques and capabilities in depotlevel activities or military arsenal facilities. The House recedes with an amendment that would establish one activity per military service and add a requirement to consider workforce development. The conferees note that the Under Secretaries may use grants, contracts, cooperative agreements, or other transactions, or establish publicprivate and publicpublic partnerships to facilitate development of advanced manufacturing techniques in support of the defense industrial base. National security innovation activities (sec. 230) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 217) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering to establish activities to develop interaction between the Department of Defense and the commercial technology industry and academia with the goal of encouraging private investment in specific hardware technologies of interest to future defense technology needs with unique national security applications with $150.0 million authorized to be available to carry out such activities. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify the elements of the activities, require a notification to the congressional defense committees before the execution of and obligation or expenditure of funds authorized by this provision, and adjust the funding level authorized to be available to $75.0 million. The conferees believe ‘‘hardwareintensive capabilities’’ may include capabilities such as microelectromechanical systems, processing components, micromachinery, and materials science. Partnership intermediaries for promotion of defense research and education (sec. 231) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 218) that would authorize Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratories to establish partnership intermediary agreements with notforprofit entities or state and local government organizations to enable research and technology development cooperation to promote innovation to support defense missions. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Limitation on use of funds for Surface Navy Laser Weapon System (sec. 232) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 219) that would limit funds to exceed a procurement quantity of one Surface Navy Laser Weapon System (SNLWS), also known as the High Energy Laser and Integrated Opticaldazzler with Surveillance, per fiscal year, unless the Secretary of the Navy submits a report to the congressional defense committees. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would limit funds to exceed a procurement quantity of one SNLWS to only fiscal year 2019, unless the Secretary of the Navy submits a report to the congressional defense committees. Expansion of coordination requirement for support for national security innovation and entrepreneurial education (sec. 233) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 220) that would expand the list of entities with whom the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, may coordinate and partner with in order to support national security innovation and entrepreneurial education. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would add the ‘‘ICorps’’ program. Defense quantum information science and technology research and development program (sec. 234) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 222) that would authorize a defense quantum information science and technology research and development program aimed at ensuring that the U.S. military is able to most effectively leverage the technological capabilities enable by quantum science and technology to meet future military missions. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would revise the technical goals of the program and amend the reporting requirement. Joint directed energy test activities (sec. 235) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 223) that would direct the coordination and enhancement of directed energy test activities. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with technical amendments. Requirement for establishment of arrangements for expedited access to technical talent and expertise at academic institutions to support Department of Defense missions (sec. 236) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 224) that would require the establishment of arrangements for expedited access to talent and expertise at academic institutions to support Department of Defense missions. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would limit the directive requirement to apply to only three arrangements, executed through the military departments. Authority for Joint Directed Energy Transition Office to conduct research relating to high powered microwave capabilities (sec. 237) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 225) that would expand the purview of the Joint Directed Energy Transition Office to include research relating to high powered microwave capabilities. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Joint artificial intelligence research, development and transition activities (sec. 238) The Senate amendment contained provisions (sec. 226 and sec. 5201) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering to focus and coordinate Department of Defense efforts on artificial intelligence and to include research on humanmachine teaming. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would add guidance on artificial intelligence governance and oversight, include a definition of artificial intelligence, and amend the reporting and timelines within the provision. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Report on survivability of air defense artillery (sec. 241) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 221) that would require the Secretary of the 
Army to submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives by March 1, 2019, on efforts to improve Army Air Defense Artillery (ADA) survivability and require the Army to assess measures that could better enhance ADA defenses, both active and passive. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. T–45 aircraft physiological episode mitigation actions (sec. 242) House bill contained a provision (sec. 222) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on modifications made to T– 45 aircraft and associated ground equipment to mitigate the risk of physiological episodes among T–45 crewmembers. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would eliminate the requirement for a report and instead add its elements to the quarterly updates from the Navy Physiological Episode Action Team mandated by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). Report on efforts of the Air Force to mitigate physiological episodes affecting aircraft crewmembers (sec. 243) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 223) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to submit a report on the Air Force’s efforts to mitigate physiological episodes. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Report on Defense Innovation Unit Experimental (sec. 244) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 225) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering to submit a report to the congressional defense committees by May 1, 2019, on the integration of Defense Innovation Unit Experimental into the broader Department of Defense research and engineering community, the unit’s measures of effectiveness, the number and type of transitions, and the impacts of the unit’s initiatives and investments on the Department. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would modify the reporting requirement. Modification of funding criteria under Historically Black Colleges and Universities and minority institutions program (sec. 245) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 228) that would modify section 2362(d) of title 10, United States Code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees believe that this modification to existing statute will ensure that resources meant for Historically Black Colleges and Universities and minority institutions will be used in such fashion, instead of going to universities with lower proportions of these students. Report on OA–X light attack aircraft applicability to partner nation support (sec. 246) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 229) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to submit a report on the Air Force’s light attack experiment and how it incorporates partner nation requirements. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Reports on comparative capabilities of adversaries in key technology areas (sec. 247) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 231) that would direct the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency, in coordination with relevant partners, to complete a report that directly compares United States capabilities in nearterm emerging technology (e.g., hypersonic weapons, directed energy) and longerterm emerging technology (e.g., artificial intelligence, quantum information sciences) with that of U.S. adversaries. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would amend the reporting timeline and change the single report into multiple reports on technology areas. Report on active protection systems for armored combat and tactical vehicles (sec. 248) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 232) that would require the Secretary of the Army to submit a report on technologies related to active protection systems for armored combat vehicles. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Next Generation Combat Vehicle (sec. 249) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 233) that would direct the Secretary of the Army to ensure that the Tank Automotive, Research, Development, and Engineering Center (TARDEC) is provided the necessary resources to build a prototype for the Next Generation Combat Vehicle (NGCV). The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of the Army to ensure all necessary resources are planned and programmed for an accelerated prototyping of the NGCV. The Secretary shall ensure consideration of the latest enabling component technologies developed by TARDEC. Modification of reports on mechanisms to provide funds to defense laboratories for research and development of technologies for military missions (sec. 250) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 235) that would amend the existing reporting requirement for funding provided to defense laboratories under existing authorities to a continuous requirement as opposed to an annual report. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Briefings on Mobile Protected Firepower and Future Vertical Lift programs (sec. 251) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 236) that would require the Secretary of the Army to submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives a report on the requirements for Mobile Protected Firepower (MPF) and Future Vertical Lift (FVL) no later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would amend the reporting requirement by requiring two separate and distinct briefings on the MPF and FVL programs. The amendment also includes additional briefing elements for the FVL program. Improvement of the Air Force supply chain (sec. 252) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 237) that would allow the Assistant Secretary of the Air Force for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics to use nontraditional technologies, such as additive manufacturing, artificial intelligence, and other softwareintensive capabilities, to increase the availability of aircraft and decrease backlogs for the production of spare parts for such aircraft. This provision would also allow the Assistant Secretary to advance the qualification and integration of additive manufacturing into the Air Force supply chain, reduce supply chain risk, and define workforce development requirements and training for personnel who implement and support additive manufacturing for the Air Force. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Review of guidance on blast exposure during training (sec. 253) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 238) that would require the Secretary of Defense to review the firing limits of heavy weapons during training exercises and provide a report no later than 180 days after enactment of this Act reviewing the cognitive effects of said blast exposure. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment that would add the review of the decibel level exposure, concussive effects exposure, and the frequency of exposure to heavy weapons fire of an individual during training exercises in order to establish appropriate limitations on such exposures. Competitive acquisition strategy for Bradley Fighting Vehicle transmission replacement (sec. 254) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 241) that would require the Secretary of the Army to submit to the congressional defense committees, not later than February 15, 2019, a strategy to competitively procure a new transmission for the Bradley Fighting Vehicle family of vehicles, to include the Armored Multipurpose Vehicle and the Paladin Integrated Management artillery system. The Senate amendment contained another provision (sec. 5202) that would require the plan to use a full and open competition in the acquisition strategy for the Bradley Fighting Vehicle transmission replacement is based on the Federal Acquisition Regulation. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would integrate these two provisions and require a full and open competition in accordance with the Federal Acquisition Regulation. Independent assessment of electronic warfare plans and programs (sec. 255) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 242) that would require the Secretary of Defense to enter into an agreement with the scientific advisory group ‘‘JASON’’ to produce an independent assessment of U.S. electronic warfare strategies, programs, order of battle, and doctrine and adversary strategies, programs, order of battle, doctrine, including recommendations for improvement. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would narrow the assessment to only include the Department of Defense, as opposed to a governmentwide assessment. 
LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  Entrepreneurial education program for personnel of Department of Defense laboratories The House bill contained a provision (sec. 220D) that would allow the Secretary of Defense to carry out a program under which entrepreneurship and commercialization education, training and mentoring would be provided to personnel of Department of Defense laboratories. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note the inclusion of an authorization for an ‘‘ICorps’’ program in another provision for this Act. Process for coordination of studies and analysis research of the Department of Defense The House bill contained a provision (sec. 220E) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to implement a Departmentwide process for managing requests for studies and analysis research across the military departments and Defense Agencies. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note the inclusion of a requirement for an assessment on Department of Defense research and engineering portfolio management and coordination in another provision of this Act. Jet noise reduction program of the Navy The House bill contained a provision (sec. 220F) that would authorize the Secretary of the Navy to carry out a jet noise reduction program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees are aware of ongoing jet noise reduction programs by the Department of Defense (DOD) and believe that reducing noise levels from aviation and other aircraft in communities near military installations should continue to be a priority for the DOD. The conferees support the Navy’s current jet noise reduction program and their efforts to identify material and nonmaterial solutions to develop noise control strategies and noise measurement requirements produced by military aircraft. The conferees understand the Navy will continue this program to guide the design of future noisecontrol systems for naval aviation systems to reduce the impact on communities adjacent to military facilities and the environment, like those in Washington, California, and Florida. The conferees urge the Department to continue to fully resource such programs. Therefore, elsewhere in Division D of this Act, the conferees note that an additional $2.0 million is authorized for jet noise reduction efforts. STEM jobs action plan The House bill contained a provision (sec. 220H) that would direct the Secretary of Defense, in conjunction with the Secretary of each military department, to perform an assessment and deliver a report to Congress on jobs in science, technology, engineering, and math within the Department of Defense. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Limitation on funding for Amphibious Combat Vehicle 1.2 The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 221) that would limit all of funds authorized for Amphibious Combat Vehicle 1.2 from being obligated or expended until the Secretary of Defense provided a required report on the highest priority roles and missions of the armed forces. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Briefing on use of quantum sciences for military applications and other purposes The House bill contained a provision (sec. 224) that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing and plan for using quantum sciences for military applications and other purposes. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note the inclusion elsewhere within this Act of a provision focused on various requirements for the Department of Defense related to quantum information sciences. Increase in funding for divertor test tokamak research and development The House bill contained a provision (sec. 226) that would increase funding for research, development, test, and evaluation in inertial confinement fusion ignition and high yield by $3.0 million, to be used for divertor test tokamak research and development. The provision would also decrease funding for the Air Force’s procurement of ammunition, for flares, by $3.0 million. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Briefing on innovative mobile security technology capabilities The House bill contained a provision (sec. 227) that would express the sense of the Congress that governmentowned mobile technologies lack necessary security features, placing them at risk for targeting and data breaches that might expose information that could harm national security. The provision would require the Secretary of Defense to provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on the relevant threats, commerciallyavailable countermeasure technologies, and the feasibility of deploying these technologies within the Department of Defense. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to brief the congressional defense committees, not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, on the threats posed by credential theft, active surveillance from microphones and cameras, and tracking of user movements and location. The briefing shall include an analysis of the commercial availability of technologies to mitigate these threats and strategies governing and the feasibility of deploying mobile security technologies within the Department. Funding for development of canine plasma for hemorrhagic control The House bill contained a provision (sec. 230) that would designate funding from the United States Special Operations Command research, development, test and evaluation Defensewide budget for freezedried canine plasma for hemorrhagic control. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Sense of Congress on partnerships for next generation hypersonics capabilities The House bill contained a provision (sec. 231) that expresses a sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Air Force should consider entering into partnerships with institutions of higher education to conduct research and science and engineering education for next generation hypersonics capabilities. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note their support for hypersonics capability development elsewhere in this Act. Report on the future of the defense research and engineering enterprise The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 234) that would direct the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering to conduct a review of the defense research and engineering enterprise. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note the inclusion elsewhere in this Act of a National Defense Science and Technology Strategy, which includes elements of this report. TITLE III—O PERATION AND MAINTENANCE  Subtitle A—Authorization of Appropriations Authorization of appropriations (sec. 301) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 301) that would authorize appropriations for operation and maintenance activities at the levels identified in section 4301 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 301). The House recedes. Subtitle B—Energy and Environment Explosive Ordnance Disposal Defense Program (sec. 311) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 317) that would establish the Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) Defense Program by assigning the Assistant Secretary of Defense (ASD) for Nuclear, Chemical and Biological Defense Programs as the key individual for EOD policy, plans, programs and budgets. Additionally, the Defense Threat Reduction Agency would be tasked with fund management for Department of Defense (DOD)wide EOD research and development. It would also mandate that an Army EOD qualified general officer serve as the head of the Joint ImprovisedThreat Defeat Organization. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would allow the Secretary of Defense to choose an ASD of their choice to oversee the program and for the DOD to designate a combat support agency to exercise fund management of EOD research, development, test and evaluation. The conferees note that to clarify certain sections of this provision the terms ‘‘Explosive Ordnance’’ means all munitions and improvised or clandestine explosive devices, containing explosives, propellants, nuclear fission or fusion materials, and biological and chemical agents. The term ‘‘Explosive Ordnance Disposal’’ means, the detection, identification, onsite evaluation, rendering safe, exploitation, recovery, and final disposal of explosive ordnance. Further improvements to energy security and resilience (sec. 312) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 311) that would make further improvements to energy security and resilience within the Department of Defense by ensuring mission assurance is prioritized in energy policy and management. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment. Use of proceeds from sales of electrical energy derived from geothermal resources for projects at military installations where resources are located (sec. 313) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 312) that would amend section 2916 of title 10, 
United States Code, to enable certain proceeds from the sale of electrical energy generated from a geothermal energy resource to be used for installation energy or water security projects at the military installation in which the geothermal energy resource is located. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Operational energy policy (sec. 314) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 314) that would provide a comprehensive operational energy policy and promote the development and acquisition of equipment that enhances energy security and energy resilience. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Funding of study and assessment of health implications of per and polyfluoroalkyl substances contamination in drinking water by agency for toxic substances and disease registry (sec. 315) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 312) that would amend section 316(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) to allow funds to be transferred to the Secretary of Health and Human Services for the study and assessment of health implications of per and polyfluoroalkyl substances (PFAS). The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense, within 180 days from the date the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) establishes a maximum contaminant limit for PFAS, to; (1) Assess any contamination at the Department of Defense installations and surrounding communities; (2) Identify any remediation actions the Department plans to undertake using the established EPA standard; (3) Provide an estimated cost and schedule for remediation; and (4) Provide an assessment of past expenditures by local water authorities to address contamination before the EPA standard was established and an estimate cost to reimburse communities that remediated water to a level not greater than the EPA standard. Extension of authorized periods of permitted incidental takings of marine mammals in the course of specified activities by Department of Defense (sec. 316) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 313) that would extend the period the Secretary of Interior may authorize the incidental taking of marine mammals by the Department of Defense from 5 years to 10 years if the Secretary finds that such takings will have a negligible impact on any marine mammal species. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with amendment that would authorize the Secretary of Interior to extend the permit for incidental taking of marine mammals by the Department of Defense to 7 years. Department of Defense environmental restoration programs (sec. 317) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 315) that would provide findings and a Sense of Congress on the Department of Defense environmental restoration programs. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment. The conferees require not later than 120 days after enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Energy, Installations, and Environment shall provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives on initiatives being pursued to accelerate environmental restoration efforts. Joint study on the impact of wind farms on weather radars and military operations (sec. 318) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 318) that would require the Secretary of Defense to enter into an agreement with the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to conduct a study on the impact of wind farms on weather radars. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment. Core sampling at Joint Base San Antonio, Texas (sec. 319) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 319) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to conduct a core sampling study along the proposed route of the W–6 wastewater treatment line on Air Force real property. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 5302). The conference agreement includes this provision. Production and use of natural gas at Fort Knox, Kentucky (sec. 320) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 316) that would authorize the Secretary of the Army to provide for the production, treatment, management, and use of natural gas located under Fort Knox. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would apply this authority to the 26 wells at Fort Knox, include up to 49,000 dollars per year in royalty payments to the Commonwealth of Kentucky, unless royalty payments are waived by the Governor, and ensure the 26 wells at Fort Knox adhere to the Bureau of Land Management’s safety regulations. Subtitle C—Logistics and Sustainment Authorizing use of working capital funds for unspecified minor military construction projects related to revitalization and recapitalization of defense industrial base facilities (sec. 321) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 2804) that would amend section 2805 of title 10, United States Code, to establish a pilot program authority until 2023 for unspecified minor military construction projects of $6.0 million in support of defense industrial base facilities. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment that would amend section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, to allow the services to use working capital funds up to the minor military construction threshold. Examination of Navy vessels (sec. 322) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 321) that would amend section 7304 of title 10, United States Code, to provide that examinations of naval vessels performed under the authority of that section after October 1, 2019, shall be conducted on a no notice basis. This section would also provide that reports detailing the results of such inspections be unclassified and available to the public. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1012) that would require the submission of an annual unclassified report to the congressional defense committees. The House recedes with an amendment that would require vessel inspections pursuant to section 7304 of title 10, United States Code, be conducted with minimal notice provided to the crew of the vessel beginning on January 1, 2020. Additionally, this section would require the submission of an annual unclassified report to the congressional defense committees. The conferees’ intent in prescribing minimal notice inspections is to limit prior notice of vessel inspections being conducted under this section to the minimum number of individuals necessary to make the logistical arrangements needed to complete inspection requirements. These inspections should be ‘‘come as you are’’ and provide an accurate representation of the material condition of each vessel without the benefit of dedicated inspection preparation. The minimal notice standard is intended to apply to vessels undergoing periodic material inspections, but not to new construction vessels undergoing acceptance and final contract trials. Limitation on length of overseas forward deployment of naval vessels (sec. 323) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 323) that would add a new section to chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, that would require the Secretary of the Navy to limit the time a naval vessel is forward deployed overseas to 10 years. This section would permit the Secretary to waive the 10 year requirement for individual naval vessels with notification to the congressional defense committees. This section would further provide that all currently forward deployed naval ships which have exceeded 10 years of service overseas shall have 3 years to return to a U.S. homeport. Finally, this section would require the Secretary to provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on his rotation plan for forward deployed naval ships. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1013). The Senate recedes with an amendment that would restrict the limitation on length of overseas forward deployment to specified types of naval vessels. Temporary modification of workload carryover formula (sec. 324) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 324) that would require the Secretary of Defense to modify the workload carryover calculation formula for each military department depot or arsenal through September 30, 2021. These modifications would reflect the timing of enacted appropriations and the varying repair cycle times of the workload supported, and apply in addition to current Department of Defense carryover exemptions. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Limitation on use of funds for implementation of elements of master plan for redevelopment of Former Ship Repair Facility in Guam (sec. 325) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 
325) that would provide that none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act, or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Navy, may be obligated or expended for any construction, alteration, repair, or development of the real property consisting of the Former Ship Repair Facility in Guam unless such project directly supports depotlevel ship maintenance capabilities, to include the mooring of a floating dry dock. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. 
Business case analysis for proposed relocation of J85 Engine Regional Repair Center (sec. 326) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 326) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to prepare a business case analysis for the proposed relocation of the J85 Engine Regional Repair Center. This section would also withhold funding for the proposed relocation until 150 days after the Secretary of the Air Force has provided the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the business case analysis. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Report on pilot program for microreactors (sec. 327) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 328) that would require the Secretary of Energy to conduct study on the requirements and components of a pilot program to provide resilience for Department of Defense and Department of Energy critical infrastructure using microreactors. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment. Limitation on modifications to Navy Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization structure and mechanism (sec. 328) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 351) that would prohibit the Secretary of the Navy from making any modifications to the existing Navy Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization (FSRM) structure until 90 days after providing notice of the proposed FSRM modification to the congressional defense committees. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Subtitle D—Reports Reports on readiness (sec. 331) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 321) that would modify the Quarterly Readiness Report to Congress (QRRC) to establish a tracking mechanism for the number of monthly Clevel upgrades or downgrades by a unit commander. The provision would also separate the annex on operational contract support and make it a standalone annual report in order to decrease the delivery time of the QRRC. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment that would sunset this authority in 2023. Matters for inclusion in quarterly reports on personnel and unit readiness (sec. 332) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 331) that would amend section 482 of title 10, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Defense and each military service to report appropriate readiness metrics for cyber and space operations in the existing periodic reporting requirement. This section would further amend section 482 to require combatant commanders to assess their readiness to conduct operations in a multidomain battle, integrating ground, air, sea, space, and cyber forces. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Annual Comptroller General reviews of readiness of Armed Forces to conduct full spectrum operations (sec. 333) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 332) that would require the Comptroller General of the United States to assess the readiness of the Armed Forces in the warfighting domains of ground, sea, air, space, and cyber annually through 2022. The assessment would be based on metrics established by the Secretary of Defense and validated by the Comptroller General, to allow the committee to assess readiness status over time. While the Comptroller General may submit classified reports, unclassified versions of the reports should also be provided. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Surface warfare training improvement (sec. 334) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 333) that would express the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Navy should establish an assessment process for surface warfare officers prior to operational tour assignments and that the Secretary should expand the International Convention on Standards of Training, Certification and Watchkeeping (STCW) qualification process for surface warfare officers and enlisted navigation watch team personnel to improve seamanship and navigation aboard Navy vessels. Further, this section would require the Secretary of the Navy to provide a report on surface warfare officer credentialing, training, and assessment to the congressional defense committees not later than March 1, 2019. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Report on optimizing surface Navy vessel inspections and crew certifications (sec. 335) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 334) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to provide a report on optimizing surface navy vessel inspections and crew certifications to reduce redundancies and the burden of inspectiontype visits that ships undergo. Further, this section would require the Secretary of the Navy to provide an interim briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than January 31, 2019, on matters to be included in the required report. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Report on depotlevel maintenance and repair (sec. 336) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 335) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on labor hours and depot maintenance. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Report on wildfire suppression capabilities of active and reserve components (sec. 337) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 337) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on the wildfire suppression capabilities within the active and reserve components of the Armed Forces. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Report on relocation of steam turbine production from Nimitzclass and Fordclass aircraft carriers and Virginiaclass and Columbiaclass submarines (sec. 338) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 338) that would require a report on the relocation of steam turbine production for specified classes of aircraft carriers and submarines. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Report on Specialized Undergraduate Pilot Training production, resourcing, and locations (sec. 339) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 337) that would limit the funding available to establish a new specialized undergraduate pilot training (SUPT) facility until the Secretary of the Air Force certifies to the congressional defense committees that existing SUPT installations are operating at maximum capacity in terms of pilot production and the Air Force plans to operate existing SUPT facilities at maximum production over the future years defense program. The provision would also require the Secretary of the Air Force to submit a report on existing SUPT production, resourcing, and facilities. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would eliminate the funding limitation but maintain the reporting requirement. Report on Air Force airfield operational requirements (sec. 340) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 5307) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to conduct an assessment and submit a report to the congressional defense committees detailing operational requirements for Air Force airfields. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report on Navy surface ship repair contract costs (sec. 341) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 5306) that would require a report on differences in ship repair contract and final delivery costs. The House bill contained no similar provision. 
The House recedes with an amendment that would require additional information in the report. Subtitle E—Other Matters Coast Guard representation on explosive safety board (sec. 351) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 341) that would amend section 172(a) of title 10, United States Code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Transportation to continental United States of retired military working dogs outside the continental United States that are suitable for adoption in the United States (sec. 352) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 5303) that would require the concerned secretary to transport military working dogs located outside the continental United States at the time of retirement back to the continental United States. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Scope of authority for restoration of land due to mishap (sec. 353) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 338) that would clarify that vehicle crashes must meet the regulations of the federal department with administrative jurisdictions of the affected land. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Repurposing and reuse of surplus Army firearms (sec. 354) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 336) that would amend section 348(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) by inserting ‘‘shredded or’’ before ‘‘melted and repurposed’’. 
The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Study on phasing out open burn pits (sec. 355) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 344) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on the feasibility of phasing out the use of open burn pits. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 6004). The Senate recedes. Notification requirements relating to changes to uniform of members of the uniformed services (sec. 356) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 345) that would require the concerned secretary to notify the Commander of the Defense Logistics Agency of plans to make changes to a servicemember uniform or servicemember uniform component not less than 3 years prior to the change. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Reporting on future years budgeting by subactivity group (sec. 357) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 332) that would direct the Secretary of Defense and the secretaries of the military departments to include in their OP– 5 Justification Books the amount for each subactivity group as detailed in the Department of Defense’s future years defense program. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Limitation on availability of funds for service specific Defense Readiness Reporting Systems (sec. 358) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 335) that would restrict the Department of Defense funds to operate servicespecific Defense Readiness Reporting Systems (DRRS) until the Secretary of Defense submits a resource and funding plan to eliminate servicespecific DRRS. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment that would strike the prohibition of using operation and maintenance funding and change the required transition date to October 1, 2020. Prioritization of environmental impacts for facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization demolition (sec. 359) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 5301) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish prioritization metrics for facilities eligible for demolition within the Facilities Sustainment, Restoration, and Modernization process. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Sense of Congress relating to Soo Locks, Sault Sainte Marie, Michigan (sec. 360) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6009) that would express the sense of Congress regarding the importance of Soo Locks, Sault Sainte Marie, Michigan. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. U.S. Special Operations Command Civilian Personnel (sec. 361) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 334) that would require that, of the funds authorized in Operation and Maintenance, Defensewide for U.S. Special Operations Command civilian personnel, not less than $6.2 million shall be used to fund the detail of civilian personnel to the office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and LowIntensity Conflict (ASD SOLIC) to support the Secretariat for Special Operations. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require that, notwithstanding section 143 of title 10, United States Code, not less than $4.0 million of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for Operation and Maintenance, Defensewide for U.S. Special Operations Command civilian personnel, be used to fund additional civilian personnel in or directly supporting the office of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and LowIntensity Conflict to support the Assistant Secretary in fulfilling the additional responsibilities established by section 922 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). The conferees note that the exemption granted to section 143 of title 10 United States code should be used judiciously and only for the purposes of staffing the ASD SOLIC Secretariat for Special Operations in fulfillment of the responsibilities required by section 922 of the FY17 NDAA. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  State management and conservation of species The House bill contained a provision (sec. 314) that would prohibit listing the Greater SageGrouse and the Lesser PrairieChicken under the Endangered Species Act for a 10– year period. This section would also provide that the previous such listing of the American Burying Beetle may not be enforced or reinstated. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Funding treatment of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid at State owned and operated National Guard installations The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 315) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to treat perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid (PFOS/PFOA) in drinking water at State owned and operated National Guard installations with several limitations. The provision would also authorize the National Guard access to environmental restoration funds. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Overhaul and repair of naval vessels in foreign shipyards The House bill contained a provision (sec. 322) would amend section 7310 of title 10, United States Code, to require naval vessels that do not have a homeport be treated as being homeported in the United States or Guam with regard to repair and maintenance of those vessels. Additionally, this section would define the term voyage repair. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report on effects of increased automation of defense industrial base on manufacturing workforce The House bill contained a provision (sec. 329) that would require a report on effects of increased automation of defense industrial base on manufacturing workforce. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that increased automation in the defense industrial base should be adopted in a manner that does not adversely impact national security. Pilot programs on integration of military information support and civil affairs activities The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 331) that would authorize the commanders of the geographic combatant commands and U.S. Special Operations Command to carry out pilot programs for the integration of military information support and civil affairs activities in support of the theater campaign plans of such combatant command. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees believe that Department of Defense (DOD) civil affairs and military information support activities are complementary and reinforcing and are an important tool to support the military objectives of the combatant commands. Furthermore, especially in an Embassybased environment, such activities by DOD personnel can be further complemented and reinforced by public diplomacy activities of the State Department and stabilization or development activities by the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID). The conferees believe these efforts can be better leveraged to provide whole of government solutions to a rapidly evolving global security environment. The conferees also note that the process for funding the execution of military information support and civil affairs activities often does not align with operational timelines or involves fiscal authorities that are misaligned to the purpose of the activity. Furthermore, the conferees believe that reserve component military information support and civil affairs personnel could be better utilized to augment special operations forces. Therefore, the conferees direct the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict, in coordination with the Commander of U.S. Special Operations Command, to submit a report on civil affairs and military information support to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than March 1, 2019. At a minimum, the report shall provide: (1) A review of the funding mechanisms and fiscal authorities available to support civil affairs and military information support activities and challenges, if any, in utilizing existing funding mechanisms and fiscal authorities; (2) Recommendations for new authorities or modifications to existing authorities that would help to facilitate the execution of civil affairs and military information support activities and the integration of such activities with other complementary efforts by the State Department and USAID; (3) Recommendations for new authorities or modifications to existing authorities that would help to improve the utilization of reserve component civil affairs and military information support personnel to augment special operations forces; and (4) Any other matters deemed relevant by the Assistant Secretary. Restriction on upgrades to aviation demonstration team aircraft The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 333) that would prohibit the Secretary of Defense from upgrading the type, model, or series of aircraft used by a military service for its fixedwing aviation demonstration teams, including the Blue Angels and Thunderbirds aircraft, until the Service’s active and reserve duty squadrons and weapons training schools have replaced 100 percent of the existing type, model, and series of aircraft unless the Secretary grants a waiver to upgrade for the purposes of pilot safety. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note the valuable contributions to morale and public relations made by 
the Department of Defense’s fixedwing aviation demonstration teams, including the Blue Angels and Thunderbirds. However, the conferees believe operational squadrons, including guard, reserve, training, and weapons and tactics squadrons must be given priority in the fielding of upgraded aircraft over any demonstration team. The conferees expect the Department to prioritize operational squadrons in their decisions regarding fielding of aircraft. Report on personal protective equipment requirements for civil response teams to volcanic activity The House bill contained a provision (sec. 336) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Administrative of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and the Director of the United States Geological Survey, to submit a report on personal protective equipment requirements for civil defense response teams to volcanic activity and civilian communities in the vicinity of active volcanic activity, including protection against sulfur dioxide gas. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Administrative of the Federal Emergency Management Agency, and the Director of the United States Geological Survey, to submit a report no later than December 2, 2018 on personal protective equipment requirements for civil defense response teams to volcanic activity and civilian communities in the vicinity of active volcanic activity, including protection against sulfur dioxide gas. Redesignation of the Utah Test and Training Range (UTTR) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 339) that would allow the Utah Test and Training Range located in northwestern Utah and eastern Nevada to be redesignated. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Shiloh National Military Park boundary adjustment and Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield designation The House bill contained a provision (sec. 342) that would modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Sense of Congress regarding critical minerals The House bill contained a provision (sec. 343) that would provide a Sense of Congress regarding critical minerals. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Joint Task Force for Explosive Ordnance Disposal and Countering Improvised Explosive Devices in United States Northern Command The House bill contained a provision (sec. 347) that would require a plan by the Secretary of Defense to organize a Joint Task Force for Explosive Ordnance Disposal and Countering Improvised Explosive Devices at United States Northern Command. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees recognize the importance of a robust domestic capability to conduct explosive ordnance disposal and to counter improvised explosive devices. The conferees also recognize that the Department of Defense should provide an important supporting role to other Federal agencies leading efforts to address these challenges in the United States. The conferees note that interagency cooperation across the Federal government on these issues is vital. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to brief the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, no later than February 1, 2019, on the role of the Department of Defense as part of the interagency effort to address domestic incidents of explosive ordnance disposal, counter improvised explosive devices, and develop potential methods to increase cooperation between the Department of Defense and other Federal agencies. Evaluation of pilot safety by Military Aviation and Installation Assurance Siting Clearinghouse The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1049) that would require the Military Aviation and Installation Assurance Siting Clearinghouse to assess pilot safety when evaluating energy projects. The Senate bill contained a similar provision (sec. 313). The conference agreement does not include either provision. Report on cold weather capabilities and readiness of United States Armed Forces The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1089) that would state that the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that the Department of Defense shall engage with local indigenous communities in developing any Arctic survival curriculum. The Senate amendment contained two similar provisions (sec. 322 and sec. 5304) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the current cold weather capabilities and readiness of the United States Armed Forces. The provisions are not adopted. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act on current cold weather capabilities and readiness of the United States Armed Forces. The report shall contain the following elements: (1) A description of current cold weather capabilities and training to support United States military operations in cold climates across the joint force; (2) A description of anticipated requirements for United States military operations in cold and extreme cold weather in the Arctic, Northeast Asia, and Northern and Eastern Europe; (3) A description of the current cold weather readiness of the joint force, the ability to increase cold weather training across the joint force, and any equipment, infrastructure, personnel, or resource limitations or gaps that may exist; (4) An analysis of potential opportunities to expand cold weather training for the Army, the Navy, the Air Force, and the Marine Corps and the resources or infrastructure required for such expansion; and (5) An analysis of potential partnerships with State, local, Tribal, and private entities to maximize training potential and to utilize local expertise, including traditional indigenous knowledge. Briefing on the status of the plan of the Army to transition to new insecticide pretreatments on combat uniforms The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 5502) that would require the Secretary of the Army to provide a briefing on the status of approval of and any plan to transition to the use of new insecticide pretreatments on combat uniforms. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of the Army no later than December 1, 2018 to provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a briefing on the status of approval of, and any plan to transition to, the use of new insecticide treatments on combat uniforms. TITLE IV—M ILITARY PERSONNEL  AUTHORIZATIONS  Subtitle A—Active Forces End strengths for active forces (sec. 401) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 401) that would authorize activeduty end strength as of September 30, 2019 as follows: Army 487,500; Navy 335,400; Marine Corps 186,100; Air Force 329,100. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 401) that would authorize active duty end strength as of September 30, 2019 as follows: Army 485,741; Navy 331,900; Marine Corps 186,100; Air Force 325,720. The Senate recedes. Revisions in permanent active duty end strength minimum levels (sec. 402) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 402) that would establish new minimum Active Duty end strengths for the Army, Navy, Marine Corps, and Air Force as of September 30, 2019. The committee recommends 487,500 as the minimum Active Duty end strength for the Army, 335,400 as the minimum Active Duty end strength for the Navy, 186,100 as the minimum Active Duty end strength for the Marine Corps, and 329,100 as the minimum Active Duty end strength for the Air Force. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Subtitle B—Reserve Forces End strengths for Selected Reserve (sec. 411) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 411) that would authorize the following end strengths for Selected Reserve personnel of the Armed Forces as of September 30, 2019: the Army National Guard, 343,500; the Army Reserve, 199,500; the Navy Reserve, 59,100; the Marine Corps Reserve, 38,500; the Air National Guard of the United States, 107,100; the Air Force Reserve, 70,000; and the Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 411) that would authorize the following end strengths for Selected Reserve personnel of the Armed Forces as of September 30, 2019: the Army National Guard, 343,500; the Army Reserve, 199,500; the Navy Reserve, 59,000; the Marine Corps Reserve, 38,500; the Air National Guard of the United States, 106,600; the Air Force Reserve, 69,800; and the Coast Guard Reserve, 7,000. The Senate recedes. End strengths for reserves on active duty in support of the reserves (sec. 412) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 412) that would authorize the following end strengths for Reserves on Active Duty in support of the reserve components as of September 30, 2019: the Army National Guard of the United States, 30,595; the Army Reserve, 16,386; The Navy Reserve, 10,110; the Marine Corps Reserve, 2,261; the Air National Guard of the United States, 19,861; and the Air Force Reserve, 3,849. The Senate amendment contained an similar provision (sec. 412) that would authorize the following end strengths for Reserves on Active Duty in support of the reserve components as of September 30, 2019: the Army National Guard of the United States, 30,155; the 
Army Reserve, 16,261; The Navy Reserve, 10,101; the Marine Corps Reserve, 2,261; the Air National Guard of the United States, 19,450; and the Air Force Reserve, 3,588. The Senate recedes. End strengths for military technicians (dual status) (sec. 413) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 413) that would authorize the following end strengths for military technicians (dual status) as of September 30, 2019: the Army National Guard of the United States, 22,294; the Army Reserve, 6,492; the Air National Guard of the United States, 18,969; and the Air Force Reserve, 8,880. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 413). The conference agreement includes this provision with an amendment that would authorize end strength for military technicians (dual status) for the Air National Guard of the United States at 15,861. The conferees note that this authorization aligns with the corrected President’s Budget Request, which was received after both the House bill and Senate amendment were passed. Maximum number of reserve personnel authorized to be on active duty for operational support (sec. 414) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 414) that would authorize the maximum number of reserve component personnel who may be on Active Duty or fulltime National Guard duty under section 115(b) of title 10, United States Code, during fiscal year 2019 to provide operational support. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 414). The conference agreement includes this provision. Subtitle C—Authorization of Appropriations Military personnel (sec. 421) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 421) that would authorize appropriations for military personnel at the levels identified in the funding table in section 7401 of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 421). The House recedes. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  End strengths for commissioned officers on active duty in certain grades The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 402) that would authorize Active Duty end strengths for officers in grades of major, lieutenant colonel, and colonel, and Navy grades of lieutenant commander, commander, and captain as of September 30, 2019. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Limitation on use of funds for personnel in fiscal year 2019 in excess of statutorily specified end strengths for fiscal year 2018 The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 422) that would prohibit the Department of Defense from increasing end strengths for the various military departments and components beyond the levels authorized by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) until the Secretary of Defense submits the report on ‘‘HighestPriority Roles and Missions of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces’’ required elsewhere in this Act. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. TITLE V—M ILITARY PERSONNEL POLICY  Subtitle A—Officer Personnel Policy Repeal of requirement for ability to complete 20 years of service by age 62 as qualification for original appointment as a regular commissioned officer (sec. 501) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 503) that would amend section 532 of title 10, United States Code, to repeal the requirement that original officer appointments may only be granted to individuals who are able to complete 20 years of commissioned service prior to reaching age 62. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Enhancement of availability of constructive service credit for private sector training or experience upon original appointment as a commissioned officer (sec. 502) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 501) that would amend sections 533 and 12207 of title 10, United States Code, to permit the secretaries of the military departments additional discretion to determine the grade of certain individuals receiving an original appointment as a regular or reserve commissioned officer. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 504) that would amend sections 533 and 12207 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize service secretaries to award constructive credit to newlyappointed active and reserve component officers for special training or experience not to exceed the amount of constructive credit required for appointment in the grade of colonel in the Army, Air Force, and Marine Corps or captain in the Navy. This provision would also repeal the temporary authority to award constructive credit for critically necessary cyberspacerelated experience. The House recedes. Standardized temporary promotion authority across the military departments for officers in certain grades with critical skills (sec. 503) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 505) that would amend chapter 35 of title 10, United States Code, by adding a new section to authorize each military service to award temporary promotions to the grade of O–3, O–4, O–5, and O–6 for officers serving in specified positions. This provision would also repeal a similar authority, which was previously only applicable to the Navy. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Authority for promotion boards to recommend officers of particular merit be placed higher on a promotion list (sec. 504) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 503) that would amend sections 616, 618, and 624 of title 10, United States Code, to allow officer promotion boards to recommend officers of particular merit be placed at the top of the promotion list, and to allow the secretary of the military department concerned to reorder the promotion list accordingly. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 506) that would amend section 616 and section 14108 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize service secretaries to allow officer promotion selection boards to place officers of particular merit higher on a regular or reserve promotion list. The House recedes with an amendment that would authorize service secretaries to authorize regular officer promotion selection boards to place officers higher on a promotion list. Authority for officers to opt out of promotion board consideration (sec. 505) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 507) that would amend section 619 and section 14301 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize service secretaries, based on the request of an officer and only when deemed to be in the best interests of the military departments, to remove an officer from consideration by a selection board for promotion to the next higher grade. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Applicability to additional officer grades of authority for continuation on active duty of officers in certain military specialties and career tracks (sec. 506) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 511) that would amend section 637a of title 10, United States Code, to authorize service secretaries to allow officers in the grade of O–2 or above serving in certain specified military specialties to remain on Active Duty until reaching 40 years of active service. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Alternative promotion authority for officers in designated competitive categories of officers (sec. 507) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 510) that would authorize an alternative promotion process for officers in certain, service secretarydesignated, competitive categories. This provision would also create a termbased selective continuation process for officers not selected for promotion. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment. Attending Physician to the Congress (sec. 508) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 530) that would amend chapter 41 of title 10, United States Code, to require the grade of the attending physician to the Congress hold the grade of major general or rear admiral (upper half). The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Matters relating to satisfactory service in grade for purposes of retirement grade of officers in highest grade of satisfactory service (sec. 509) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 505) that would amend section 1370 of title 10, United States Code, to clarify that the Secretary concerned may determine that an officer who committed misconduct in a lower grade has not served satisfactorily in any grade equal to or higher than that lower grade. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 516) that would amend section 1370 of title 10, United States Code, to: (1) Authorize a conditional determination of an officer’s retired grade when the officer is under investigation for alleged misconduct at the time of retirement; (2) Authorize reopening of a determination or certification of an officer’s retired grade under specified conditions; and (3) Provide that determinations of satisfactory service in grade for purposes of determining an officer’s retired grade take into account the officer’s service throughout a military career. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify that the Secretary concerned may determine that an officer who committed misconduct in a lower grade has not served satisfactorily in any grade equal to or higher than that lower grade. Grades of Chiefs of Chaplains (sec. 510) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 509) that would amend section 3073, 5142, and 8039 of title 10, United States Code, to require that the Chief of Chaplains for each military department, while so serving, hold the grade of major general for the Army and Air Force, or rear admiral (upper half) for the Navy. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 519) that would require the Secretary of Defense to specify a common 
grade across the military services for the positions of Chief of Chaplains. The Senate amendment contained another similar provision (sec. 520) that would require service secretaries to submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives that would provide written justification in the event an individual holding a rank below major general or rear admiral is appointed to the position of Service Chief of Chaplains. The Senate recedes. Repeal of original appointment qualification requirement for warrant officers in the regular Army (sec. 511) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 518) that would repeal section 3310 of title 10, United States Code, which requires original Regular Army warrant officer appointment be made from persons who have served at least 1 year on Active Duty in the Army. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Reduction in number of years of active naval service required for permanent appointment as a limited duty officer (sec. 512) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 517) that would amend section 5589(d) of title 10, United States Code, to offer permanent appointments to limited duty officers who have completed at least 8 years of active naval service. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Authority to designate certain reserve officers as not to be considered for selection for promotion (sec. 513) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 522) that would amend section 14301 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize service secretaries to defer promotion consideration for reserve component servicemembers in a nonparticipatory, membershiponly status. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. GAO review of surface warfare career paths (sec. 514) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 502) that would amend chapter 602 of title 10, United States Code, by adding a new section that would require the Secretary of the Navy to establish two career paths for surface warfare officers. The Secretary would be required to establish one career path in ship engineering systems and another in ship operations and combat systems, not later than January 1, 2021. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Comptroller General of the United States to submit a report to the congressional defense committees on surface warfare officer career paths. Subtitle B—Reserve Component Management Authorized strength and distribution in grade (sec. 515) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 512) that would amend section 12011(a) and section 12012(a) of title 10, United States Code, to increase the total number of available control grade positions, which includes O–4, O–5, O–6, E–8, and E–9, authorized for the Air National Guard. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Repeal of prohibition on service on Army Reserve Forces Policy Committee by members on active duty (sec. 516) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 524) that would amend section 10302 of title 10, United States Code, to permit the Army National Guard of the United States and United States Army Reserve officers serving on Active Duty to serve on the Army Reserve Forces Policy Committee. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Expansion of personnel subject to authority of the Chief of the National Guard Bureau in the execution of functions and missions of the National Guard Bureau (sec. 517) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 523) that would amend section 10508 of title 10, United States Code, to clarify the authority of the Chief of the National Guard Bureau to employ persons under certain provisions of title 5, United States Code, in furtherance of meeting the requirements of section 1053 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92), as amended by section 1084 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) and section 1083 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would remove the reference to military technicians. Authority to adjust effective date of promotion in the event of undue delay in extending Federal recognition of promotion (sec. 518) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 513) that would amend section 14308(f) of title 10, United States Code, to provide that the date of rank of a National Guard officer is the date on which the promotion of that officer is approved by the State concerned, and would require the secretaries concerned to report to the Congress when a promotion scroll exceeds 200 days between date received and its date of publication. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 521) that would amend section 14308(f) of title 10, United States Code, to allow service secretaries to adjust the effective date of promotion for officers in the reserve component if the secretary concerned determines there was an undue delay in the federal recognition process and the delay is not attributable to the action, or inaction, of the officer concerned. The House recedes. National Guard Youth Challenge Program (sec. 519) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 516) that would amend section 509(h) of title 32, United States Code, to authorize the transfer of additional national, state, and local equipment and facilities to the National Guard Youth Challenge program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would authorize the Department of Defense to transfer equipment and facilities to the National Guard for the purposes of carrying out the National Guard Youth Challenge program. Extension of authority for pilot program on the use of retired senior enlisted members of the Army National Guard as Army National Guard recruiters (sec. 520) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 514) that would extend the authority of the pilot program on the use of retired senior enlisted members of the Army National Guard as Army National Guard recruiters until 2021. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Subtitle C—General Service Authorities and Correction of Military Records Enlistments vital to the national interest (sec. 521) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 521) that would modify section 504(b) of title 10, United States Code, to clarify requirements for certain enlistments vital to the national interest. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment that would further clarify the requirements for these enlistments. The conferees believe the Military Accessions Vital to National Interest, or MAVNI, program continues to be an important option for the acquisition of certain critical skills for military service. Statement of benefits (sec. 522) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 522) that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide Active Duty and Reserve service members an authoritative assessment of their earned GI Bill benefits prior to separation, retirement, or release from Active Duty or demobilization. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide an assessment of benefits to members of the reserve component upon release from active duty. Modification to forms of support that may be accepted in support of the mission of the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency (sec. 523) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 523) that would amend subsection (a) of section 1501a of title 10, United States Code, to modify the forms of support that may be accepted by the Defense POW/MIA Accounting Agency (DPAA) in support of its mission. The provision would authorize an employee of a nongovernment entity that has entered into a publicprivate partnership, cooperative agreement, or grant arrangement with, or in direct support of the DPAA, to be considered as an employee of the Federal government by reason of participation in such partnership, cooperative agreement, or grant arrangement only for purposes relating to maintenance of records on individuals under section 552a of title 5, United States Code. In addition, the provision would authorize DPAA to accept gifts in support of its mission and would specify how DPAA could use such gifts. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Assessment of Navy standard workweek and related adjustments (sec. 524) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 531) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to conduct an assessment of the Navy standard workweek and update relevant instructions and policy documents. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment. The conferees agree on the importance of regularly assessing the sufficiency of unit level manning to accomplish assigned tasks. The conferees note that the House report accompanying H.R. 5515 (H. Rept. 115–676) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 directs the Chief of Naval Operations to provide a briefing on how the Navy is addressing crew fatigue, watch rotations, and overall workload for crewmembers 
of surface ships. The conferees direct the Chief of Naval Operations to provide this briefing to both the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. The conferees further direct the Secretary of the Navy to include in this briefing any preliminary findings related to this provision. Notification on manning of afloat naval forces (sec. 525) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 532) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to maintain manning of ships assigned to the Forward Deployed Naval Forces at levels not less than the levels established for each ship class. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of the Navy to notify the congressional defense committees if the manning of a battle force ship drops below specified levels. Navy watchstander records (sec. 526) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 533) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to require key watchstanders on Navy surface ships to maintain a career record of watchstanding hours and specific operational evolutions. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would add the conning officer or piloting officer and engineering officer of the watch to the definition of key watchstanders, as well as require briefings to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. Qualification experience requirements for certain Navy watchstations (sec. 527) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 534) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the adequacy of individual training for certain Navy watchstations, including any planned or recommended changes in qualification standards. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would add the conning officer or piloting officer and engineering officer of the watch to the watchstations covered by the report. Subtitle D—Military Justice Inclusion of strangulation and suffocation in conduct constituting aggravated assault for purposes of the Uniform Code of Military Justice (sec. 531) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 542) that would amend section 928 of title 10, United States Code (article 128 of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), to include strangulation and suffocation in conduct constituting aggravated assault for purposes of the Uniform Code of Military Justice. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Punitive article on domestic violence under the Uniform Code of Military Justice (sec. 532) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 532) that would amend subchapter X of chapter 47 of title 10, United States Code (the Uniform Code of Military Justice), to add a new section 928a regarding domestic violence. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 541). The House recedes with an amendment that would remove the proposed definitions of immediate family, intimate partner, protection order, strangling, suffocating, and violent offense so that these elements can be defined through changes to the Manual for CourtsMartial. Authorities of Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces (sec. 533) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 533) that would amend section 546 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) to require the Department of Defense to provide information to the Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces that the panel deems necessary to carry out its duties. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 543) that would amend section 546 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) to authorize the Defense Advisory Committee on Investigation, Prosecution, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces (Advisory Committee) to hold hearings and to require other Federal agencies to provide information requested by the Advisory Committee. These authorities are similar to authorities provided to the prior congressionallymandated, sexual assaultrelated Response Systems Panel and Judicial Proceedings Panel. The House recedes with an amendment that would require Federal agencies providing information to the Advisory Committee to take steps to prevent the unauthorized disclosure of personally identifiable information. Report on feasibility of expanding services of the Special Victims’ Counsel to victims of domestic violence (sec. 534) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 545) that would amend section 1044e of title 10, United States Code, to expand eligibility for Special Victims’ Counsel services to victims of domestic violence and other aggravated violent offenses. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretaries of the military departments, to submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives regarding the feasibility and advisability of expanding eligibility for the Special Victims’ Counsel program. Uniform command action form on disposition of unrestricted sexual assault cases involving members of the Armed Forces (sec. 535) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 548) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish a uniform command action form, applicable across the Armed Forces, for reporting the final disposition of certain sexual assault cases. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would remove the mandatory elements of the form, allowing the Department to determine the information that would be included in the form. Standardization of policies related to expedited transfer in cases of sexual assault or domestic violence (sec. 536) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 543) that would require the Secretary of Defense to standardize the expedited transfer procedures for servicemembers who are the victim of sexual assault, regardless of whether their cases are handled by the Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program or the Family Advocacy Program, and would require the Secretary to establish a transfer policy for service members whose dependent is the victim of sexual assault perpetrated by an unrelated service member. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 547) that would require the Secretary of Defense to expand eligibility for expedited transfer to servicemembers who are victims of sexual assault and physical domestic violence. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense to standardize the expedited transfer procedures for service members who are victims of sexual assault or physical domestic violence. Subtitle E—Other Legal Matters Clarification of expiration of term of appellate military judges of the United States Court of Military Commission Review (sec. 541) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 546) that would amend section 950f of title 10, United States Code, to clarify the expiration of the term of an appellate military judge of the United States Court of Military Commission Review. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Security clearance reinvestigation of certain personnel who commit certain offenses (sec. 542) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 541) that would amend section 1564 of title 10, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a security clearance background reinvestigation under expedited procedures for flag officers and Senior Executive Service personnel employed by the Department of Defense convicted of sexual assault, sexual harassment, fraud against the United States, or other serious crimes. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would clarify requirements related to those individuals who have separated from the Department of Defense. Development of oversight plan for implementation of Department of Defense harassment prevention and response policy (sec. 543) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 544) that would require the Department of Defense to develop an oversight plan and provide a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives for implementation of the Department of Defense Harassment Prevention and Response policy. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment. 
Oversight of registered sex offender management program (sec. 544) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 536) that would require the Secretary of Defense to designate a single official or entity within the Office of the Secretary of Defense to serve as the official or entity with principal responsibility for providing oversight of the registered sex offender management program of the Department. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment. Development of resource guides regarding sexual assault for the military service academies (sec. 545) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 545) that would require each Superintendent of a military service academy to develop and maintain a resource guide on sexual assault, 
and distribute the guide to all cadets and midshipmen at the academy. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment. Improved crime reporting (sec. 546) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 535) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish a consolidated tracking process to ensure increased oversight of the timely submission of crime reporting data to the Federal Bureau of Investigation. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment. Report on victims of sexual assault in reports of military criminal investigative organizations (sec. 547) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 546) that would require the Secretary of Defense, through the Defense Advisory Committee on Investigations, Prosecutions, and Defense of Sexual Assault in the Armed Forces, to provide a report every 2 years on the frequency with which victims of sexual offenses identified in military criminal investigative organization cases are accused of or punished for misconduct considered collateral to the investigation of sexual assault. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 549) that would require the inclusion of information on certain collateral misconduct of victims of sexual assault in annual reports on sexual assault involving members of the Armed Forces. The Senate recedes. Subtitle F—Member Education, Training, Resilience, and Transition Permanent career intermission program (sec. 551) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 551) that would amend chapter 40 of title 10, United States Code, by adding section 710 and removing all references to the program as a pilot program, making the Career Intermission Program a permanent authority. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Improvements to Transition Assistance Program (sec. 552) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 552) that would amend section 1142 of title 10, United States Code, to improve the Transition Assistance Program by: (1) Establishing at least three transition counseling pathways for servicemembers; (2) Requiring the Department of Defense to provide a copy of the joint service transcript to a servicemember prior to transition to veteran status and to transmit the transcript to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs; and (3) Allowing transitioning servicemembers to select a portion of the content covered during the transition assistance period of instruction. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 5501) that would require a report from the Secretary of Defense on participation by servicemembers in the Transition Assistance Program under section 1144 of title 10, United States Code. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would remove the requirement for the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to ensure that a separated, retired, or discharged servicemember can access the member’s joint service transcript from a web site of the Department of Veterans Affairs. Repeal of program on encouragement of postseparation public and community service (sec. 553) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 555) that would repeal section 1143a of title 10, United States Code, to strike all references to the Department of Defense’s program to encourage members and former members of the Armed Forces to enter into public and community service jobs after discharge or release from Active Duty. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment. Clarification of application and honorable service requirements under the TroopstoTeachers Program to members of the Retired Reserve (sec. 554) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 553) that would amend section 1154(d)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, to require that members transferred to the Retired Reserve who wish to submit applications to participate in the TroopstoTeachers program must do so not later than 3 years after the date of the transfer. This provision would apply the same application submission requirement to members transferred to the Retired Reserve in the same way the requirement currently applies to eligible members who are retired, separated, or released from Active Duty. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Employment and compensation of civilian faculty members at the Joint Special Operations University (sec. 555) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 553) that would amend section 1595(c) of title 10, United States Code, to add the Joint Special Operations University to the list of covered institutions with authority to hire civilian faculty under title 10. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 1106). The conference agreement includes this provision. Program to assist members of the Armed Forces in obtaining professional credentials (sec. 556) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 554) that would amend section 2015 of title 10, United States Code, to further assist members of the Armed Forces in obtaining professional credentials. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 556) that would amend section 2015 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of the Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security to enable members of the Armed Forces to obtain professional credentials that do not relate to military training if the Secretary concerned determines it is in the best interests of the United States. The Senate recedes. Enhancement of authorities in connection with Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps programs (sec. 557) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 560C) that would authorize a Service Secretary to offer to convert closing Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (JROTC) units to National Defense Cadet Corps programs in lieu of closing the unit. The provision would also provide additional authority to administer JROTC unit instructors, travel funding, and program data. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 557) that would amend chapter 102 of title 10, United States Code, by requiring the Secretary of Defense to offer to convert closing JROTC detachments into National Defense Cadet Corps organizations. This provision would also provide flexibility to service secretaries in setting JROTC instructor hiring and compensation policy. Additionally, the provision would require the Secretary of Defense to standardize JROTC detachment data collection methods and policy across the military departments. The House recedes. Expansion of period of availability of Military OneSource program for retired and discharged members of the Armed Forces and their immediate families (sec. 558) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 557) that would extend the duration of availability of the Military OneSource program for servicemembers and their immediate family members for at least 1 year after their separation or retirement. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 567). The House recedes. Prohibition on use of funds for attendance of enlisted personnel at senior level and intermediate level officer professional military education courses (sec. 559) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 554) that would prohibit the use of any funds authorized to be appropriated for the Department of Defense for the purpose of the attendance of enlisted personnel at senior level and intermediate level officer professional military education courses. The provision would also repeal section 547 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would continue to allow enlisted personnel to attend courses offered by the National Defense Intelligence College. Subtitle G—Defense Dependents’ Education Assistance to schools with military dependent students (sec. 561) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 563) that would authorize $40.0 million for the purpose of providing assistance to local educational agencies with military dependent students and $10.0 million for local educational agencies eligible to receive a payment for children with severe disabilities. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 561) that would authorize $40.0 million in Operation and Maintenance, Defensewide, for continuation of the Department of Defense (DOD) assistance program to local educational agencies impacted by enrollment of dependent children of military members and DOD civilian employees. The Senate amendment contained another 
similar provision (sec. 562) that would authorize $10.0 million in Operation and Maintenance, Defensewide, for impact aid payments for children with severe disabilities (as enacted by Public Law 106–398; 114 Stat. 1654A–77; 20 U.S.C. 7703a) using the formula set forth in section 363 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106–398), for continuation of Department of Defense assistance to local educational agencies that benefit eligible dependents with severe disabilities. Subsection (b) of the provision would allow the Secretary of Defense to use $5.0 million of the total amount authorized for payments to local educational agencies with higher concentrations of military children with severe disabilities at the Secretary’s discretion and without regard to the formula set forth in section 363 of the Floyd D. Spence National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2001 (Public Law 106–398). The House recedes with a technical amendment. Department of Defense Education Activity policies and procedures on sexual harassment of students of Activity schools (sec. 562) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 563) that would equally apply the provisions contained in title IX of the Education Amendments of 1972 (20 U.S.C. 1681 et 
seq.), with respect to education programs and activities receiving Federal financial assistance, to the education programs and activities administered by the Department of Defense Education Activity (DODEA). The provision would require DODEA to establish policies and procedures, not later than March 31, 2019, to protect students at DODEA schools who are victims of sexual harassment. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Department of Defense Education Activity misconduct database (sec. 563) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 564) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish a comprehensive policy regarding reporting and tracking juvenile misconduct cases occurring in Department of Defense Education Activity schools and to consolidate the various databases for reporting and tracking of juvenile misconduct occurring in such schools into a single comprehensive database. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment. Assessment and report on active shooter threat mitigation at schools located on military installations (sec. 564) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 570) that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct an assessment of strategies that may be used to reduce the security threat posed by active shooter incidents at public elementary schools and secondary schools located on the grounds of Federal military installations. The Secretary would submit a report on the results of the assessment to the congressional defense committees not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary to submit the report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. Subtitle H—Military Family Readiness Matters Department of Defense Military Family Readiness Council matters (sec. 571) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 571) that would amend paragraphs (1)(B) and (2) of subsection (b) of section 1781a of title 10, United States Code, to: (1) Authorize a change in membership of the Military Family Readiness Council (MFRC); and (2) Change the term of service from 3 years to 2 years for military family organizations serving on the MFRC. The provision would also amend subsection (d), paragraph 2, of such section to require the MFRC to review and make recommendations to the Secretary of Defense to improve collaboration, awareness, and promotion of accurate and timely military family readiness information and support services by policy makers, service providers, and targeted beneficiaries. Finally, the provision would amend subsection (e) of such section to change the submission date for the MFRC’s annual report from February 1 to July 1 of each year. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Enhancement and clarification of family support services for family members of members of special operations forces (sec. 572) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 561) that would amend section 1788a of title 10, United States Code, to provide greater flexibility to support the family requirements of Special Operations personnel by increasing the funds available for such activities under Major Force Program 11 from $5.0 million to $10.0 million. This section would also define the term ‘‘family support services’’ to provide clarity and authorize proper expenditures of appropriated funds. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 566) that would modify section 1788a of title 10, United States Code, pertaining to the authority for the Commander, U.S. Special Operations Command to conduct support programs for immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces. The modification was intended to clarify the types of support services that are authorized under this program. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would increase the amounts available for Major Force Program 11 from $5.0 million to $10.0 million to support programs for immediate family members of members of the Armed Forces assigned to special operations forces and would also define the term ‘‘family support services’’ to provide clarity and authorize proper expenditures of appropriated funds. Temporary expansion of authority for noncompetitive appointments of military spouses by Federal agencies (sec. 573) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 569) that would expand the authority for noncompetitive appointments of military spouses by federal agencies during the 2year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 568) that would amend section 3330d of title 5, United States Code, to authorize the head of a Federal agency to appoint noncompetitively either a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces on Active Duty or a spouse of a disabled or deceased member of the Armed Forces. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Director of the Office of Personnel Management to: (1) Monitor the number of such noncompetitive appointments; (2) Require the head of each agency with authority to make such appointments under this provision to submit an annual report to the Director, which includes information on the number of individuals appointed, types of positions filled, and the effectiveness of the authority for such appointments; and (3) Submit a report, not later than 2 and 4 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Homeland Security and Government Affairs of the Senate on the effectiveness of this authority. Finally, the amendment would require the Director to treat nonrelocating spouses as relocating spouses under this authority and would authorize limitation of the number of appointments of such spouses. The amended provision would sunset on the date that is 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. Improvement of My Career Advancement Account program for military spouses (sec. 574) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 569) that would require the Secretary of Defense to take appropriate actions to ensure that military spouses eligible for participation in the My Career Advancement Account (MyCAA) program are made aware of the program. The provision would require the Comptroller General of the United States to submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives within 180 days of the date of the enactment of this Act, providing recommendations regarding mechanisms: (1) To increase awareness of the program among eligible military spouses; and (2) To increase participation in the program. Additionally, the provision would require the service secretaries to take actions to ensure career counselors at military installations receive appropriate training and current information on eligibility and benefits utilization under the MyCAA program, including financial assistance for the costs associated with portability of occupational licenses, professional credentials exams, and professional recertification. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment. Assessment and report on the effects of permanent changes of station on employment among military spouses (sec. 575) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 565) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to Congress assessing the effects that frequent permanent changes of station of servicemembers have on employment of military spouses. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct an assessment and to provide a report by February 1, 2019, to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives assessing the effects that permanent changes of station have on employment of military spouses. Provisional or interim clearances to provide childcare services at military childcare centers (sec. 576) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 573) that would require the Secretary of Defense to implement a policy to permit the issuance of clearances, on a provisional or interim basis, for the provision of supervised childcare services by personnel at military childcare centers. This provision would provide that any clearance issued under the policy shall be temporary and contingent upon the satisfaction of the requirements for issuance of a clearance on a permanent basis. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Multidisciplinary teams for military installations on child abuse and other domestic violence (sec. 577) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 572) that would require the service secretaries to establish and maintain multidisciplinary teams on child abuse and other domestic violence at military installations to: (1) Share information among teams and other appropriate personnel regarding the progress of investigations and the resolution of incidents of child abuse and other domestic violence involving members of the Armed Forces stationed at or assigned to installations; (2) Provide for and enhance collaborative efforts among teams and other appropriate personnel of the installations regarding investigations into and resolution of incidents; (3) Enhance the social services available to military families at the installations in connection with incidents, including through the enhancement of cooperation among specialists and other personnel providing services to military families in connection with incidents; and (4) Conduct other duties regarding the response to child abuse and other domestic violence at the installations as the Secretary concerned considers appropriate. The provision would prescribe the composition, expertise and training, and ongoing responsibilities (including coordination and collaboration with nonmilitary 
services or resources on child abuse or other domestic violence) of teams. Additionally, the provision would require each Secretary concerned to submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, not later than March 1, each year through 2022, on the activities of multidisciplinary teams under their jurisdiction during the preceding year. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment. Pilot program for military families: prevention of child abuse and training on safe childcare practices (sec. 578) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 574) that would require the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Defense Health Agency, to conduct a pilot program at military installations to assess the feasibility and advisability of universal home visits to provide eligible covered beneficiaries and their families training on safe childcare practices aimed at: (1) Reducing child abuse and fatalities due to abuse and neglect; (2) Assessing risk factors for child abuse; and (3) Connecting families with community resources to meet identified needs. The provision would prescribe the scope and elements of the pilot program, including the requirement for home visits of eligible beneficiaries by a team led by a nurse, whenever practicable. The Secretary would be required to inform all eligible beneficiaries of the program and participation in the program would be at the election of the beneficiary. In conducting the pilot program, the Secretary would carry out not fewer than five implementation assessments to assess the feasibility of the elements and requirements of the program. These assessments would occur at not less than 5 military installations and conclude not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Secretary would submit an initial report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, which describes how the Department would carry out the program. The Department would then submit a final report to the same committees not later than 180 days after completion of the pilot program. Finally, the provision would require the Secretary to implement the pilot program at all military installations if he determines that any element of the program is effective. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a pilot program of up to 2 years duration at no fewer than five military installations to: (1) Provide information regarding safe childcare practices to covered households; (2) Identify and assess risk factors for child abuse in covered households; and (3) Facilitate connections between covered households and community resources. The amendment would require an initial and final report of the pilot program, as specified above, and would require the Secretary to implement an element of the program permanently if he determines it is effective. Assessment and report on small business activities of military spouses on military installations in the United States (sec. 579) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 576) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to Congress providing an assessment of the feasibility and advisability of permitting military spouses to engage in small business activities on military installations in the United States in partnership with commissaries, exchange stores, and other morale, welfare, and recreation facilities of the Armed Forces. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary to provide the report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than March 1, 2019. Subtitle I—Decorations and Awards Atomic veterans service certificate (sec. 581) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 560) that would require the Secretary of Defense to design and produce an Atomic Veterans Service Medal to honor retired and former servicemembers who are radiation exposed veterans. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense to design and produce an Atomic Veterans Service Certificate to honor retired and former servicemembers who are radiation exposed veterans. The conferees encourage the Secretary to consider an appropriate medal or award to recognize radiationexposed servicemembers. Award of medals or other commendations to handlers of military working dogs (sec. 582) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 573) that would require the Secretary of each military department to provide for the award of one or more medals or other commendations to handlers of military working dogs, and to military working dogs, to recognize valor or meritorious achievement by such handlers and dogs. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 582) that would require the Secretary of each military department to establish a program for awarding one or more medals or other commendations to handlers of military working dogs. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify that the Secretary may use an existing award to carry out the program. Authorization for award of distinguishedservice cross to Justin T. Gallegos for acts of valor during Operation Enduring Freedom (sec. 583) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 574) that would authorize the Secretary of the Army to award the Distinguished Service Cross to Justin T. Gallegos for acts of valor while serving in Afghanistan on October 3, 2009. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 581) that would authorize the Secretary of the Army to award the Distinguished Service Cross to Staff Sergeant Justin T. Gallegos for acts of valor while serving in Afghanistan on October 3, 2009. The Senate recedes. Subtitle J—Miscellaneous Reports and Other Matters Annual defense manpower requirements report matters (sec. 591) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 502) that would amend section 115a of title 10, United States Code, to require the Annual Defense Manpower Requirements Report be submitted on the same day as the date on which the President submits the budget request for the next fiscal year to Congress. The provision would also require the Secretary of Defense to include two new elements in the Annual Defense Manpower Requirements Report. These new elements are: (1) The anticipated promotion opportunity for officer promotion boards expected to occur during the upcoming fiscal year; and (2) The number of officers required to serve during the upcoming fiscal year in the rank of major, lieutenant colonel, and colonel for the Army, Air Force, and Marine Corps and lieutenant commander, commander, and captain for the Navy. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Annual Defense Manpower Requirements Report to include a specification of anticipated promotion opportunity for officer promotion boards expected to occur during the upcoming fiscal year. The amendment would also require the report to be submitted on the same day as the date on which the President submits the budget request for the next fiscal year to Congress. Burial of unclaimed remains of inmates at the United States Disciplinary Barracks Cemetery, Fort Leavenworth, Kansas (sec. 592) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 596) that would amend section 985 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize burial at the United States Disciplinary Barracks Cemetery at Fort Leavenworth, Kansas, of the remains of military prisoners unclaimed by a person authorized to direct disposition of the remains or by other persons legally authorized to dispose of the remains. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Standardization of frequency of academy visits of the Air Force Academy Board of Visitors with academy visits of boards of other military service academies (sec. 593) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 592) that would amend section 9355 of title 10, United States Code, to require the United States Air Force Academy Board of Visitors to visit the Air Force Academy at least annually. This provision would align United States Air Force Academy Board of Visitor meeting requirements with other military service academies. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. National Commission on Military, National, and Public Service matters (sec. 594) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 595) that would amend sections 551 and 555 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) to revise certain definitions and procedural requirements related to the National Commission on Military, National, and Public Service. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Public availability of topline numbers of deployed members of the Armed Forces (sec. 595) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 581) that would require the Secretary of Defense to publicly make available the topline numbers of members of the Armed Forces deployed for each country. The Secretary would be able to waive the requirement in the case of a sensitive military operation if he determines the public disclosure of such numbers could reasonably be expected to provide an operational military advantage to an adversary, or the members of the Armed Forces are deployed for less than 30 days. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide notification to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives of any waivers issued to 
the requirement to make topline number of deployed servicemembers publicly available. Report on general and flag officer costs (sec. 596) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 583) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the costs of supporting general and flag officers. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Study on active service obligations for medical training with other service obligations for education or training and health professional recruiting (sec. 597) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 552) that would amend sections 2114(d) and 2123(b) of title 10, United States Code, to require that commissioned service obligations incurred as a result of participation in a military intern, residency, or fellowship training program shall be served consecutively with other commissioned service obligations incurred for education or training. This provision would apply to individuals beginning participation in medical training programs on or after January 1, 2020. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Comptroller General of the United States to submit a briefing and report on the effects of consecutive service on ActiveDuty service obligations for medical training, as they relate to other service obligations for education and training, to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Criteria for interment at Arlington National Cemetery (sec. 598) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 582) that would require the Secretary of the Army, not later than September 30, 2019, to prescribe revised interment criteria for Arlington National Cemetery that preserve Arlington National Cemetery as an active burial ground well into the future. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Limitation on use of funds pending submittal of report on Army Marketing and Advertising Program (sec. 599) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 585) that would prohibit the Secretary of the Army from obligating 40 percent of funds available for the Army Marketing and Research Group (AMRG) for fiscal year 2019 until the Secretary of the Army submits a report on the recommendations of the Army Audit Agency audit of the Army’s Marketing and Advertising Program to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives. The Senate bill contained a similar provision (sec. 892). The Senate recedes. While the Secretary of the Army completes the report required under this provision, the conferees strongly encourage the Secretary to continue proactively identifying and adopting the best practices of commercial marketing techniques to better identify eligible populations. Such efforts should include a focus on methods that use data to most effectively identify, reach, and engage potential recruits through digital and other forms of advertising to address recruiting shortfalls due to misdirected marketing campaigns. Proof of period of military service for purposes of interest rate limitation under the Servicemembers Civil Relief Act (sec. 600) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 596) that would amend section 3937(b)(1) of title 50, United States Code, to authorize verification of a servicemember’s active duty status utilizing information retrieved from the Defense Manpower Database Center. The provision would also provide safe harbor to creditors that, on the basis of information obtained from the Defense Manpower Database Center, fail to treat the debt of a servicemember in accordance with interest rate limitations provided elsewhere in this section. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  Repeal of codified specification of authorized strengths of certain commissioned officers on active duty The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 501) that would amend section 523 of title 10, United States Code, to require the Congress to annually authorize the number of officers serving in the grades of major, lieutenant colonel, and colonel in the Army, Air Force, and Marine Corps or lieutenant commander, commander, and captain in the Navy. This provision would repeal the authorized officer strength table, including all of the previous exceptions to the officer strength table. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Deferred deployment for members who give birth The House bill contained a provision (sec. 504) that would standardize new mother deployment deferral policy across the military services, to include the Coast Guard. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Retention of military technicians who lose dual status under certain circumstances The House bill contained a provision (sec. 506) that would amend section 10216 of title 10, United States Code, to prevent dualstatus military technicians who reach their timeinservice end date from losing their jobs due to separation from military service. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Demonstration program on accession of candidates with auditory impairments as Air Force officers The House bill contained a provision (sec. 507) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to assess the feasibility and advisability of permitting individuals with auditory impairments (including deafness) to access as officers of the Air Force. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report on rate of maternal mortality among members of the Armed Forces The House bill contained a provision (sec. 508) that would require a report from the Secretary of Defense on the rate of maternal mortality among members of the Armed Forces and their dependents not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, within 180 days of the date of the enactment of this Act, a report, which includes data on maternal (pregnancy related) and infant mortality rates in the direct and purchased care sectors of the military health system (MHS) and provides a comparison with maternal (pregnancyrelated) and infant mortality rates in the United States. The report should include recommendations for decreasing those rates throughout the MHS. Competitive category matters The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 508) that would amend section 621 of title 10, United States Code, to require that service secretaries establish competitive categories by grouping officers occupying similar qualifications, specialties, occupations, or ratings. The provision would also prohibit the practice of requiring service secretaries to provide consistent promotion timing or promotion opportunity among various competitive categories in each military Service. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Promotion zone matters The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 509) that would amend section 623 of title 10, United States Code, to require service secretaries to align officer promotion zones with desired officer management outcomes described in the Annual Defense Manpower Requirements Report. The provision would also prohibit service secretaries from determining the number of officers in a promotion zone on the basis of the year in which officers receive their original appointment to their current grade, a practice commonly referred as ‘‘year group management.’’ The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Placement of National Guard military technicians (dual status) in the competitive service The House bill contained a provision (sec. 511) that would amend section 10508 of title 10, United States Code, to designate dualstatus military technician positions that were required to be converted to civilian employees under title 5, United States Code, in the fiscal year 2017 and 2018 National Defense Authorization Acts as competitive, not excepted, service positions. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. National Guard Youth Challenge program The House bill contained a provision (sec. 515) that would amend section 509(k) of title 32, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Defense to evaluate the pilot Jobs Challenge Programs and submit a report of findings and recommendations to Congress not later than 120 days after the end of each fiscal year. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Use of National Guard in case of a major disaster or request from a State governor The House bill contained a provision (sec. 517) that would require the President to order members of the National Guard to full time National Guard duty or Active Guard and Reserve duty if the Governor of the State requests such an order and the President declares that a major disaster exists. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Funding of National Guard in case of a major disaster or emergency declared under the Stafford Act The House bill contained an provision (sec. 518) that would amend section 403(c) of the 
Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (Public Law 100–707) to authorize the President to make contributions to a State or local government for the purpose of reimbursing the Department of Defense for expenditures that arise from use of members of the National Guard and Reserve to respond to a major disaster declared by the President. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that similar authority to reimburse State or local governments for disaster relief services provided by the Department of Defense already exists under section 5170b of title 42, United States Code. Pilot program for Explosive Ordnance Disposal qualified members of the Army National Guard to support civil authorities The House bill contained a provision (sec. 519) that would authorize the Secretary of the Army to carry out a pilot program under which Explosive Ordnance Disposalqualified members of the Army National Guard may conduct planning and immediate response defense support to civil authorities. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Correction of military records website The House bill contained a provision (sec. 524) that would amend section 1552(a)(5) of title 10, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Defense to publish an indexed summary of each Board for Correction of Military Records decision. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note the substantial changes that have been made to the boards for correction of military records and discharge review boards over the past several years. While these provisions have greatly enhanced an applicant’s ability to have their application thoroughly and fairly considered by the board, it has also increased the processing time for these actions. These additional protections, coupled with the boards’ staff and information technology limitations, have resulted in several of the boards repeatedly failing to meet congressionally mandated processing times. As a result, the conferees direct the secretaries of the military departments to each provide a report by February 1, 2019, analyzing the causes of their backlogs, what efforts are being undertaken to remedy these backlogs, and what additional resources are needed to meet congressionallymandated processing times. Modification of DD Form 214 to include email addresses The House bill contained a provision (sec. 525) that would require the Secretary of Defense to modify the Certificate of Release or Discharge from Active Duty (DD Form 214) to include a specific block explicitly identified as the location in which a member of the Armed Forces may provide one or more email addresses by which the member may be contacted. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Public availability of reports related to senior leader misconduct The House bill contained a provision (sec. 526) that would require the Secretary of Defense and the Secretaries of the military departments to publish, on a public website, redacted reports of substantiated investigations of misconduct in which the subject of the investigation was an officer in the grade of O–7 and above, including officers who have been selected for promotion to O–7, or a civilian member of the Senior Executive Service. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Appointment and training of personnel to staff the Board of Corrections for Military and Naval Records The House bill contained a provision (sec. 527) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the service secretaries and the Joint Chiefs, to provide for the appointment and training of qualified personnel to join the staff of the Boards of Correction for Military and Naval Records, and would authorize $3.0 million to carry out the training. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees encourage the service secretaries to ensure that individuals assigned to these boards are carefully selected from individuals with appropriate experience and that they are trained to perform those duties. Entrepreneurial sabbatical for scientists employed at defense laboratories The House bill contained a provision (sec. 528) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to prescribe regulations that permit scientists employed at defense laboratories to take unpaid sabbaticals to work in the private sector. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Department of Defense to provide a report within a year of the enactment of this Act on the execution of existing authorities for sabbaticals across the Department of Defense laboratories. The committees note their support for entrepreneurial leave practices and activities at Army Research Lab and the Department of Energy laboratory system, as well as industry and academic exchange programs. Completion of Department of Defense Directive 2310.07E regarding missing persons The House bill contained a provision (sec. 529) that would require the Secretary of Defense to complete Department of Defense Directive 2310.07E in order to improve the efficiency of locating missing persons. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Minimum confinement period required for conviction of certain sexrelated offenses committed by members of the Armed Forces The House bill contained a provision (sec. 531) that would amend section 856(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code (article 56(b)(1) of the Uniform Code of Military Justice), to require a minimum confinement period of 2 years for individuals convicted of certain sexrelated offenses. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Modification of Military Rules of Evidence to exclude admissibility of general military character toward probability of innocence in any offense not strictly related to performance of military duties The House bill contained a provision (sec. 534) that would amend Rule 404(a) of the Military Rules of Evidence contained in the Manual for CourtsMartial to provide that the general military character of an accused is not admissible for the purpose of showing the probability of innocence of the accused unless the offense is strictly and solely related to the performance of military duties. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees encourage the Secretary of Defense to direct the Joint Service Committee on Military Justice to examine this issue and provide the findings and recommendations of the study to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives no later than February 1, 2019. Repeal of 15year statute of limitations on motions or requests for review of discharge or dismissal from the Armed Forces The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 535) that would amend section 1553 of title 10, United States Code, to repeal the 15year statute of limitations on filing claims for review of a discharge or dismissal by service discharge review boards. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Treatment of claims relating to military sexual trauma in correction of military records and review of discharge or dismissal proceedings The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 536) that would amend sections 1552 and 1553 of title 10, United States Code, to clarify the treatment of claims for review of a discharge or dismissal relating to military sexual trauma in correction of military records and review of discharge or dismissal proceedings. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Consideration of application for transfer for a student of a military service academy who is the victim of a sexual assault or related offense The House bill contained a provision (sec. 542) that would require the Secretary concerned to expedite the consideration and approval of an application for an interacademy transfer submitted by a cadet of a military academy who has been the victim of sexual assault. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The Conferees believe that providing an option for a cadet or midshipman, who was sexually assaulted, to request a transfer to another academy should be explored. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to study the feasibility of establishing a process to accommodate such request and provide a briefing on the results of the study to the Committee on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than March 1, 2019. If the Secretary determines it is feasible to establish a process, the briefing should include any legislative authorities required. Protective orders against individuals subject to the Uniform Code of Military Justice The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 544) that would amend chapter 47 of 
title 10, United States Code, to authorize military judges and military magistrates to issue military protective orders. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Definition of military sexual trauma The House bill contained a provision (sec. 547) that would require the Secretaries of Defense and Veterans Affairs to establish a joint definition of ‘‘military sexual trauma’’ for their respective Departments to use in all aspects of delivering care and benefits to members of the Armed Forces and veterans who have suffered that crime. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. 
Consecutive service of service obligation in connection with payment of tuition for offduty training or education for commissioned officers of the Armed Forces with any other service obligations The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 551) that would amend section 2007(b) of title 10, United States Code, to require an ActiveDuty service obligation incurred by an officer for the acceptance of tuition assistance for offduty training or education be served sequentially with any other service obligation already incurred by the officer. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that officers who accept tuition assistance for offduty education incur an active duty service obligation. Tuition assistance is an important retention tool and a particularly valuable benefit at a time when costs for education continue to increase. Therefore the conferees direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a review of retention data associated with officers who accept tuition assistance payments. This review should, at a minimum, include the following elements: (1) The average annual number of officer personnel who accept tuition assistance, (2) The average number of years of commissioned service of officers when beginning to accept tuition assistance, (3) The average number of additional years an officer is retained on active duty following completion of tuition assistance payments; and (4) An assessment of the effect of switching the active duty service obligation for accepting tuition assistance from a policy that allows tuition assistance service obligations to be served concurrent to other service commitments an officer may have, to a policy that requires tuition assistance service obligations be served consecutively with any other active duty service obligation. The conferees direct the Comptroller General of the United States to provide preliminary observations to the Committees on Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives by the end of February 2019. At that time, a final product due date will be determined. Extension of pilot program to assist members in obtaining postservice employment The House bill contained a provision (sec. 555) that would amend section 555 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) to extend the authority for the pilot program under this section to September 30, 2023. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Direct employment pilot program for members of the reserve components and veterans The House bill contained a provision (sec. 556) that would allow the Secretary of Defense to carry out a pilot program that provides enhanced job placement and employment assistance for members of the National Guard and Reserve. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Comptroller General briefing and report on permanent employment assistance centers The House bill contained a provision (sec. 558) that would require the Comptroller General of the United States to provide a briefing to the Armed Services Committees of the Senate and House of Representatives, with a report to follow, on employment assistance required under the law and related information regarding civilian employment certification. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note the importance of ensuring military skills and experience can be applied to gainful civilian employment and therefore direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a review of the employment assistance programs authorized by section 1143 of title 10, United States Code, and to provide preliminary observations to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives by the end of February 2019. At that time, a final product due date will be determined. The review shall include: (1) A description of the content of any relevant databases used to record training performed by servicemembers that may by applicable for future civilian employment; (2) A listing and description, to include usage rates, of employment assistance centers within the Department of Defense (DOD) and Department of Homeland Security (DHS); (3) An assessment of DOD and DHS procedures to release servicemember names and other pertinent information to civilian employers, organizations, and State employment agencies; and (4) An evaluation of the ability of DOD to confirm the accuracy and authenticity of a servicemember’s certifications upon a State’s request within the required 5 business day timeline. Activities to increase awareness of apprenticeship programs The House bill contained a provision (sec. 559) that would require the Secretary of Defense to include, as part of service members’ transition counseling, information on apprenticeship programs and the use of veterans’ benefits to pay for these programs. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that apprenticeships provide a valuable career option for separating servicemembers and encourage the Department of Defense to ensure information on apprenticeship programs, and appropriate funding options, is easily accessible to those servicemembers who may be interested in pursuing an apprenticeship upon separating from the military. Report on availability of college credit for skills acquired during military service The House bill contained a provision (sec. 560A) that would require the Secretary of Defense in consultation with the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Education, and Labor to submit to Congress a report on the transfer of skills into equivalent college credits or technical certifications for members of the Armed Forces leaving the military. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Information regarding county veterans service officers The House bill contained a provision (sec. 560B) that would require the Secretary of Defense to ensure that a separating or retiring member of the Armed Forces may elect to have their Department of Defense form DD– 214 transmitted to the appropriate county veterans service office. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Transition outreach pilot program The House bill contained a provision (sec. 560D) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of Veterans Affairs, Labor, Education, and Homeland Security, and the Administrator of the Small Business Administration, to establish a pilot program through the Transition to Veterans Program Office that fosters contact between veterans and the Department of Defense. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Additional matters for assessment and report on childcare services of the Department of Defense The House bill contained a provision (sec. 562) that would add additional issues for assessment related to military family childcare under the report required by section 575 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that Senate report accompanying S. 2987 (S. Rept. 115–262) directs the Department of Defense to include in its assessment of the use of subsidized, offinstallation childcare services, required by subsection (a) of section 575 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), an assessment on modifying the rate of use of subsidized, off installation childcare services by military families in light of the full implementation of MilitaryChildCare.com, including whether the availability of offinstallation childcare services for military families could be increased by altering policies of the Armed Forces on capping the amount of subsidies for military families for such services based on the cost of living for families and the average cost of civilian childcare services. Flexible maternity and parental leave The House bill contained a provision (sec. 566) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish and implement policies and procedures that permit a military parent to take, if requested by the military parent, flexible and noncontinuous maternity and parental leave. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report on wage determination for certain programs The House bill contained a provision (sec. 567) that would require the Secretary of Defense, acting through the National Guard Bureau, to coordinate with the Secretary of Labor to obtain a wage determination under section 6703(1) of title 41, United States Code for contract workers at Family Assistance Centers, Family Readiness and Support programs, Yellow Ribbon Reintegration programs, and Recruit Sustainment programs. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Education for dependents of certain retired members of the Armed Forces The House bill contained a provision (sec. 568) that would amend section 2164(a) of title 10, United States Code, to allow the Secretary of Defense to enter into arrangements to provide for the elementary or secondary education of the dependents of retirees residing on a military installation if the Secretary determines that appropriate educational programs are not available through a local educational agency. The Senate contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Limitations on authority to revoke certain military decorations awarded to members of the Armed Forces The House bill contained a provision (sec. 571) that would amend chapters 357, 567, and 857 of title 10, United States Code, to add a 
new section that would restrict the President and service secretaries from revoking a military decoration after the actual award of the military decoration to the service member except under limited circumstances. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Authorization for award of Expeditionary Medal to certain Marines for actions on June 8, 1995 The House bill contained a provision (sec. 572) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to award the Armed Forces Expeditionary Medal to a member or former member of the 24th Marine Expeditionary Unit for the mission to rescue Captain Scott O’Grady. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report on awards for costsaving ideas The House bill contained a provision (sec. 575) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on: (1) The total number of awards and commendations presented to any military personnel for a cost saving idea during the prior fiscal year; (2) A total estimate of the total savings as a result of the implementation of costsaving ideas for which an award or commendation was presented; and (3) A description of how the Secretary plans to expand incentive programs for the purpose described in this section and streamline such programs. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees are supportive of recent Department of Defense initiatives to redesign or streamline processes to save taxpayer dollars. However, while major departmentwide savings are important, frequently military and civilian personnel identify smaller cost saving opportunities in the course of performing their normal duties. These costsaving ideas are frequently unnoticed or ignored by the chains of command, resulting in lost opportunities to address needless waste and inefficiency. The conferees encourage service secretaries to take demonstrable steps to empower their personnel to identify and implement costsaving ideas whenever possible, and widely publicize successes to achieve greater savings at scale. Pilot program on participation of military spouses in Transition Assistance Program activities The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 575) that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a pilot program, at not fewer than five military installations, to assess the feasibility and advisability of permitting military spouses to participate in activities under the Transition Assistance Program. The Secretary would carry out the pilot program during the 5year period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. The provision would require the Secretary to submit an initial report describing the pilot program to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives within 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. In addition, the Secretary would submit a final report to the same committees within 6 months after completion of the pilot program. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Eligibility of veterans of Operation End Sweep for Vietnam Service Medal The House bill contained a provision (sec. 576) that would authorize the service secretaries, upon the application of an individual who is a veteran who participated in Operation End Sweep, to award that individual the Vietnam Service Medal. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report on outside employment of senior personnel The House bill contained a provision (sec. 584) that would require the Secretary of Defense to report on senior leader outside employment requests and activities. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Inclusion of blast exposure history in service records The House bill contained a provision (sec. 586) that would require the Secretary of Defense to ensure inclusion of blast exposure history in the service records of members of the Armed Forces in a manner that will assist in determining a service connection for a future illness or injury. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Cybersecurity educational programs and awareness in Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps The House bill contained a provision (sec. 587) that would require the Secretaries of the military departments to encourage the Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps (JROTC) to include cybersecurity educational programs and awareness in the curriculum of the Corps, including lessons on cyber defense, risks of cybersecurity vulnerabilities in the military, and pursuing studies and careers in cybersecurity and related fields within the Department of Defense. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that numerous JROTC programs are already developing cyberrelated educational programs as well as participating in cyber competitions and events. The conferees are supportive of these efforts and encourage service secretaries to search for and develop additional opportunities to provide cyberrelated experience to JROTC participants and units. Publication of guidance and information on housing markets near certain military installations The House bill contained a provision (sec. 588) that would require the Secretary of Defense to develop and make publicly available guidance and information about the housing market around military installations in the continental United States. Such guidance and information shall be designed to assist members of the Armed Forces in better using their basic allowance for housing. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Assistance of States for deploymentrelated support of members of the Armed Forces undergoing deployment and their families beyond the Yellow Ribbon Reintegration Program The House bill contained a provision (sec. 589) that would amend section 582 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181) to require the Secretary of Defense to provide funding to the States to carry out programs that provide deployment cycle information, services, and referrals to servicemembers, in both the active and reserve components, and their families throughout the deployment cycle. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Exemption from repayment of voluntary separation pay The House bill included a provision (sec. 590) that would amend section 1175a(j) of title 10, United States Code, to exempt servicemembers involuntarily recalled to active duty or fulltime National Guard duty, and servicemembers who incur a total serviceconnected disability in the course of such duty from the requirement to repay voluntary separation pay. The Senate amendment included no similar provision. The House recedes. Service of wounded warriors as remotely piloted aircraft pilots or remotely piloted aircraft sensor operators in the Air Force The House bill contained a provision (sec. 591) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to establish a program under which a qualified wounded warrior who faces retirement or separation from the Armed Forces for physical disability may continue, in lieu of such retirement or separation, to serve in the Armed Forces as a remotely piloted aircraft pilot or remotely piloted aircraft sensor operator in the Air Force. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Transportation of remains of casualties; travel expenses for next of kin The House bill contained a provision (sec. 592) that would amend section 562 of the John Warner National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364) to require the Secretary of Defense to extend travel privileges via international travel authorization to family members of servicemembers who die outside of the United States and whose remains are returned to the United States through the mortuary facility at Dover Air Force Base, Delaware. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Garnishment to satisfy judgment rendered for physically, sexually, or emotionally abusing a child The House bill contained a provision (sec. 593) that would amend section 1408 of title 10, United States Code, to remove the limitations on the amount of disposable retired pay that would be subject to garnishment of retired pay to satisfy a judgement rendered for abuse of a child. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that sections 8345 and 8467 of title 5, United States Code, currently 
provide for the garnishment of federal civilian retirement payments, without limitation on the amount of disposable retired pay subject to garnishment, in accordance with the terms of a court order or similar process in the nature of garnishment for the enforcement of a judgment against the annuitant for physically, sexually, or emotionally abusing a child. However, section 1408 of title 10, United States Code, limits the amount of disposable military retired pay subject to garnishment for such judgments to 25 percent. The conferees therefore direct the Secretary of Defense, no later than February 1, 2019, to provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the advisability and feasibility of removing the 25 percent cap on garnishment of disposable military retired pay. Redesignation of the Commandant of the United States Air Force Institute of Technology as President of the United States Air Force Institute of Technology The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 593) that would redesignate the 
Commandant of the United States Air Force Institute of Technology as the President of the United States Air Force Institute of Technology. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Use of mobile applications for training manuals The House bill contained a provision (sec. 594) that would require the Secretary of Defense to encourage the military departments to transition training manuals, emergency guidance, and other publications needed to train members of the Armed Forces to applications on mobile telephones that use innovative technologies and provide for interaction between trainees and information needed to complete training in a manner that is cost efficient. The Senate amendment contained no similar provisions. The House recedes. The conferees are aware of ongoing Department of Defense efforts to transition various manuals and other documents to electronic formats. These efforts are critical to increase the effectiveness of information transfer and better align the Department of Defense with private sector best practices. The conferees urge the Secretary of Defense to continue transitioning all hardcopy manuals, publications, and other documents into electronic format suitable for viewing on mobile devices. Limitation on justifications entered by military recruiters for enlistment or accession of individuals into the Armed Forces The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 594) that would restrict military recruiters from changing the reasons for an individual entering into the Armed Forces to anything other than that individual’s stated reason. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees are concerned with how the Services evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of their marketing efforts. This Act contains a provision requiring the Army to provide a comprehensive evaluation of the Army Marketing and Advertising Program. However, the conferees are concerned that the other Services may also lack sufficient data to properly evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of their marketing efforts. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to provide a briefing, no later than February 1, 2019, on the feasibility and advisability of standardizing the methods for collecting marketing data in support of effectiveness and efficiency evaluations. Addressing attrition levels of women in the military The House bill contained a provision (sec. 595) that would require the Secretary of Defense to develop and carry out an exit survey to be completed by members of the Armed Forces to assist the Secretary to assess the reasons that attrition levels for women are higher than for men at various career points not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report regarding possible improvements to processing retirements and medical discharges The House bill contained a provision (sec. 597) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, to issue a report to the congressional defense committees and the Committees on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate and House of Representatives regarding possible improvements to the transition of members of the Armed Forces to veteran status. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Chaplaincies of the Armed Forces The House bill contained a provision (sec. 598) that would state the purpose of the chaplaincies of the Armed Forces and the requirements to serve as a chaplain in the Armed Forces. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. TITLE VI—C OMPENSATION AND OTHER  PERSONNEL BENEFITS  Subtitle A—Pay and Allowances Repeal of authority for payment of personal money allowances to Navy officers serving in certain positions (sec. 601) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 602) that would amend section 414 of title 37, United States Code, to eliminate additional personal money allowance to certain naval officers serving as President of the Naval Postgraduate School, Commandant of Midshipmen at the Naval Academy, President of the Naval War College, Superintendent of the Naval Academy, or Director of Naval Intelligence. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Eligibility of reserve component members for highdeployment allowance for lengthy or numerous deployments and frequent mobilizations (sec. 602) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 606) that would amend section 436 of title 37, United States Code, to authorize reserve component personnel ordered to Active Duty under section 12304b of title 10, United States Code, to receive a highdeployment allowance for frequent or lengthy deployments. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Prohibition on per diem allowance reductions based on the duration of temporary duty assignment or civilian travel (sec. 603) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 605) that would halt implementation of the 2014 Department of Defense per diem policy, direct the Secretary of Defense to issue a report on options to reduce travel costs, and require notification of any subsequent changes to the per diem policies following the report. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 631) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives by no later than 120 days after enactment of this Act providing a costbenefit analysis of the longterm per diem policy rate change that became effective on November 1, 2014, consistent with the principles and requirements of Office of Management and Budget Circular A–94. The Senate provision would further provide that should the Secretary fail to deliver this analysis within 120 days after enactment of this Act, or if the analysis demonstrates that the costs of this policy change outweigh the benefits, and would continue to outweigh the benefits, then the policy would revert to the policy in effect as of October 31, 2014. The Senate amendment contained another similar provision (sec. 632) that would amend section 474(d)(3) of title 37, United States Code, to prohibit the Department of Defense from reducing per diem rates based on the duration of a temporary duty assignment or civilian travel. The Senate recedes on section 631 of the Senate amendment. The House recedes on section 605 of the House bill and section 632 of the Senate amendment. The conference agreement includes Section 632 of the Senate amendment. Extension of parking expenses allowance to civilian employees at recruiting facilities (sec. 604) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 623) that would amend section 481i of title 37, United States Code, to allow the Secretary of Defense to reimburse military and civilian employees of the Department of Defense for parking expenses at recruiting facilities. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Eligibility of reserve component members for nonreduction in pay while serving in the uniformed services or National Guard (sec. 605) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 607) that would amend section 5538(a) of title 5, United States Code, that would include reserve component personnel ordered to Active Duty under section 12304b of title 10, United States Code, under existing protections preventing reduction in pay while absent from a position of employment with the Federal Government. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Military Housing Privatization Initiative (sec. 606) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 604) that would assure that the Basic Allowance for Housing reduction directed by section 403 of title 10, United States Code, would not take effect in fiscal year 2019, ensuring that the Military Housing Privatization Initiative (MHPI) housing recapitalization efforts are not reduced. The committee remains concerned about the reduction in BAH and its effect on the recapitalization of these housing units. The committee believes that military families must be provided with on base housing that is safe and periodically modernized. Additionally, this section would require the Secretary of Defense to present a plan to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives by December 1, 2018, to provide for a permanent financial solution to the long term MHPI recapitalization problem. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 604) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to pay up to 2 percent of the calculated Basic Allowance for Housing (BAH) rate to specific lessors who provide onbase housing as part of the Military Housing Privatization Initiative (MHPI). The Senate recedes with an amendment that would authorize additional payments only to those MHPI projects in existence on or before September 30, 2014. Subtitle B—Bonuses and Special Incentive Pays Oneyear extension of certain expiring bonus and special pay authorities (sec. 611) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 611) that would extend, through December 31, 2019, income replacement payments for reserve component members experiencing extended and frequent mobilization for Active Duty service; would extend two critical recruitment and retention incentive programs for reserve component health care professionals; would extend accession and retention incentives for nuclearqualified officers; and would extend the consolidated special and incentive pay authorities added to subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 37, United 
States Code, by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181). Additionally, this section would extend the authority of the Secretary of Defense to prescribe a temporary increase in the rates of basic allowance for housing otherwise prescribed for a military housing area or a portion of a military housing area or portion thereof located in an area covered by a declaration by the President of major natural disaster. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 611) that would extend for 1 year the general bonus authority for enlisted members, the general bonus authority for officers, special aviation incentive pay and bonus authorities for officers, special bonus and incentive pay authorities for officers in health professions, and contracting bonus for cadets and midshipmen enrolled in the Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. The Senate provision would also extend for 1 year the authority to pay hazardous duty pay, assignment or special duty pay, skill incentive or proficiency bonus, and retention incentives for members qualified in critical military skills or assigned to high priority units. The Senate provision would also extend for 1 year the authority to pay the nurse officer candidate accession bonus and education loan repayment for certain health professionals who serve in the Selected Reserve. The Senate provision would also extend for 1 year the authority to pay the special bonus and incentive pay for nuclear officers. The Senate provision would also extend for 1 year the authority to pay for income replacement for reserve component members experiencing extended and frequent mobilization for ActiveDuty service. The Senate provision would also extend for 1 year the authority of the Secretary of Defense to temporarily increase the rate of the Basic Allowance for Housing in areas impacted by natural disasters or experiencing a sudden influx of personnel. The Senate recedes. Report on imminent danger pay and hostile fire pay (sec. 612) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 606) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report examining the current processes for awarding imminent danger pay and hostile fire pay to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. The report shall be submitted no later than March 1, 2019. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Subtitle C—Other Matters Extension of certain morale, welfare, and recreation privileges to certain veterans and their caregivers (sec. 621) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 629) that would amend Chapter 54 of title 10, United States Code, to extend eligibility for commissary and morale, welfare, and recreation (MWR) privileges to certain veterans and veterans’ caregivers. This provision would authorize the Secretary to impose a user fee on eligible individuals to purchase merchandise at a commissary or MWR resale facility that would offset any increase in expenses arising from this provision. Additionally, this provision would authorize an appropriation for updating EPACS for military commissaries. This provision would take effect at the end of the 90day period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would: (1) Remove the authorization of an appropriation for updating EPACS; and (2) Require this provision to take effect on January 1, 2020. Technical corrections in calculation and publication of special survivor indemnity allowance cost of living adjustments (sec. 622) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 621) that would amend section 1450(m) of title 10, United States Code, to allow the Department of Defense to make special survivor indemnity allowance cost of living adjustments consistent with the survivor benefit plan and military retired pay. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Authority to award damaged personal protective equipment to members separating from the Armed Forces and veterans as mementos of military service (sec. 623) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 591) that would authorize the Secretary of a military department to award personal protective equipment (PPE) of the member or veteran that was damaged during deployment to veterans or members separating from the Armed Forces. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would make awards available to veterans, only applicable after September 11, 2001, and require any PPE award to be demilitarized and certified as safe prior to awards. Spaceavailable travel on Department of Defense aircraft for veterans with serviceconnected disabilities rated as total (sec. 624) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 622) that would amend section 2641b of title 10, United States Code, to authorize space available travel for disabled veterans with a serviceconnected, permanent disability rated as total. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 570) that would amend section 2641b of title 10, United States Code, to authorize veterans with a permanent service connected total disability rating to travel on military aircraft on a spaceavailable basis. The committee notes that this provision would also ensure the primary purpose of spaceavailable travel remains transporting servicemembers and their dependents. The House recedes. The conferees note with disappointment that the report on this topic mandated by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) is over one year late and reiterate their interest in the results of the requested analysis. Mandatory increase in insurance coverage under Servicemembers’ Group Life Insurance for members deployed to combat theaters of operation (sec. 625) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 603) that would amend section 1967(a)(3) of title 38, United States Code, to mandate, in the case of a member who elects to not be insured under a Servicemembers’ Group Life Insurance (SGLI) plan at the maximum available coverage, an automatic increase in SGLI coverage to the maximum level if the servicemember is deployed to a combat zone. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Access to military installations for certain surviving spouses and other next of kin of members of the Armed Forces who die while on active duty or certain reserve duty (sec. 626) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 621) that would require service secretaries to provide for issuance of a standardized Gold Star Installation Access Card to the widow and dependent children of a deceased servicemember to facilitate their ability to gain unescorted access to military installations for the purpose of attending events, visiting gravesites, and obtaining benefits and services to which they are entitled or eligible. The provision would also authorize service secretaries to provide installation access cards to parents and other next of kin of a deceased servicemember. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 570) that would require the Secretary of Defense, acting jointly with the Secretary of Homeland Security, to establish procedures whereby an eligible surviving spouse and certain other next of kin of members of the Armed Forces may obtain access without escort, as appropriate, to military installations to receive benefits to which they may be entitled by law or policy. This provision would require establishment of such procedures not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. The House recedes with a technical amendment. Study and report on development of a single defense resale system (sec. 627) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 625) that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a study to determine the feasibility of consolidating military resale entities into a single defense resale system. The provision would require the Secretary to provide a report on the study to the congressional defense committees not later than January 1, 2019. Additionally, the provision would prohibit the obligation or expenditure of any funds authorized to be appropriated, or otherwise made available in this Act, for the purpose of implementing consolidation of the military resale entities until October 1, 2019. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  Prompt review of request for imminent danger pay The House bill contained a provision (sec. 601) that would amend section 310 of title 37, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Defense to issue a determination, within 90 days, when a geographic combatant commander submits a request to add a location to the Imminent Danger Pay eligibility list. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that Imminent Danger Pay (IDP) is designed to provide additional compensation to servicemembers on duty in an area in which the member was in imminent danger of being exposed to hostile fire. Despite this statutory language, the Department of Defense has been slow in amending the list of geographic areas where deployed servicemembers would be eligible for IDP. This is particularly troubling given the global nature and geographic unpredictability of today’s conflicts. In 2017, the Department’s delays in modifying its IDP policy resulted in servicemembers deployed to Niger, Mali, and northern Cameroon being ineligible for IDP payments despite suffering several casualties and being routinely exposed to hostile fire. The Department of Defense took nearly 9 months to rectify its error after four servicemembers were killed while deployed to Africa. These delays in updating the Department’s IDP policy caused unnecessary financial frustration and hardship for servicemembers deployed to Africa to include the families of four servicemembers who were tragically killed while deployed to Niger. Therefore the 
committee strongly encourages the Secretary of Defense to make determinations on requests for IDP within ninety days of receiving such requests. Fiscal year 2019 increase in military basic pay The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 601) that would authorize a pay raise of 2.6 percent for all members of the uniformed services effective January 1, 2019. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that current law authorizes automatic military pay raises consistent with the Economic Cost Index, which for calendar year 2019 amounts to a 2.6 percent raise in basic pay for all members of the uniformed services. Application of basic allowance for housing to members of the uniformed services in the Virgin Islands The House bill contained a provision (sec. 602) that would amend section 403 of title 37, United States Code, to apply Basic Allowance for Housing to service members in the Virgin Islands. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Department of Defense proposal for a pay table for members of the Armed Forces using steps in grade based on time in grade rather than time in service The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 603) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a proposal for a time in gradebased pay table for military personnel. This provision would also require the Comptroller General to review the proposal and assess its effect on recruitment and retention. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Modification of authority of President to determine alternative pay adjustment in annual basic pay of members of the uniformed services The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 605) that would amend section 1009(e) of title 37, United States Code, to remove the justification of serious economic conditions affecting the general welfare from the waiver authority of the President to make an alternative pay adjustment. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Sense of Congress regarding the widows’ tax The House bill contained a provision (sec. 607) that would express the sense of Congress that: (1) Surviving spouses and dependent children will not be subject to a full offset of survivor benefit plan payments by dependency and indemnity compensation; and (2) Congress must work to eliminate the widows’ tax entirely. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees agree that Congress should work to eliminate the full offset of survivor benefit plan payments by dependency and indemnity compensation. Reevaluation of BAH for the military housing area including Staten Island The House bill contained a provision (sec. 608) that would require the Secretary of Defense to reevaluate the rate of basic allowance for housing for the military housing area that includes Staten Island, New York. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Temporary adjustment in rate of basic allowance for housing following identification of significant underdetermination of civilian housing costs for housing areas The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 608) that would amend section 403(b) of title 37, United States Code, to allow the Secretary of Defense to temporarily adjust current rates of Basic Allowance for Housing (BAH) for a military housing area if the Secretary determines that the actual costs of adequate housing in that military housing area differ from current BAH rates by more than 20 percent. This authority provided by this provision would expire on December 31, 2019. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Compensation and credit for retired pay purposes for maternity leave taken by members of the reserve components The House bill contained a provision (sec. 609) that would amend section 206(a) of title 37, United States Code, to authorize compensation to members of the reserve component during periods of maternity leave. The provision would also require the period of maternity leave taken by a member of the reserve component count towards the servicemember’s entitlement to retired pay. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Advisory boards regarding military commissaries and exchanges The House bill contained a provision (sec. 624) that would require the Secretary of Defense to direct each commanding officer of a military installation with a military commissary or exchange to establish an advisory board comprised of representatives from military or veterans service organizations to advise the commanding officer regarding the interests of patrons and beneficiaries of commissaries and exchanges. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Designation of new beneficiary under the Survivor Benefit Plan The House bill contained a provision (sec. 626) that would amend section 1448(b)(1) of title 10, United States Code, to allow the election of a new beneficiary under the Survivor Benefit Plan by a terminally ill participant. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report regarding management of military commissaries and exchanges The House bill contained a provision (sec. 627) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report regarding management of military commissaries and exchanges to the congressional defense committees within 180 days of the date of the enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Access for veterans to certain fitness centers The House bill contained a provision (sec. 628) that would amend Chapter 152 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize the service secretaries to grant veterans access to a fitness center within their jurisdiction under certain conditions prescribed in the provision. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. T ITLE VII—H EALTH CAREPROVISIONS  Subtitle A—Tricare and Other Health Care Benefits Cessation of requirement for mental health assessment of members after redeployment from a contingency operation upon discharge or release from the Armed Forces (sec. 701) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 704) that would amend section 1074m(a)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code, to remove the termination date for the provision of mental health assessments (MHA) for members of the Armed Forces deployed in support of a contingency operation. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 723) that would amend section 1074m of title 10, United States Code, to eliminate the requirement to provide an MHA to a servicemember after redeployment if the individual has been discharged from military service. The conferees note that, under current law, there is no requirement to provide an MHA to a servicemember 90 to 180 days after redeployment if the individual has been discharged; however, the cessation of the requirement to provide an MHA after a member has been discharged does not currently apply to MHAs required at 180 days to 18 months after redeployment and 18 months to 30 months after redeployment. The House recedes. Pilot program on treatment of members of the Armed Forces for posttraumatic stress disorder related to military sexual trauma (sec. 702) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 702) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to conduct a pilot program, not to extend beyond 3 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, to assess the feasibility and advisability of using intensive outpatient programs to treat members of the Armed Forces suffering from posttraumatic stress disorder resulting from military sexual trauma, including treatment for substance use disorder, depression, and other issues related to those conditions. Under this provision, the pilot program would be carried out through partnerships with public, private, and nonprofit health care organizations, universities, or institutions that: (1) Provide health care to members of the Armed Forces; (2) Provide evidencebased treatment for psychological and neurological conditions common to members of the Armed Forces; (3) Provide health care, support, and other benefits to family members of members of the Armed Forces; and (4) Provide health care under the TRICARE program. The provision would establish pilot program activities and would require the Secretary to install evaluation metrics before commencement of the program. In addition, the provision would require the Secretary to submit an initial report describing the pilot program to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Secretary would then submit a final report to the same committees not later than 180 days after completion of the pilot program. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 705). The Senate recedes. Subtitle B—Health Care Administration Improvement of administration of the Defense Health Agency and military medical treatment facilities (sec. 711) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 711) that would amend section 1073 of title 10, United States Code, by requiring the Department of Defense to transition administration of military medical treatment facilities 
(MTFs) from the service secretaries to the Director of the Defense Health Agency (DHA) by September 30, 2020. This provision would prohibit the Secretary of Defense from closing or limiting services in any MTF until completion of a transition certification process. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 711) that would amend section 1073c(a) of title 10, United States Code, to improve and enhance the administration of the DHA and MTFs. Under this provision, the DHA would have the following additional authorities to: (1) Direct, control, and serve as the primary rater of the performance of commanders or directors of MTFs; (2) Direct and control any intermediary organizations between the Defense Health Agency and MTFs; (3) Determine the scope of medical care provided at each MTF to meet the military personnel readiness requirements of the senior military operational commander of the military installation; (4) Determine total workforce requirements at each MTF; (5) Direct joint manning at MTFs and intermediary organizations; (6) Establish training and skills sustainment venues for military medical personnel; (7) Address personnel staffing shortages at MTFs; and (8) Approve service nominations for commanders or directors of MTFs. The provision would also amend section 1073c(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code, to require the DHA Director to ensure that the DHA meets the military personnel readiness requirements of the senior military operational commanders of military installations. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the DHA Director to assume responsibility for the administration of each MTF by September 30, 2021, and would prescribe additional authorities for the DHA Director. The amendment would limit closure or downsizing of MTFs until such time the Secretary submits to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report, which describes the methodology and criteria to close or downsize an MTF. The amendment would prohibit such closure or downsizing until 90 days after the date on which the Secretary submits the report to the committees. In addition, the amendment would prescribe the following subordinate organizations within the DHA: (1) Defense Health Agency Research and Development; and (2) Defense Health Agency Public Health. The amendment would require the Secretary, not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to submit a report to the same committees on the feasibility of establishing an additional subordinate DHA organization, Defense Health Agency Education and Training, led by the President of the Uniformed Services University of the Health Sciences. Finally, the amendment would require the Secretary, not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to submit a report to the same committees on the feasibility of establishing a Defense Health Command as a superseding organization to the Defense Health Agency. Organizational framework of the military healthcare system to support medical requirements of the combatant commands (sec. 712) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 712) that would require the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Director of the Defense Health Agency (Director), to commence implementation, not later than October 1, 2018, of an organizational framework of the military health system that: (1) Effectively implements chapter 55 of title 10, United States Code; (2) Maximizes interoperability; and (3) Fully integrates the medical capabilities of the Armed Forces to enhance joint military medical operations in support of combatant command requirements. The provision would authorize the Director to conduct a phased implementation, in compliance with section 1073c of title 10, United States Code, of a new organizational framework with full implementation required not later than October 1, 2020. The provision would establish no more than three health readiness regions in the continental United States, and each region would be led by a commander or director appointed to a grade no higher than major general or rear admiral. Each military department would nominate qualified individuals to serve in those positions, and the Director would select those individuals to serve as health readiness regional commanders or directors under the authority, direction, and control of such Director. Under this provision, the Director would establish a regional hub at a major military medical center in each region to provide complex, specialized medical services. Each regional hub would be geographically located to maximize medical support to combatant commands. The provision would authorize the Director to establish or maintain additional medical centers in locations with large beneficiary populations or locations that serve as the primary readiness platforms of the Armed Forces. In addition, this provision would authorize the Director to establish up to two health readiness regions outside the continental United States. The provision would prescribe certain additional duties and responsibilities of the Director related to readiness, operational medicine support, and beneficiary healthcare delivery. Moreover, the provision would require the Secretary of Defense, through the service secretaries, to disestablish the medical departments of the Services, and any subordinate commands or organizations, not later than October 1, 2019, and to establish operational medical force readiness organizations in each service, led by the Services’ Surgeons General. These organizations would have no command authority. Finally, the provision would prescribe the responsibilities of the Services’ operational medical force readiness organizations. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary to establish not more than four defense health regions, two regions in the continental United States and two regions outside the continental United States. Additionally, the amendment would prescribe certain additional duties for the Surgeons General of the Armed Forces related to: (1) Assignment of uniformed medical and dental personnel to military medical treatment facilities; (2) Ensuring operational medical force readiness of medical and dental personnel; (3) Providing logistical support for operational deployment of medical and dental personnel; (4) Providing oversight of mobilization and demobilization of deployed medical and dental personnel; (5) Conducting operational medical and dental force development; (6) Ensuring that operational medical force readiness organizations of the Armed Forces support medical and dental readiness responsibilities of the Director; (7) Developing operational capabilities and policy required to support the warfighter; and (8) Providing health professionals to serve in leadership positions across the military health system. The amendment would require the Secretary, not later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, which provides: (1) A description of the organizational structure of the office of each Surgeon General of the Armed Forces and any subordinate organizations that will support the functions and responsibilities of a Surgeon General, while avoiding duplication of functions and tasks of the Defense Health Agency; (2) Pre and postimplementation manning documents for staffing the organizational structure prescribed in this provision; and (3) Recommendations for legislative or administrative action in connection with the implementation of such organizational structure. Administration of TRICARE dental plans through the Federal Employees Dental and Vision Insurance Program (sec. 713) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 702) that would amend section 8951(8) of title 5, United States Code, to authorize eligibility of ActiveDuty family members, nonactivated National Guard/Reserve members, family members of National Guard/Reserve members, and certain survivors under the Federal Employees Dental Insurance Program (FEDVIP) beginning on or after January 1, 2022. This provision would also amend subsection (b) of section 1076(a) of title 10, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Defense to administer TRICARE’s dental insurance plans, through an agreement with the Director of the Office of Personnel Management (OPM), to allow eligible beneficiaries to enroll in an insurance plan under chapter 89A of title 5, United States Code, in accordance with terms (to the extent practicable as defined by the Director through regulation) prescribed by the Secretary, including terms consistent with subsection (d) and, to the extent practicable in relation to chapter 89A, other provisions of this section. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense, not later than January 1, 2020, to submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report on the transition of the administration of the TRICARE dental insurance plan for retirees from administration by the Department of Defense to the OPM as part of the FEDVIP. The report should include: (1) A description of lessons learned from transition of the TRICARE dental insurance plan for retirees to administration by the OPM; (2) An assessment of the effectiveness of such transition; and (3) A timeline for the implementation plan for transition of administration of TRICARE dental plans to administration as part of FEDVIP. Streamlining of TRICARE Prime beneficiary referral process (sec. 714) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 713) that would require the Secretary of Defense to streamline the process under section 1095f of title 10, United States Code, by which TRICARE Prime beneficiaries are referred to the civilian provider network for inpatient and outpatient care under the TRICARE program. The provision would prescribe certain objectives for the streamlined referral process and require implementation in calendar year 2019. Additionally, the provision would require the Secretary to conduct an annual evaluation of the referral process and make improvements to the process as a result of the annual evaluation. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would maintain the requirement in the referral process for rightoffirstrefusal by military medical treatment facilities. Sharing of information with State prescription drug monitoring programs (sec. 715) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 712) that would amend section 1074g of title 
10, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Defense to establish and operate a prescription drug monitoring program for prescription drugs provided under the Department of Defense’s pharmacy benefits program and to share prescription information with State prescription drug monitoring programs. The provision would authorize the Secretary to treat the disclosure of patient specific information as a permitted disclosure for purposes of the health privacy regulations promulgated under the Health Insurance Portability and Accountability Act of 1996 (Public Law 104–191). The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 714). The House recedes. Pilot program on opioid management in the military health system (sec. 716) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 736) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees regarding the actions taken by the Department of Defense to prevent and treat opioid use among dependents of members of the Armed Forces. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 704) that would require the Director of the Defense Health Agency to implement a comprehensive pilot program, for a period of not more than 3 years, to minimize early opioid exposure in beneficiaries under the TRICARE program and to prevent misuse or abuse of opioid medications. The pilot program would begin within 180 days of the date of the enactment of this Act, and it would include elements to maximize opioid safety across the entire continuum of care, consisting of patient, physician or dentist, and pharmacist. Additionally, the provision would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, not later than 180 days before the completion of the pilot program, describing the conduct of the program. Finally, the provision would authorize the Director to implement the pilot program on a permanent basis if the Director determines that the pilot program successfully reduces early opioid exposure in TRICARE beneficiaries and prevents progression to misuse or abuse of opioid medications. The House recedes with an amendment that would remove the requirement for the Department to provide beneficiaries with in home disposal kits to deactivate excess opioids. Wounded warrior policy review (sec. 717) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 715) that would require the Secretary of Defense, within 180 days of the date of the enactment of this Act, to review and update policies and procedures relating to the care and management of recovering servicemembers. The Secretary and the service secretaries would then jointly submit a report, not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the review, which would include a description of any policies updated as a result of the review. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Medical simulation technology and live tissue training within the Department of Defense (sec. 718) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 725) that would require the Secretary of Defense to use medical simulation technology before the use of live tissue training to train medical professionals and combat medics of the Department of Defense (DOD). The provision would authorize live tissue training within DOD as determined necessary by the medical chain of command. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary to use medical simulation technology within DOD, to the greatest extent practicable, before the use of live tissue training. Improvements to trauma center partnerships (sec. 719) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 714) that would amend section 708(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) to clarify the authority of the Secretary of Defense to enter into partnership agreements with civilian trauma centers for the training of combat trauma teams. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Improvement to notification to Congress of hospitalization of combatwounded members of the Armed Forces (sec. 720) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 713) that would amend section 1074l(a) of title 10, United States Code, to require notification to appropriate Members of Congress of hospitalization of combatwounded servicemembers admitted to any military medical treatment facility. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Subtitle C—Reports and Other Matters Extension of authority for Joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund (sec. 731) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 723) that would extend the authority for the joint Department of Defense—Department of Veterans Affairs Demonstration Fund from September 30, 2019, to September 30, 2020. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 721) The Senate recedes. Joint forces medical capabilities development and standardization (sec. 732) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 716) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the service secretaries and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to develop a process to establish joint medical capabilities for members of the Armed Forces that meet the operational planning requirements of the combatant commanders. The Secretary would submit a report, which describes the process, to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives by March 1, 2019. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would establish: (1) A timeline for the Secretary to develop a process to establish required joint force medical capabilities for members of Armed Forces that meet the operational planning requirements of the combatant commanders; and (2) A later date for providing the report to the committees. Inclusion of gambling disorder in health assessments of members of the Armed Forces and related research efforts (sec. 733) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 724) that would require the Secretary of Defense to incorporate medical screening questions specific to gambling disorder into the annual periodic health assessment conducted by the Department of Defense for members of the Armed Forces. The provision would also require the Secretary to incorporate gambling disorder questions into ongoing research efforts, including by restoring such questions into healthrelated behavior surveys of ActiveDuty and reserve component personnel. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 727). The Senate amendment, however, would also require the Secretary to submit a report to the congressional defense committees, within 2 years of the date of the enactment of this Act, which describes efforts made to comply with the provision and provides findings of assessments and surveys with respect to prevalence of gambling disorder among members of the Armed Forces. The House recedes with an amendment that would incorporate medical screening questions specific to gambling disorder: (1) In the next annual periodic health assessment conducted by the Department during the 1year period beginning 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) The Health Related Behaviors Surveys of ActiveDuty and reserve component servicemembers. The Secretary would then submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, not later than 1 year after the date of the completion of the assessment or surveys, reports on the findings of the assessment and surveys in connection with the prevalence of gambling disorder among servicemembers. Report on requirement for certain former members of the Armed Forces to enroll in Medicare Part B to be eligible for TRICARE for Life (sec. 734) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 739) that would require the Secretaries of Defense and Health and Human Services and the Commissioner of Social Security, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to submit jointly a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, and the Committee on Finance of the Senate, on the requirement that a covered individual enroll in the supplementary medical insurance program under part B of title XVIII of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395J et seq.) to be eligible for TRICARE for Life. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require submission of the report no later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. Pilot program on earning by special operations forces medics of credits towards a physician assistant degree (sec. 735) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 733) that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a study to assess the feasibility and advisability of establishing partnerships between special operations forces and institutions of higher education, and health systems if determined appropriate by the Assistant Secretary, through which special operations forces medics earn credit towards a master’s degree of physician assistant for military operational work and training. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 724) that would require the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs to conduct a pilot program, for a period not greater than 5 years, to assess the feasibility and advisability of partnerships between special operations forces and institutions of higher education, and health systems if determined appropriate by the Assistant Secretary, through which special operations forces medics earn credit towards a master’s degree of physician assistant for military operational work and training. The provision 
would require the Secretary of Defense to submit an initial report, within 180 days of the date of the enactment of this Act, to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, that describes: (1) A comprehensive framework for the military education to be provided under the program; (2) Metrics to be used to assess the effectiveness of the program; and (3) Mechanisms to be used by the Department, medics, or both to cover the costs of education received by medics. In addition, the Secretary of Defense would submit a final report, not later than 180 days after completion of the pilot program, to the same committees, which provides an: (1) Evaluation of the pilot program using the metrics of assessment set forth in the initial report; (2) Assessment of the utility of funding mechanisms as set forth in the initial report; (3) Assessment of the effects of the program on recruitment and retention of special operations forces medics; and (4) Assessment of the feasibility and advisability of extending any authorities for joint professional military education under chapter 107 of title 10, United States Code, to warrant officers or enlisted personnel. The House recedes with an amendment that would authorize the Secretary to conduct the pilot program. Strategic medical research plan (sec. 736) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 727) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the service secretaries, to submit a comprehensive strategic medical research plan to the congressional defense committees not later than 30 days after the date on which the President submits the fiscal year 2020 budget to Congress. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Comptroller General of the United States review of Defense Health Agency oversight of transition between managed care support contractors for the TRICARE program (sec. 737) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 728) that would require the Comptroller General of the United States to submit to the congressional defense committees, not later than 180 days of the date of the enactment of this Act, a report reviewing the Defense Health Agency’s oversight of the transition of TRICARE managed care support contractors. The provision would require the Comptroller General to conduct subsequent reviews of any transition of managed care support contractors of the TRICARE program and to submit reports to the same committees. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Comptroller General to provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than July 1, 2019, followed by a report. The amendment would require the Comptroller General to provide reports to the same committees on any future transitions between managed care support contractors for the TRICARE program within 270 days after completion of such transitions. Comptroller General study on availability of longterm care options for veterans from Department of Veterans Affairs (sec. 738) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6008) that would require the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study on the availability of longterm care options from the Department of Veterans Affairs for veterans with combat disabilities, including veterans who served in the Armed Forces after September 11, 2001. The Comptroller General would then submit a report on the study to the Committees on Armed Services and the Committees on Veterans Affairs of the Senate and the House of Representatives not later than January 1, 2020. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Increase in number of appointed members of the Henry M. Jackson Foundation for the Advancement of Military Medicine (sec. 739) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 722) that would amend section 178(c)(1)(C) of title 10, United States Code, to increase the number of appointed members of the council of directors of the Henry M. Jackson Foundation for the Advancement of Military Medicine from four to six members. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 722). The House recedes. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  TRICARE Medicare Advantage demonstration program The House bill contained a provision (sec. 701) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, to conduct a demonstration program for a period of not less than 2 years under which a covered beneficiary is deemed to have elected to receive benefits, unless the beneficiary elects otherwise, through a participating Medicare Advantage health plan for each plan year of the demonstration program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Consolidation of costsharing requirements under TRICARE Select and TRICARE Prime The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 701) that would amend section 1075 of title 10, United States Code, to consolidate costsharing requirements under TRICARE Prime and Select. This provision would eliminate the grandfathering of costsharing requirements for beneficiaries enrolled in the TRICARE program prior to January 1, 2018, as authorized in section 701 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). The amendments under this provision would take effect on January 1, 2019. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees remain concerned about the high cost of military health care, understanding that much of the cost has been driven by new benefits and benefit enhancements authorized by Congress, as well as generally increasing costs of medical care in the private sector in the United States. The Congressional Budget Office estimates that the average cost to the Department of Defense for a typical retiree household’s health care in 2021 will be $17,800. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to submit a report, not later than February 1, 2019, to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives clearly describing the various TRICARE programs currently available to beneficiaries, identifying which beneficiaries are eligible to participate in each program, and providing the average cost to the Department of Defense and to beneficiaries in each program. Additionally, the report should describe the policy options desirable to maintain and improve access to quality health care while controlling the cost of providing that health care. In developing policy options, the Department should conduct a beneficiary survey to ascertain whether beneficiaries would be amenable to additional modest fee increases to maintain a fiscally viable, comprehensive health benefit. Pilot program on cryopreservation and storage The House bill contained a provision (sec. 703) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish a pilot program to provide not greater than 1,000 members of the Armed Forces on ActiveDuty with the opportunity to cryopreserve and store gametes prior to a combat zone deployment. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Contraception coverage parity under the TRICARE Program The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 703) that would amend sections 1074d(b)(3), 1075(c), 1075a(b), and 1074g(a)(6) of title 10, United States Code, to require coverage of contraception services for covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program. The provision would prohibit costsharing for any method of contraception provided by a TRICARE network provider and for any prescription contraceptive on the uniform formulary provided by a network retail pharmacy provider or the mail order pharmacy program. The effective date of this provision would be January 1, 2020. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Counseling and treatment for substance use disorders and chronic pain management services for members who separate from the Armed Forces The House bill contained a provision (sec. 705) that would amend section 1145(a)(6)(B)(i) of title 10, United States Code, to include in the TRICARE Transitional Health Care benefit counseling and treatment for substance use disorders and chronic pain management services for members who separate from the Armed Forces The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that transitional health care services provided in military medical treatment facilities routinely include counseling and treatment, as may be required, for substance use disorder and chronic pain management. Improvement of reimbursement by Department of Defense of entities carrying out state vaccination programs in connection with vaccines provided to covered beneficiaries under the TRICARE program The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 715) that would amend section 719(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 1074g note) to require the Secretary of Defense to reimburse an entity carrying out a State vaccination program for making vaccinations available to TRICARE covered beneficiaries. The provision would also stipulate that subparagraph (B) of section 719 should not apply to amounts assessed by entities providing independent verification that the assessments of such entities are below the costs of the private sector in making vaccines available. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Burn patient transfer system The House bill contained a provision (sec. 717) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to develop a burn patient transfer system that would provide a platform for reporting immediate and surge bed availability and electronically match patient acuity with 
bed availability at military and civilian burn centers. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report on MHS Genesis electronic health record system The House bill contained a provision (sec. 718) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, a report outlining the corrective actions taken based on the results of the initial operational and test evaluation report prior to fielding MHS Genesis to additional military medical treatment facilities. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary to submit a letter report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives describing the corrective actions taken, as a result of the findings in the initial operational and test evaluation report, prior to fielding MHS Genesis to additional military medical treatment facilities. Establishment of TriService Dental Research Program The House bill contained a provision (sec. 721) that would amend Chapter 104 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Defense to establish the TriService Dental Research Program, which would be administered by the TriService Dental Research Group. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Pilot program on partnerships with civilian organizations for specialized medical training The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 725) that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a pilot program, for a period of not more than 3 years, to assess the feasibility and advisability of establishing partnerships with public, private, and nonprofit organizations and institutions to provide shortterm specialized medical training to advance the medical skills and capabilities of military medical providers. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Registry of individuals exposed to per and polyfluoroalkyl substances on military installations The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 726) that would require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a registry for individuals who have been exposed to per and polyfluoroalkyl substances. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Limitation on changes to Federal Emergency Services certification levels of the Air Force The House bill contained a provision (sec. 726) that would prohibit the Secretary of the Air Force from transitioning Federal emergency services certification levels from emergency medical technician level to emergency medical responder level until the Secretary submits a report to the congressional defense committees. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Independent evaluation of mental health care The House bill contained a provision (sec. 728) that would require the Secretary of Defense to enter into an agreement with a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) to evaluate the management of mental health care by the Defense Health Agency. The Secretary would then submit a report to the congressional defense committees, not later than April 1, 2019, on the evaluation conducted by the FFRDC. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Study on reimbursement rates for mental health care providers under TRICARE Prime and TRICARE Select in the East and West regions of the TRICARE program The House bill contained a provision (sec. 729) that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a study assessing the impact of using established rates to reimburse covered mental health providers on the availability of such providers under the TRICARE program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Study on the treatment of TRICARE beneficiaries who are residents of Puerto Rico The House bill contained a provision (sec. 730) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating when not operating as a service in the Navy, to conduct a study on the feasibility and effect on extending eligibility to enroll in TRICARE Prime to members of the Armed Forces and covered beneficiaries who reside in Puerto Rico. The Secretary would then provide a report on the study to the congressional defense committees not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Director of the Defense Health Agency to review the feasibility and effect of extending enrollment in, and the coverage of, TRICARE Prime to eligible beneficiaries who reside in Puerto Rico. The review should: (1) Determine the number of eligible beneficiaries enrolled in TRICARE Select; (2) Examine prior claims data from beneficiaries who may have used TRICARE Standard while residing in Puerto Rico; (3) Evaluate the ability to meet TRICARE Prime access standards by TRICARE eligible institutional and individual providers; and (4) Estimate the potential increase in cost to the Department to offer TRICARE Prime to eligible TRICARE beneficiaries. The Director should then provide a report on the review to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives within 180 days of the date of the enactment of this Act. Study on health effects relating to activity of the Armed Forces on Vieques The House bill contained a provision (sec. 731) that would require the Comptroller General of the United States to submit a report containing a study of the health effects of livefire training at Vieques Naval Training Range before 2002 and other effects of military training on Vieques, Puerto Rico. The Comptroller General would submit the report to the congressional defense committees not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Strategy to recruit and retain mental health providers The House bill contained a provision (sec. 732) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, that describes and evaluates shortages of mental health providers of the Department of Defense and provides a strategy to recruit and retain various types of mental health providers. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Study of drug shortages and impact on members of the Armed Forces The House bill contained a provision (sec. 734) that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a study of shortages of drugs used in the surgical and emergency settings of military facilities and to provide a report to Congress, not later than 12 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, which describes the study and provides conclusions and recommendations from the study. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Provision of information to Department of Veterans Affairs regarding MHS Genesis electronic health record system The House bill contained a provision (sec. 735) that would require the Secretary of Defense to transmit a report to the Secretary of Veterans Affairs detailing lessons learned to address concerns identified during initial operational testing and evaluation of MHS Genesis. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Monitoring medication prescribing practices for the treatment of posttraumatic stress disorder The House bill contained a provision (sec. 737) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report describing the practices for prescribing medication during the period from January 1, 2012, to December 31, 2017, which were inconsistent with the post traumatic stress disorder medication guidelines developed by the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs. The Secretary would submit the report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives within 180 days of the date of the enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. 
Pilot program on mindfulnessbased stress reduction in predeployment training The House bill contained a provision (sec. 738) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security with respect to the Coast Guard when it is not operating as a service in the Navy, to conduct a pilot program to provide mindfulnessbased stress reduction training to members of the Armed Forces prior to deployment to a combat theater. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. TITLE VIII—A CQUISITION POLICY , ACQUISITION  MANAGEMENT , ANDRELATED MATTERS  Effective dates; coordination of amendments (sec. 800) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 800) that would set the effective dates for the establishment of a new part V of subtitle A of title 10, United States Code, and the redesignation of the chapter and section numbers for title 10 subtitles B, C, and D in order to create numerical space for a new part V at the end of subtitle A. This restructuring would also enable additional growth and potential future reorganization of title 10 statutes in other subject areas outside of the acquisition code. 
The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment. The conferees expect that this restructuring effort would be complete not later than February 1, 2019. Subtitle A—Streamlining of Defense Acquisition Statutes and Regulations Part I—Consolidation of Defense Acquisition Statutes in New Part V of Subtitle A of Title 10, United States Code Framework for new part V of subtitle A (sec. 801) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 801) that would establish the initial step in the first phase of a comprehensive reorganization and optimization of acquisitionrelated statutes in title 10, United States Code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the structure for acquisitionrelated statutes in title 10 has become unwieldy and inadequate. This section creates a new part V at the end of subtitle A of title 10, thus logically organizing all acquisitionrelated statutes in one part in the Code. Part II—Redesignation of Sections and Chapters of Subtitles B, C, and D To Provide Room for New Part V of Subtitle A Redesignation of sections and chapters of subtitle D of title 10, United States Code—Air Force (sec. 806) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 806) that would redesignate the chapter and section numbers for subtitle D of title 10, United States Code, in order to create numerical space for a new part V at the end of subtitle A. This restructuring would also enable additional growth and potential future reorganization of title 10 statutes in other subject areas outside of the acquisition code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Redesignation of sections and chapters of subtitle C of title 10, United States Code—Navy and Marine Corps (sec. 807) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 807) that would redesignate the chapter and section numbers for subtitle C of title 10, United States Code, in order to create numerical space for a new part V at the end of subtitle A. This restructuring would also enable additional growth and potential future reorganization of title 10 statutes in other subject areas outside of the acquisition code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Redesignation of sections and chapters of subtitle B of title 10, United States Code—Army (sec. 808) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 808) that would redesignate the chapter and section numbers for subtitle B of title 10, United States Code, in order to create numerical space for a new part V at the end of subtitle A. This restructuring would also enable additional growth and potential future reorganization of title 10 statutes in other subject areas outside of the acquisition code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Cross references to redesignated sections and chapters (sec. 809) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 809) that would establish the crossreferences guidance for new redesignated sections and chapters of title 10, United States Code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment. Part III—Repeals of Certain Provisions of Defense Acquisition Law Amendment to and repeal of statutory requirements for certain positions or offices in the Department of Defense (sec. 811) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 811) that would amend or repeal a number of statutory requirements for certain Department of Defense positions or offices established or required by law, and would establish a sunset for one statutory designation. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would adjust which statutory requirements for certain positions or offices are repealed. Repeal of certain defense acquisition laws (sec. 812) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 812) that would repeal a number of outdated provisions of law related to defense acquisition, including sections of title 10, United States Code, and provisions that appear in the United States Code as legislative ‘‘note’’ sections under various provisions of title 10, United States Code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would modify which provisions are to be repealed. Repeal of certain Department of Defense reporting requirements (sec. 813) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 813) that would repeal certain Department of Defense recurring reporting requirements. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1049) that would repeal certain Department of Defense reporting requirements that are otherwise set to terminate as of December 31, 2021. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would adjust which reporting requirements are to be repealed. Subtitle B—Amendments to General Contracting Authorities, Procedures, and Limitations Modification of limitations on single source task or delivery order contracts (sec. 816) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 814) that would amend section 2304a(d)(3)(A) of title 10, United States Code, to clarify the applicable standard for task or delivery order contract awards. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Preliminary cost analysis requirement for exercise of multiyear contract authority (sec. 817) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 815) that would amend section 2306b(i)(2)(B) of title 10, United States Code, to require that the preliminary findings of the agency head be supported by a preliminary cost analysis by the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Revision of requirement to submit information on services contracts to Congress (sec. 818) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 824) that would amend section 2329(b) of title 10, United States Code, to change from October 1, 2022, to October 1, 2020, the effective date for the Secretary of Defense’s submission to Congress of information on services contracts that clearly and separately identifies the amount requested for each category of services to be procured for each Defense Agency, Department of Defense Field Activity, command, or military installation. This section would also add the requirement that such information should be included in the Future Years Defense Program submitted to Congress under section 221 of this title. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 821) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment to brief the congressional defense committees not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, on the progress of Department of Defense efforts to meet the requirements of section 2329(b) of title 10, United States Code, including relevant information on the methodology and implementation plans for future compliance. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would amend section 2329(b) of title 10, 
United States Code, to change the requirement with respect to budget materials from October 1, 2022, to October 1, 2021 and require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment to brief the congressional defense committees not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter, on the progress of Department of Defense efforts to meet the requirements of section 2329(b) of title 10, United States Code, including relevant information on the methodology and implementation plans for future compliance. Data collection and inventory for services contracts (sec. 819) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 825) that would amend section 2330a of title 10, United States Code, by changing the dollar threshold for data to be collected on each purchase of services by a military department or Defense Agency from $3.0 million to the simplified acquisition threshold. This section would also remove the specification of the four service acquisition portfolio groups to be included in such data collection. This section would also change the activities contained in an annual inventory prepared by the Secretary of Defense from those pursuant to staff augmentation contracts, to those pursuant to services contracts, and replace references to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would replace references to the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and amend section 2330a of title 10, United States Code, to add contracts closely associated with inherently governmental functions to the categories of data collection applicable to the Department of Defense for services contracts. Report on clarification of services contracting definitions (sec. 820) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 830) that would direct the Secretary of Defense, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to revise the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulation Supplement to clarify the definitions of and relationships between terms related to services contracts, including the appropriate use of personal and nonpersonal services contracts, and the responsibilities of individuals in the acquisition workforce with respect to such contracts. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees, not later than 180 days after the 
date of enactment of this Act, a report clarifying the definitions of and relationships between terms used by the Department of Defense related to services contracting, including the appropriate use of personal services contracts and nonpersonal services contracts, and the responsibilities of individuals in the acquisition workforce with respect to such contracts. Increase in micropurchase threshold applicable to Department of Defense (sec. 821) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 822) that would amend section 2338 of title 10, United States Code, by raising the micro purchase threshold for the Department of Defense from $5,000 to $10,000. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 813). The House recedes with a technical amendment. Department of Defense contracting dispute matters (sec. 822) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 811) that would require the Secretary of Defense to carry out a study of the frequency and effects of bid protests involving the same Department of Defense contract award or proposed award that have been filed at both the Government Accountability Office and the Court of Federal Claims, and establish a data collection system to better track and analyze bid protest trends in the future. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Inclusion of best available information regarding past performance of subcontractors and joint venture partners (sec. 823) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 816) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Federal Acquisition Regulatory Council and the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy, within 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, to develop policies to ensure the best information regarding past performance of certain subcontractors and joint venture partners is available when awarding contracts. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment that would scope the subcontractor evaluations to military construction. Subcontracting price and approved purchasing systems (sec. 824) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 818) that would amend section 893 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383) to clarify that, for Department of Defense contracts with contractors that have approved purchasing systems as defined by section 44.101 of the Federal Acquisition Regulations, a contracting officer must have a written approval from his or her program manager prior to withholding consent based solely on disagreement with the proposed subcontract price. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Modification of criteria for waivers of requirement for certified cost and price data (sec. 825) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 877) that would repeal section 817(b)(1) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314) regarding certain determinations required for grants of exceptions to cost or pricing data certification requirements and waivers of cost accounting standards. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 817) that would make a technical change to section 817 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2306a note). The House recedes. Subtitle C—Provisions Relating to Major Defense Acquisition Programs Revisions in authority relating to program cost targets and fielding targets for major defense acquisition programs (sec. 831) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 828) that would amend sections 2448a, 2366a, and 2366b of title 10, United States Code, to allow the Secretaries of the military departments, or, in instances where an alternate milestone decision authority for a program has been designated under section 2430(d)(2) of title 10, United States Code, the Secretary of Defense, to establish program cost, fielding, and performance goals in planning major defense acquisition programs. This section would also allow for the delegation of these responsibilities beyond the Deputy Secretary of Defense. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 831) that would amend section 2448a of title 10, United States Code, to clarify that the designated milestone decision authority is the individual responsible for ensuring the accomplishment of the stated goals for a major defense acquisition program. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would clarify that the designated milestone decision authority is the individual responsible for ensuring the accomplishment of the stated goals for a major defense acquisition program with technical and conforming changes. Implementation of recommendations of the Independent Study on Consideration of Sustainment in Weapons Systems Life Cycle (sec. 832) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 832) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to implement certain recommendations from the Independent Study on Consideration of Sustainment in Weapons Systems Life Cycle, which was conducted as required by section 844 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that the report’s findings highlight that the Department of Defense has not given proper consideration to sustainment issues during the development and acquisition process. Comptroller General assessment of acquisition programs and related initiatives (sec. 833) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 803) that would amend chapter 131 of title 10, United States Code, to establish an annual assessment by the Comptroller General of the United States of Department of Defense acquisition programs and initiatives. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that limits the production of the Comptroller General’s assessment to four assessments. The conferees note that the Department of Defense’s warfighting, business, and enterprise capabilities are increasingly reliant on or driven by software and information technology. The Department of Defense is behind other Federal agencies and industry in implementing best practices for acquisition of software and information technology capabilities, to include agile and incremental development methods along with associated training, tools, and infrastructure. The conferees further note that recent years have seen the most significant reform of the Department’s acquisition function since the Weapon Systems Acquisition Reform Act of 2009 (Public Law 111–23), to include expansion of acquisition authorities, organizational realignments, delegation of acquisition program execution to the Services, and rapid acquisition and prototyping authorities and offices. The conferees believe this update to the Comptroller General’s assessments is critical to assisting the defense committees with their oversight, given the role of software and information technology in acquisition programs and initiatives, and the scope of recent acquisition reforms across the Department. Subtitle D—Provisions Relating to Commercial Items Revision of definition of commercial items for purposes of Federal acquisition statutes (sec. 836) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 831) that would clarify the definition of commercial items. Specifically, it would clarify commercial items as commercial products or commercial services. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 851) that would direct the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition to conduct a review of commercial item procurement reform, including recommendations by the independent panel created by Section 809 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and provisions from recent National Defense Authorization Acts, and an analysis of the treatment of commercial services contracts as compared to commercial products. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would set the effective date of the new definitions to January 1, 2020 with a detailed implementation plan due to the congressional defense committees on April 1, 2019. Limitation on applicability to Department of Defense commercial contracts of certain provisions of law (sec. 837) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 833) that would update section 2375, section 2533a, and section 2533b of title 10, United States Code, with the clarified definition of commercial products and commercial services. This section would also establish a new section 2375a to limit applicability of certain Executive Orders and regulations. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would update section 2533a, section 2533b, and part of section 2375 of title 10, United States Code, with the clarified definition of commercial products and commercial services. Modifications to procurement through commercial ecommerce portals (sec. 838) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 834) that would amend section 846 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) to allow the Administrator of the General Services Administration to develop procedures for procurement through a commercial ecommerce portal. The procedures must satisfy the requirements for competitive procedures outlined in title 41, United States Code. Additionally, this section would require these procedures to be submitted to the congressional defense committees 30 days prior to implementation. This section would also amend titles 10 and 41, United States Code, by increasing the micropurchase threshold for procurement through a commercial e commerce portal from $10,000 to $25,000. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. 
The Senate recedes with an amendment that maintains the micropurchase threshold at $10,000. Review of Federal acquisition regulations on commercial products, commercial services, and commercially available offtheshelf items (sec. 839) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 835) that would require a review on Federal acquisition regulations on commercial products, commercial services, and commercially available offtheshelf items. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment to require a report on the results of the review. Subtitle E—Industrial Base Matters Report on limited sourcing of specific components for Naval vessels (sec. 841) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 842) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to submit a report to the congressional defense committees by March 1, 2019, that provides a market survey and cost assessment associated with limiting competition to domestic sources for certain naval components. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would modify the report to include national security considerations, recommendations from the Secretary of the Navy, and sources in the National Technology and Industrial Base. The report would be limited to components listed in section 2534(a)(3) of title 10, United States Code, and additional specified components for auxiliary ships. The conferees encourage the manufacturers of waterjet marine propulsion systems, azimuth thrusters, and bow thrusters to consider utilizing the process contained in section 844 this Act. Removal of national interest determination requirements for certain entities (sec. 842) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 843) that would streamline the National Industrial Security Program by removing the regulatory requirements relating to National Interest Determinations (NIDs). It would build on section 1712 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), which required a review of whether certain companies ‘‘should be exempted from one or more of the foreign ownership, control, or influence [FOCI] requirements of the National Industrial Security Program.’’ This section would address NIDs as a particularly urgent problem within that set of FOCI requirements authorized for exemption. It would also authorize the Secretary of Defense to accelerate implementation of this policy for contracting entities that have already demonstrated a longstanding commitment to industrial security and have previously been approved for access to proscribed information. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Pilot program to test machinevision technologies to determine the authenticity and security of microelectronic parts in weapon systems (sec. 843) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 844) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering to establish a pilot program to test the feasibility and reliability of using machinevision technologies to determine the authenticity and security of microelectronic parts in weapon systems. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 5203) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering to establish a similar pilot program. The Senate recedes. Limitation on certain procurements application process (sec. 844) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 861) that would establish a process for consideration of products to be included within the scope of the National Technology and Industrial Base. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment. Report on defense electronics industrial base (sec. 845) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 862) that would require a report by the Secretary of Defense, no later than January 31, 2019, that would examine the health of the defense electronics industrial base both domestically and within the national technology and industrial base. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Support for defense manufacturing communities to support the defense industrial base (sec. 846) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 863) that would provide the Secretary of Defense with authority to establish a program to make longterm investments in critical skills, infrastructure, research and development, and small business support in order to strengthen the national security innovation base, working in coordination with the defense manufacturing institutes. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that harmonizes the activities of the program with other similar programs to avoid duplication. Limitation on procurement of certain items for T–AO–205 program (sec. 847) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 841) that would amend section 2534 of title 10, United States Code, and would require certain auxiliary ship components to be procured from a manufacturer in the national technology and industrial base. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would limit procurement in fiscal year 2019 of the components listed in the House provision to manufacturers in the United States for the T–AO–205 program. Subtitle F—Small Business Matters Department of Defense small business strategy (sec. 851) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 851) that would require the Department of Defense to develop and implement a small business strategy to better leverage small businesses as a means to enhance or support mission execution. This section specifies that such a strategy should include plans to integrate small businesses into a holistic view of industry; to realign the Department’s small business programs with agency mission under a unified management structure; and to clarify points of entry into the defense market. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that a unified strategy would create expanded small business engagement in the defense sector by increasing entry points for nontraditional and innovative companies. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to coordinate the development of the strategy with the Department of Defense Office of Small Business Programs. Prompt payments of small business contractors (sec. 852) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 852) would direct Federal agencies to establish a prompt payment goal of 15 days for small business prime contractors. It would also extend the accelerated payment objective to otherthan small prime contractors that subcontract with small businesses, and encourage these prime contractors to also accelerate payments to their small business subcontractors. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that limits the provision to the Department of Defense. Increased participation in the Small Business Administration microloan program (sec. 853) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 853) that would amend section 636(m) of title 15, United States Code, by increasing the total limit on outstanding loans from $5.0 million to $6.0 million, and modifying the ratio from 25/75 to 50/50. It would also require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration (SBA) to report on rates among microlenders, and for the Comptroller General of the United States to assess SBA oversight of the microloan program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with technical conforming amendments to reflect the passage of certain sections in other Acts. Amendments to Small Business Innovation Research Program and Small Business Technology Transfer Program (sec. 854) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 854) that would authorize the use of Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) or Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) program funding for administrative costs and expand phase flexibility during fiscal years 2018 through 2022. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would expand phase flexibility during 
fiscal years 2018 through 2022, require the submission of outstanding reports and evaluations, create a pilot program to accelerate Department of Defense SBIR and STTR awards, direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a review of the average and median amount of times that each component of the Department of Defense with an SBIR or STTR program takes to review and make a final decision on proposals submitted under the program, and make modifications to technical and business assistance under the Small Business Act. Construction contract administration (sec. 855) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 855) that would amend section 644 of title 15, United States Code, to require Federal agencies to provide prospective construction contractors with information about an agency’s policies and performance on the administration of change orders. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment related to timeframes and circumstances for definitizing orders. Comptroller General study of impact of broadband speed and price on small businesses (sec. 856) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 856) that would direct the Associate Administrator for the Office of Investment and Innovation of the Small Business Administration to designate a senior employee as the ‘‘Broadband and Emerging Information 
Technology Coordinator.’’ The Coordinator would be responsible for connecting small businesses with financing programs, and advising these businesses on how to acquire broadband and new information technology. This section would also direct a biennial report on activities beginning 2 years after the first designation of a Coordinator to the Committee on Small Business and Entrepreneurship of the Senate and the Committee on Small Business of the House of Representatives. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would instead direct the Comptroller General of the United States to assess the impact of broadband speed and price on small business concerns. Consolidated budget display for the Department of Defense Small Business Innovation Research Program and Small Business Technology Transfer Program (sec. 857) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 858) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to submit to Congress a budget justification for all activities conducted under the Small Business Innovation Research Program or Small Business Technology Transfer Program during the previous fiscal year. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would direct the Secretary of Defense to report Small Business Innovation Research Program and Small Business Technology Transfer Program funding in a consolidated location in the annual budget justification. The conferees note that the Small Business Innovation Research (SBIR) and Small Business Technology Transfer (STTR) programs have successfully developed and transitioned many technologies into operational use that have supported US military technological superiority, and represent proven and successful outreach and engagement with innovative small businesses. The conferees believe that this provision will enable decision makers in both Congress and the Department to better understand the valuable role that these programs play in overall technological innovation efforts. The conferees affirm the wellestablished SBIR and STTR funding allocation mechanism already in the program’s statutory authorization which has preserved stability for the program and contributed strongly to its track record of success. The conferees note that nothing in this provision is intended to alter the existing allocation mechanism. Funding for procurement technical assistance program (sec. 858) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 859) that would amend section 2413(b) of title 10, United States Code, to provide Procurement Technical Assistance Centers (PTACs) the resources necessary to conduct greater outreach and provide expanded support to small businesses. This section would increase the funding caps for PTACs operating on statewide, less than statewide, and eligible tribal locations. This section would also adjust the percentage of Federal funding for PTACs to 75 percent from 65 percent, and would adjust the community contribution to 25 percent from 35 percent. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Authorization for payment of certain costs relating to procurement technical assistance centers (sec. 859) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 862) that would authorize Procurement Technical Assistance Centers (PTACs) to form an association to pursue matters of common concern, and direct the Secretary of Defense to recognize a PTAC association with a membership of the majority of PTACs. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would direct the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency to brief the congressional defense committees on the potential utility of PTAC associations, and expands the use of authorized funds to include coordination activities among PTACs. Commercialization Assistance Pilot Program (sec. 860) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 863) that would amend the Small Business Act to create a Commercialization Assistance Pilot program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would amend the Small Business Act to authorize commercialization assistance pilot programs, and direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct an assessment of the pilot, no later than 6 years after the date of the enactment. Puerto Rico businesses (sec. 861) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 864) that would modify the Small Business Act to include a definition for Puerto Rico businesses and identify potential incentives for businesses in a mentorprote´ge´relation ship with Puerto Rico businesses. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment. Opportunities for employeeowned business concerns through Small Business Administration loan programs (sec. 862) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 866) that would amend the Small Business Act to expand some loans for small business concerns and direct the Administrator of the United States Small Business Administration (SBA) to undertake outreach and assistance activities, and a report on these activities. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 6006) that would strengthen SBA loan programs to support employee owned small businesses. The Senate recedes with clarifying and technical amendments. Subtitle G—Provisions Related to Software and Technical Data Matters Validation of proprietary and technical data (sec. 865) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 881) that would amend section 2321(f) of title 10, United States Code, to clarify the application of rights in technical data relating to major weapons systems. This provision would also amend section 2320 of title 10, United States Code, to clarify the application of licensing of appropriate intellectual property to support major weapons systems with regard to preferences for specially negotiated licenses. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would amend only section 2321(f) of title 10, United States Code. The conferees note that Specially Negotiated Licenses are a new concept in government technical data rights and are being interpreted in many different ways by industry and government alike. Therefore, the conferees direct the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in conjunction with the Service Acquisition Executives, to develop guidelines, training, and policy for the usage and application of specially negotiated licenses to clarify the terms under which such licenses should be used when considering a product support strategy of a major weapon system or subsystem of a major weapon system. The Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment is directed to brief the resulting guidelines and other actions to the congressional defense committees no later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. Continuation of technical data rights during challenges (sec. 866) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 812) that would amend section 2321(i) of title 10, United States Code, to clarify that the government may continue to exercise rights in technical data and noncommercial computer software during the course of a challenge with an incumbent contractor under section 2321(d) of title 10, United States Code, or under procedures established by the Department of Defense, to meet Department of Defense mission requirements and readiness needs during the course of the challenge. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify the circumstances in which the Secretary of Defense or a service secretary, for programs for which milestone decision authority has been delegated, may authorize use of technical data in dispute by issuing notice and a written determination that compelling mission readiness requirements will not permit awaiting the final decision. Requirement for negotiation of technical data price before sustainment of major weapon systems (sec. 867) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 827) that would provide the Department of Defense with additional flexibility on negotiations for appropriate technical data. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would clarify that this provision also applies to the sustainment of major weapon systems. Implementation of recommendations of the final report of the Defense Science Board Task Force on the Design and Acquisition of Software for Defense Systems (sec. 868) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 882) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to implement certain recommendations of the Defense Science Board Task Force in their report on the Design and Acquisition of Software for Defense Systems. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees agree with the report’s emphasis on shifting the Department of Defense’s treatment of software as solely a development activity to understanding that it is enduring and that, therefore, traditional models of hardware sustainment are not suited to the treatment of software in the acquisition process. As the Department considers how each recommendation would be implemented, the conferees also encourage the Department to continue to engage the private sector for their best practices and views regarding sustainable software acquisition approaches. Implementation of pilot program to use agile or iterative development methods required under section 873 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (sec. 869) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 883) that would provide additional 
direction to the Secretary of Defense in implementing the pilot program established 
under section 873 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115—91). The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment to the list of participating systems; an amendment to make criteria for selecting program participation more permissive; an amendment that directs the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment to establish a Community of Practice on agile or iterative methods and identifies programs that should contribute; and an amendment that directs the Secretary to report certain information on the progress of programs participating in the pilot. The conferees expect the Department to attend to compliance with Section 873 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115—91). The conferees note that the adoption of agile or iterative methods remains a challenge for the Department of Defense, despite the fact that delivery of increments of useful capability no less frequently than every six months is not only a best practice for softwareintensive systems but is also a governmentwide requirement for such systems. Further, as the Department implements such methods, it is important to ensure good principles of management and oversight are incorporated. In particular, given how frequently programs should be delivering features, having insight to costs and capability delivered is critical to understanding risk and overall return on investment. Report on requiring access to digital technical data in future acquisitions of combat, combat service, and combat support systems (sec. 870) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 240) that would require the Secretary of Defense to prepare and submit a report regarding access to digital technical data, to include that which is necessary to support the production of threedimensional printed parts. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct that the study also address the potential impact upon data rights of providers, to include impacts on National Technology and Industrial Base manufacturers developing products for the Department of Defense, including contractors providing data with limited and restricted data rights. Subtitle H—Other Matters Prohibition on acquisition of sensitive materials from nonallied foreign nations (sec. 871) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 873) that would prohibit the acquisition of certain sensitive materials from nonallied foreign nations. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment. Extension of prohibition on providing funds to the enemy (sec. 872) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 876) that would amend section 841(n) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) to change from December 31, 2019, to December 31, 2021, the sunset date for the provisions of the prohibition on providing funds to the enemy. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees encourage the Office of Management and Budget to extend by two years submission of the reports specified in section 841(i) of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) on the use of the authorities in this section in the preceding calendar year, to match the extended sunset date. Data, policy, and reporting on the use of other transactions (sec. 873) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 878) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to submit an annual report on the use of transactions other than contracts, cooperative agreements, and grants, known as other transaction authority, to perform projects, and to include certain information. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 872) that would direct the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, and the Service Acquisition Executives of the military departments to collect and internally share data on the use of other transactions, and use it to update policies and procedures. The House recedes with an amendment that would combine the data collection and reporting elements of both provisions. Standardization of formatting and public accessibility of Department of Defense reports to Congress (sec. 874) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 879) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to provide a briefing to the House Committee on Armed Services on a plan for standardizing formatting and public accessibility of unclassified Department of Defense reports to Congress, to ensure they are usable. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would direct the Secretary of Defense to prepare plans to address standardization and sharing of reports to Congress, to include cost and schedule estimates. Promotion of the use of Governmentwide and other interagency contracts (sec. 875) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 881) that would modify regulations relating to governmentwide and other interagency contracts. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Increasing competition at the task order level (sec. 876) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 882) that would amend section 3306(c) of title 41, United States Code, to provide exceptions for certain indefinite delivery, indefinite quantity multipleaward contracts and certain federal supply schedule contracts for services acquired on an hourly rate. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would continue to require the disclosure to offerors of the importance of all evaluation factors other than cost or price. Individual acquisition for commercial leasing services (sec. 877) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 883) that would modify individual acquisition for commercial leasing services and direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct audits related to acquisitions for commercial leasing services. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Procurement administrative lead time definition and plan (sec. 878) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 884) that would direct the Administrator for Federal Procurement Policy to develop, make available for public comment, and finalize a definition of the term ‘‘procurement administrative lead time’’ (PALT) and produce a plan for measuring and publicly reporting data on PALT for Federal Government contracts and task orders in amounts greater than the simplified acquisition threshold. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Briefing on funding of product support strategies (sec. 879) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 885) that would require a report on funding of product support strategies. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require an annotated briefing regarding the funding for product support strategies for major weapon systems, and a summary of improvements made to data collection and analysis capabilities of the Department, including in the Military Services, to improve the analysis and cost estimation of lifecycle costs, analysis and identification of cost drivers, reduce lifecycle cost variance, identify common and shared costs for multiple weapons systems, and isolate the lifecycle costs attributable to specific individual weapons systems. Use of lowest price technically acceptable source selection process (sec. 880) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 886) that would require a revision of the Federal Acquisition Regulation to clarify in which solicitations the lowest price technically acceptable source selection criteria may be used. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would clarify the categories and threshold applicable in the provision. The conferees note that, in order to balance effective oversight with reasonable expenditure of resources, the Government Accountability Office is expected to develop a methodological approach that will provide sufficient insight into the extent to which lowest price technically acceptable source selection criteria are used by executive agencies, without requiring a review of each individual instance in which such criteria are used. Permanent Supply Chain Risk Management Authority (sec. 881) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 801) that would permanently extend the authority provided in section 806 of the Ike Skelton National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2011 (Public Law 111–383) regarding the management of supply chain risk and would clarify the Secretary of Defense’s ability to make determinations under the authority to apply throughout the Department of Defense. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Review of market research (sec. 882) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 802) that would amend section 2431a of title 10, United States Code, to define the market research requirement of major defense acquisition program acquisition strategies. This provision is intended to improve the Department of Defense’s capacity to conduct market research by diversifying the sources and methods used. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would direct the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment to conduct a review of market research guidance and practices. 
The conferees note that a growing share of the Department’s spending is on information technology products and services and believes robust market research is critical to acquisition planning. The conferees believe that sufficient attention is not being given to market research and are concerned that the Department’s sources of data for market research are limited and lack diversity. The conferees therefore encourage the Department’s contracting officers to use commercially available detailed thirdparty market research, which should include any disclosures of a thirdparty’s interests and which should be considered by contracting officers in the context of all available data sources, to ensure that they have the best and most complete information available in developing and executing their acquisition strategies. Establishment of integrated review team on defense acquisition industrygovernment exchange (sec. 883) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 842) that would direct the Chairman of the Defense Business Board to convene an integrated review team with members of the Defense Innovation Board and Defense Science Board to undertake a study on the exchange of defense industry personnel on term assignments within the Department. The study shall review: (1) Legal, ethical, and financial disclosure requirements for industrygovernment exchanges; (2) Existing or previous industrygovernment exchange programs; and (3) How the military departments address legal, ethical, and financial requirements for reserve component servicemembers who also maintain civilian employment in the defense industry. The team shall also produce recommendations to reduce barriers to industrygovernment exchange while ensuring financial and ethical integrity to protect the best interests of the Department. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Exchange program for acquisition workforce employees (sec. 884) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 843) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish an exchange program that would temporarily assign civilian personnel working in the defense acquisition workforce, as defined by chapter 87 of title 10, United States Code, to a rotational program that would broaden the skills and expertise of participants and improve communication within and integration of the acquisition community. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Process to limit foreign access to technology (sec. 885) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 820) that would authorize the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering to include in the terms of any contract provisions that would limit access by select persons or organizations to sensitive technology, and authorize the potential forfeit of intellectual property rights if these terms were violated. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would remove the authority to include these limitations in the terms of any contract and instead directs the Secretary of Defense to develop a process and procedures for limiting access to technology through contracts, grants, cooperative agreements, or other transactions, when such limitation is in the interest of national security. Procurement of telecommunications supplies for experimental purposes (sec. 886) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 894) that would ensure the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, and other developmental testing organizations be given access to all data associated with certain modeling and simulation activities supporting the acquisition of military capabilities. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Access by developmental and operational testing activities to data regarding modeling and simulation activity (sec. 887) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 895) that would ensure the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, and other developmental testing organizations be given access to all data associated with modeling and simulation activities supporting the acquisition of military capabilities. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that modeling and simulation tools and activities are critical to reducing risk in technology development initiatives and acquisition programs. The conferees note the use of modeling and simulation to reduce risk in operational or live fire test and evaluation is especially relevant when operational conditions are difficult or expensive to replicate in testing certain military capabilities, such as: performance of systems in space, intercept capability of ballistic missile defense systems, and a ship’s ability to withstand shocks. The conferees also note that given the increasing use of softwaredriven capabilities, modeling and simulation is also beneficial during developmental testing and evaluation, including modeling and simulating complex cyber threats to facilitate accurate assessments of security features. The conferees understand that Department of Defense policies require models to be verified, validated, and accredited in order to be deemed effective at reducing risk and cost, as well as to improve understanding and predictability of system performance. The conferees are concerned that despite these Department policies, programs and initiatives are using models in lieu of real world testing, even though they have not been verified, validated, and accredited. Accordingly, this provision would direct developmental and operational test organizations be given access to all data associated with verification, validation, and accreditation of modeling and simulation activities to ensure development, production, and fielding decisions that depend on outcomes from such activities are fully informed. The conferees also urge the Department to continue efforts to improve the quality and fidelity of computer models for use in test and evaluation activities. Instruction on pilot program regarding employment of persons with disabilities (sec. 888) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 5801) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to update the Defense Federal Acquisition Regulatory Supplement to include an instruction on the pilot program regarding employment of persons with disabilities authorized under section 853 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Prohibition on certain telecommunications and video surveillance services or equipment (sec. 889) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 880) that would provide that, not later than January 1, 2021, no government agency may procure or obtain, nor extend or renew a contract to procure or obtain, nor enter into a contract with an entity that uses covered telecommunications equipment or services with any covered entity. The covered equipment would encompass telecommunications and video surveillance products and services provided by Hauwei Technologies Company, ZTE Corporation, Hytera Communications Corporation, Hikvision Digital Technology Company, or Hahua Technology Company, or any company that the head of a relevant Federal agency reasonably believes is controlled by the government of the Peoples Republic of China. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 6702) that would prohibit by the heads of Federal agencies procurement of telecommunications equipment or services from Huawei Technologies Company or ZTE Corporation, any subsidiary or affiliate of such entities, or any entity controlled by the government of the People’s Republic of China. The provision would also prohibit entry into a contract with any entity that uses equipment, as a critical component of any system, from Huawei Technologies Company, the ZTE Corporation, any subsidiary or affiliate of such entities, or any entity controlled by the government of the People’s Republic of China. The provision would prohibit the modification of any penalty implemented by the United States Government with respect to a Chinese telecommunications company upon a determination that the company has violated an export control or sanctions law until the President certifies to the appropriate congressional committees that the company is compliant and cooperative with US laws and related investigations. The provision would also reinstate penalties imposed on ZTE on April 15, 2018 by the Acting Assistant Secretary of the Commerce for Export Enforcement and would limit the future modification of such penalties. The House recedes with an amendment that would not prohibit modification of penalties nor reimpose penalties on the ZTE Corporation, clarify the applicable timelines and waivers, and require the heads of executive agencies administering loan, grant, or subsidy programs to prioritize available funding and technical support to assist affected businesses, institutions and organizations as is reasonably necessary for those affected entities to transition from covered communications equipment and services, to procure replacement equipment and services, and to ensure that communications services to users and customers is sustained. The conferees stress the importance of assisting rural communications service providers, anchor institutions, and public safety organizations in replacing covered equipment and associated support services contracts as soon as practicable. Pilot program to accelerate contracting and pricing processes (sec. 890) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 833) that would establish a pilot program for the Secretary of Defense to reform and accelerate the contracting and pricing processes associated with major weapons systems programs through basing price reasonableness determinations on actual cost and pricing data for purchases of the same or similar products for the Department of Defense and reducing the cost and pricing data to be submitted in accordance with section 2306a of title 10, United States Code. This authority would expire on January 2, 2021. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would limit the pilot to ten contracts 
not classified as major defense acquisition programs and require a report to the congressional defense committee on the results of the pilot no later than January 30, 2021. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  Comptroller General of the United States report on progress payment financing of Department of Defense contracts The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 819) that would require the Comptroller General of the United States to submit a report, no later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to the congressional defense committees on the results of an analysis of the effects of current financing levels of defense contracts on defense contractors and Defense budgets. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees direct the Comptroller General of the United States to submit to the congressional defense committees, no later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, a report on the results of an analysis of the effects of current financing levels of Department of Defense contracts on contractors of the Department and the budgets of the Department to include an analysis and assessment of the impact to government and business on the relationship between financing amounts and contractor profit and the willingness of contractors to pursue contracts with the Department. The assessment should take into consideration past changes to progress payment rates and conditions as well as progress payment rates and limitations on progressing for undefinitized contract actions. Contract goal for the AbilityOne program The House bill contained a provision (sec. 821) that would amend section 2323a of title 10, United States Code, to create a contract goal for the AbilityOne program of 1.5 percent. This section would also require the Secretary of Defense to submit an annual report to the U.S. AbilityOne Commission on progress made toward achieving said contract goal. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that the AbilityOne program must have policies and procedures in place to ensure that funding is used in a way that maximizes the benefits to the people it is intended to serve and that taxpayer funds are not wasted. Recognizing this, in 2015 the Congress directed the establishment of an AbilityOne Inspector General, and in 2016 Congress directed the establishment of a Panel on Department of Defense, and AbilityOne Contracting, Oversight, Accountability, and Integrity. The conferees note that both the Inspector General and the Panel are generating findings and recommendations for needed reforms and expect the AbilityOne Commission to take appropriate steps in the future to increase transparency and effectiveness of the program. Sense of Congress on awarding of contracts to responsible companies that primarily employ American workers and do not actively transfer American jobs to potential adversaries The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 822) that would express the sense of Congress that the Department of Defense should award contracts to responsible companies that primarily employ United States workers or are partners in the national technology and industrial base and do not actively transfer United States jobs to potential adversaries. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the Department of Defense should award contracts to responsible companies that primarily employ United States workers or are partners in the national technology and industrial base and do not actively transfer United States jobs to potential adversaries. Preference for offerors employing veterans The House bill contained a provision (sec. 823) that would amend chapter 137 of title 10, United States Code, by adding a new section that would authorize the head of an agency, in awarding a contract for the procurement of goods and services for the Department of Defense, to establish a preference for offerors that employ veterans on a fulltime basis, with criteria for use of such preference determined by the Secretary of Defense. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Competition requirements for purchases from Federal Prison Industries The House bill contained a provision (sec. 826) that would amend section 2410n of title 10, United States Code. This section would create a requirement for conducting market research before purchasing a product listed in the Federal Prison Industries (FPI) catalog. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Revision of timeline for use of the rapid fielding pathway for acquisition programs The House bill contained a provision (sec. 829) that would amend section 804(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) to change part of the objective of an acquisition program under the rapid fielding pathway from completing fielding within 5 years, to completing lowrate initial production within 5 years. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Definition of subcontract The House bill contained a provision (sec. 832) that would create a precise definition for ‘‘subcontract’’ in title 41, United States Code, and incorporate this revised definition in title 10, United States Code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Permanent authority for demonstration projects relating to acquisition personnel management policies and procedures The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 841) that would amend section 1762 of title 10, United States Code, to provide a permanent authority for personnel programs for employees in the Department of Defense civilian acquisition workforce and supporting personnel assigned to work directly with that workforce. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Security of Department of Defense telecommunication services The House bill contained a provision (sec. 845) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to give preference in awarding contracts for telecommunication services or installation of telecommunication infrastructure on military installations located in the United States or its territories to American owned and operated companies. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Sense of Congress on unmanned ground vehicle technology The House bill contained a provision (sec. 846) that would provide a sense of Congress on unmanned ground vehicle technology. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that the design, manufacturing, and repair of the technology in unmanned ground vehicles is critical to national security. Amendments to the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 The House bill contained a provision (sec. 857) that would amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 (15 U.S.C. 682(b)) by increasing the Individual Leverage Limit from $150.0 million to $175.0 million and by increasing the total amount of capital and surplus that a financial institution and Federal savings association can invest in a small business investment company from 5 percent to 15 percent. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Exemption of certain contracts from the periodic inflation adjustments to the acquisitionrelated dollar threshold The House bill contained a provision (sec. 860) that would amend subparagraph (B) of section 1908(b)(2) of title 41, United States Code, to exempt certain contracts from the periodic inflation adjustments to the acquisitionrelated dollar threshold. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. SCORE The House bill contained a provision (sec. 861) that would amend the Small Business Act to reauthorize the SCORE program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. United States Virgin Islands Small Business Contracting Assistance The House bill contained a provision (sec. 865) that would modify the Small Business Act with regard to the United States Virgin Islands. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Veteran entrepreneurship training 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 867) that would amend section 32 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657b) to require the Administrator of the Small Business Administration to carry out a program to provide entrepreneurship training to certain servicemembers, veterans, and their spouses or dependents. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Improvement of small business development centers program The House bill contained a provision (sec. 868) that would modify the small business development centers program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Additional requirements for negotiations for noncommercial computer software The House bill contained a provision (sec. 871) that would amend section 2322a of title 10, United States Code, and codify existing Defense Federal Acquisition Regulations on noncommercial software rights as well as mandate, to the maximum extent practicable, that specially negotiated licenses be 
used for weapon systems noncommercial software. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Removal of requirement for risk and sensitivity analysis of baseline estimates in Selected Acquisition Reports The House bill contained a provision (sec. 872) that would amend section 2432(c)(1)(B) of title 10, United States Code, by removing the requirement for risk and sensitivity analysis to be included with baseline estimates in selected acquisition reports. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that quantitative and qualitative risk and sensitivity analyses help decisionmakers to identify cost drivers and understand the effects of changing variables on cost estimates. The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) required that a program’s baseline cost estimate, along with the associated risk curve and sensitivity of that estimate, be provided in the quarterly selected acquisition reports. In addition, it required that the reports include the current point estimate bounded by the lowend and highend estimates and the associated sensitivity of those estimates, and identification of the primary risk parameters associated with the estimate. The conferees note that these requirements are intended to promote use of relatively commonplace data and statistical analysis techniques that are well understood by most practitioners. However, the conferees understand that this language has been interpreted by Department of Defense officials as requiring analysis of the sensitivity of the information in a security context for selected acquisition reports, resulting in unwarranted barriers to dissemination. The conferees direct the Department of Defense to comply with all legal requirements relating to contents of selected acquisition reports, noting the clarification of intent above. Further, the conferees direct the Department to avoid labeling selected acquisition reports as ‘‘For Official Use Only’’ unless the specific justification for such restrictive markings is provided to the Congress for each individual report. Transfer or possession of defense items for national defense purposes The House bill contained a provision (sec. 874) that would amend sections 922 and 925 of title 18, United States Code, to allow joint production, integration, and calibration of militarygrade hardware by licensed contractors, transfers of defense items to government customers, and export of authorized weapons to foreign governments. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Expedited hiring authority for shortage category positions in the acquisition workforce The House bill contained a provision (sec. 875) that would expand and extend direct hire authority for acquisition professionals. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Sense of Congress regarding steel produced in the United States The House bill contained a provision (sec. 887) that would provide a sense of Congress regarding steel produced in the United States. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that a strong domestic iron ore and steel industry is vital to the national security of the United States. Permanent SBIR and STTR authority for the Department of Defense The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 893) that would amend section 638 of title 15, United States Code, to provide a permanent authority for the Small Business Innovation Research program (SBIR) and the Small Business Technology Transfer program (STTR) in the Department of Defense. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. TITLE IX—D EPARTMENT OF DEFENSE  ORGANIZATION AND MANAGEMENT  Subtitle A—Office of the Secretary of Defense and Related Matters Report on allocation of former responsibilities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics (sec. 901) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 904) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to report on decisions taken as part of the reorganization of the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics to allocate the responsibilities that are referenced in United States Code. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Modification of responsibilities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy (sec. 902) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 903) that would modify the responsibilities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy to include greater oversight of defense strategy and planning guidance in alignment with the National Defense Strategy (NDS). These modifications would encompass the preparation and development of policy guidance for campaign and contingency plans by the combatant commands, as well as the oversight and integration of strategic documents such as the National Security Strategy (NSS) and the Defense Planning Guidance (DPG). The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would further refine the responsibilities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy including a clarification of its role in providing joint force requirements guidance through the Defense Planning Guidance. Furthermore, the Under Secretary, in coordination with the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, would develop planning scenarios for the future joint environments to use in assessments and the development of specific objectives for joint force capabilities (both capacity and readiness). The conferees recognize the importance of the Under Secretary of Defense in developing strategy and providing associated policy guidance for force development, planning, and posture. However, deteriorating policy functions in areas such as joint force assessments have led to shortcomings in resource allocation and prioritization efforts. In turn, this can exacerbate capability gaps and lead to the erosion of U.S. military superiority. In light of these trends, the conferees urge the Department to clearly define the Under Secretary of Defense primary functions as well as integrate its critical responsibilities with the priorities outlined in the 2018 National Defense Strategy. Clarification of responsibilities and duties of the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense (sec. 903) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 906) that would clarify the responsibilities and duties of the Chief Information Officer (CIO) of the Department of Defense by specifically delineating its authorities from those assigned to the Chief Management Officer (CMO) in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). Section 910 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) designated the CMO as the CIO of the Department for the purposes of Defense business systems (10 U.S.C. 2222). The provision assigned the CMO the responsibility of administering the duties and responsibilities specified in sections 11315 and 11319 of title 40, section 3506(a)(2) of title 44, and section 2223(a) of title 10 for business systems and management. The provision also assigned the CMO with any responsibilities, duties, and powers relating to business systems or management that are exercisable by a chief information officer for the Department, other than those responsibilities, duties, and powers of a chief information officer that are vested in the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense by section 142 of title 10, United States Code. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Technical corrections to Department of Defense Test Resource Management Center authority (sec. 904) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 909) that would align the reporting relationship of the Test Resource Management Center to the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, as a conforming change reflecting the disestablishment of the Office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition, Technology, and Logistics. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Specification of certain duties of the Defense Technical Information Center (sec. 905) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 907) that would expand the duties of the Defense Technical Information Center to include execution of the Global Research Watch program and the development and maintenance of datasets and data repositories on research and engineering activities. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Subtitle B—Organization and Management of Other Department of Defense Offices and Elements Comprehensive review of operational and administrative chainsofcommand and functions of the Department of the Navy (sec. 911) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 905) that would amend section 5013 of title 10, United States Code, to require the Secretary of the Navy to designate a single commander within the Department of the Navy responsible for ensuring Navy forces are available for tasking and deployment, including those Navy forces that may be operating from a forward deployed location. This provision would also require the Secretary to designate a single commander for all Navy shipyards, including any located overseas. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1043) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to conduct a comprehensive review of the operational and administrative chainsofcommand and functions in the Department of the Navy. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of the Navy to review the chainsofcommand for Navy shipyards and determine if a single commander should be responsible for all such shipyards. 
Modification of certain responsibilities of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff relating to joint force concept development (sec. 912) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 921) that would clarify the strategic planning role of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff by including both a shortterm and longterm focus on force concept development to meet national security shortfalls. This provision would seek to address joint force capability gaps in addition to present procurement requirements. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would eliminate the specific direction regarding exercising and, if appropriate, fielding joint concept assessments in support of the joint force. The conferees note that not all capability gaps can, or should, be addressed by procurement or addition of endstrength. Expanding joint force concept development efforts should enable the Department of Defense to better meet the diverse set of challenges facing the military in a more efficient manner. Clarification of certain risk assessment requirements of the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff in connection with the National Military Strategy (sec. 913) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 5901) that would amend section 153(b) of title 10, United States Code, to include new language concerning military strategic risks to the United States interests and military risks in executing the National Military Strategy. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict review of United States Special Operations Command (sec. 914) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 922) that would require the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and LowIntensity Conflict, in coordination with the Commander, U.S. Special Operations Command (SOCOM), to conduct a comprehensive review of SOCOM for the purpose of ensuring that the institutional and operational capabilities of special operations forces are appropriate to counter future threats across the spectrum of conflict. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Expansion of principal duties of Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition (sec. 915) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 924) that would expand the principal duties of the Assistant Secretary of the Navy for Research, Development, and Acquisition to include sustainment. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Qualifications for appointment as Deputy Chief Management Officer of a military department (sec. 916) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 923) that would create qualification criteria for military department Deputy Chief Management Officers to include either significant experience in business operations and management in the public sector or significant experience managing an enterprise in the private sector. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that these desired qualifications are intended to be a guide for the military departments to recruit the best possible private and public sector managerial talent with requisite expertise. Deadline for completion of full implementation of requirements in connection with organization of the Department of Defense for management of special operations forces and special operations (sec. 917) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 926) that would require full implementation of the reforms contained in section 922 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that section 922 of Public Law 114–328 included a number of reforms designed to empower the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Special Operations and Low Intensity Conflict (ASD SOLIC) to act as the ‘‘service secretarylike’’ civilian responsible for exercising ‘‘authority, direction and control of all special operationspeculiar administrative matters relating to the organization, training, and equipping of special operations forces (SOF).’’ However, the conferees are concerned that, despite passage of Public Law 114–328 more than 20 months ago, the implementation of the reforms contained in section 922 remain incomplete. The conferees further note that section 922 established a new administrative chain of command to facilitate the exercise of these responsibilities that runs from the Commander of U.S. Special Operations Command (SOCOM) through the ASD SOLIC to the Secretary of Defense, thereby mirroring the relationship between the Secretary of Defense and the service secretaries. This reform was, in part, intended to address the fact that the ASD SOLIC’s organizational location within the office of the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy (USD(P)) has resulted in the ASD SOLIC dedicating the preponderance of their time and resources to policy and operational issues, at the expense of their ‘‘service secretarylike’’ responsibilities. The conferees understand the Department continues to work towards full implementation of this administrative chain of command, but reiterate their intent that the ASD SOLIC is empowered to act independent of the USD(P) in fulfillment of their ‘‘service secretarylike’’ responsibilities related to the organization, training, and equipping of special operations forces. This administrative chain of command is not intended to impact the relationship between the ASD SOLIC and USD(P) on policy matters relating to the employment of special operations forces and related authorities. The conferees also recognize that current civilian manpower within the ASD SOLIC is not sufficient to fulfill the ‘‘service secretarylike’’ responsibilities for the advocacy and oversight of SOF mandated by Congress. The conferees note that, elsewhere in this Act, there is a provision requiring that, of the funds authorized in Operation & Maintenance, Defensewide for U.S. Special Operations Command civilian personnel, not less than $4 million shall be used to fund additional civilian personnel in or directly supporting the ASD SOLIC Secretariat for Special Operations. This provision would also exempt these additional personnel from the overall personnel caps on the Office of the Secretary of Defense. The conferees believe this is an appropriate model for adequately staffing the ASD SOLIC Secretariat for Special Operations. The conferees encourage the Department to request adequate funding in future years and to propose legislative or other recommendations that would facilitate adequate staffing of the ASD SOLIC Secretariat for Special Operations. Crossfunctional teams in the Department of Defense (sec. 918) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 925) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish three cross functional teams (CFTs) as directed in section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114– 328) and would require the Deputy Secretary of Defense to establish or designate an office as the Office of Primary Responsibility for implementing section 911. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that limits the statutory establishment of CFTs to one: the CFT for electronic warfare, which the Department itself has not yet created. In addition to the team established within this provision, the conferees encourage the Secretary of Defense to designate the ongoing teams on personnel security and close combat lethality as CFTs under section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). The conferees stress that this designation should only be made in the event it does not require any changes in either of the ongoing efforts’ organization, management, authorities, mission, or activities. In that regard, the conferees note that these teams already have the characteristics and meet the requirements of CFTs established in law by section 911. The conferees remain committed to monitoring the implementation of section 911 of the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). Limitation on transfer of the Chemical, Biological, and Radiological Defense Division of the Navy (sec. 919) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 922) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to provide a report to the congressional defense committees on the timeline, costs, risks, and benefits of transferring the Chemical, Biological, and Radiological Defense Division in Dahlgren, Virginia, to another location. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment. The conferees note the Chemical, Biological, and Radiological Defense Division of the Navy, currently based at the Naval Surface Warfare Center in Dahlgren, Virginia, consists of a highly effective team of scientists performing critical work for the United States. The Secretary of the Navy has notified Congress of the intent to transfer the division to another location, however, the Secretary has not provided Congress with a detailed cost benefit analysis or any other information that adequately justifies the proposed transfer of the division. Subtitle C—Comprehensive Pentagon Bureaucracy Reform and Reduction Authorities and responsibilities of the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense (sec. 921) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 911) that would amend the authorities of the Chief Management Officer to include budget authority and would authorize the Chief Management Officer to reduce or eliminate duplicative crossenterprise functions across all Defense Agencies and Field Activities. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would amend the Chief Management Officer’s budget authority over all enterprise business operations, adjust the execution requirements to ensure greatest efficiency for 
the Department of Defense, and synchronize cost savings reporting associated with increasing effectiveness and efficiency of certain activities. Analysis of Department of Defense business management and operations datasets to promote savings and efficiencies (sec. 922) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 941) that would direct the Chief Management Officer to develop a policy on the analysis of Department of Defense datasets on business management and operations and to pilot three to five of these previously nonpublic datasets under that policy. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment. The conferees urge the Department to use the exposure of business management and operations datasets as a tool for the accomplishment of enterprise business reform. Periodic review of the Defense Agencies and Department of Defense Field Activities by the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense (sec. 923) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 913) that would require the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Chief Management Officer (CMO), to submit a plan to transfer several Defense Information Systems Agency functions to other Department elements, to eliminate the Washington Headquarters Service, and to review the efficiency and effectiveness of each Defense Agency and Department of Defense Field Activity. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would remove the portions of the provision related to the Defense Information Systems Agency and the Washington Headquarters Service, and amend the review of efficiency and effectiveness. Actions to increase the efficiency and transparency of the Defense Logistics Agency (sec. 924) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 914) that would require that the Director of the Defense Logistics Agency (DLA) and the Chief Management Officer jointly implement a comprehensive system that enables customers to have increased insight into their DLA orders, and to jointly reduce charged rates by at least 10 percent, eliminate duplication of services, and establish specific goals and metrics to ensure the agency is fulfilling its mission. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would amend the provision to add flexibility around the achievement of the savings target. Review of functions of Defense Contract Audit Agency and Defense Contract Management Agency (sec. 925) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 915) that would direct the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment and the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) to conduct a joint review of the Defense Contract Audit Agency and Defense Contract Management Agency to validate their missions and functions and determine if any of their functions could be more appropriately performed by the other Agency, any other organization within the Department of Defense, or commercial providers. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would amend elements of the reporting requirement. Review and improvement of the operations of the Defense Finance and Accounting Service (sec. 926) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 916) that would require that, not later than January 1, 2021, the Chief Management Officer and the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) shall jointly carry out activities to make the Defense Finance and Accounting Services more efficient and effective. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would replace the streamlining activities with a report and amend the reporting requirement. Assessment of chief information officer functions in connection with transition to enterprisewide management of information technology and computing (sec. 927) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 917) that would require that, starting in calendar year 2021, there may not be more than five ‘‘Chief Information Officer’’ in the Department of Defense at the level of Senior Executive Service positions. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would instead require the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense, in conjunction with the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense, to conduct an assessment of chief information officer functions in the Department of Defense and report the results of that assessment to the congressional defense committees. Comptroller General of the United States report on crossenterprise activities of the Inspectors General of the Department of Defense (sec. 928) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 912) that would require the Department of Defense Inspector General (IG) to maximize efficiency among Department IGs with respect to any crossenterprise IG activities. This provision would require each organization or element IG to submit a budget to the Department of Defense IG for review before submission to the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller). The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that replaces the provision with a Comptroller Generals of the United States report on crossenterprise activities of the Inspector General of the organizations and elements of the Department of Defense. General provisions (sec. 929) The House bill included a provision (sec. 918) that would provide authority for the Secretary of Defense and the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense to consolidate certain reporting requirements established in this Act. This section would also define certain terms used in this Act and make certain conforming changes in title 10, United States Code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment. Subtitle D—Other Department of Defense Organization and Management Matters Limitation on availability of funds for major headquarters activities of the Department of Defense (sec. 931) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 931) that would amend chapter 2 of title 10, United States Code, to limit the amount of funds available for major headquarters activities (MHA) within the Department of Defense (DOD). Beginning in fiscal year 2021, the provision would prohibit the DOD from spending more than 1.6 percent of the 10year average of the DOD budget on MHA. Of the funds authorized to be spent on MHA, no more than 0.4 percent of the Department’s 10–year budget average shall be available for Office of the Secretary of Defense MHA entities. Additionally, within the total funds available for MHA, 1 percent of the 10year average of each military department budget shall be available for the MHA requirements of each military department concerned. Any remaining funds available for MHA requirements may be distributed to any MHA organization within the Department of Defense, with the exception of MHA organizations within the Office of the Secretary of Defense. Combatant command MHA requirements will be funded out of these remaining resources. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) to certify, and report to the congressional defense committees by no later than February 1, 2019, the average percentage of the DOD budget spent on major headquarters activities (MHA) over the preceding 10 fiscal years. The amendment would also limit the funds authorized to be spent on MHA in fiscal year 2021 to the percentages certified by the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) in the report described above, as applied against the amount of funding authorized to be appropriated in fiscal year 2021. John S. McCain Strategic Defense Fellows Program (sec. 932) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 937) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish, within 1 year of the date of the enactment of this Act, the Strategic Defense Fellows Program within the Department of Defense (DOD) to provide leadership development and the commencement of a career track toward senior leadership in the Department. The provision would prescribe eligibility, application, selection, assignment, term, and certain pay and benefit requirements for prospective fellows. Additionally, the provision would require the Secretary to ensure fellows receive opportunities and support appropriate for commencement of a career track within the DOD that could lead to a future position of senior leadership within the Department. The provision would include authorization of an appropriation of $10.0 million for each fiscal year for the DOD for operation and maintenance, Defensewide, to carry out the fellows program. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1254A) that would cause section 937 to have no force or effect. The Senate amendment contained another provision (sec. 1254B) that would rename the program, the ‘‘John S. McCain Strategic Fellows Program,’’ and would prescribe the same requirements as section 937. The House bill contained no similar provisions. The Senate recedes on sections 937 and 1254A. The House recedes on section 1254B with an amendment that would authorize assignment of no more than five participants in the fellows program to the office of a service secretary in any year. In addition, the amendment would provide opportunities for participants, upon successful completion of the fellows program, to work at Department installations or field activities for a period between 12 and 24 months. The amendment would include authorization of an appropriation of $10.0 million for each fiscal year for 
the DOD for operation and maintenance, Defensewide, to carry out the fellows program. Performance of civilian functions by military personnel (sec. 933) The House bill included a provision (sec. 903) that would amend section 129a of title 10, United States Code, to require that when the Secretaries of the military departments determine that the performance of civilian functions by military personnel is cost effective, that they further consider whether the functions performed are consistent with the military occupational specialty for which the military personnel have been trained. The Senate amendment included no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the service secretaries, when considering the use of military personnel to perform civilian functions, to take into account the fullyburdened costs of the civilian, military, and contractor workforces, and the impact such assignments would have on military career progression. Report on implementation of requirements on estimation and comparison of costs of civilian and military manpower and contract support for the Department of Defense (sec. 934) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 902) that would amend section 129 of title 10, United States Code, to require the Secretary of Defense to consider the cost of the Department of Defense military and contract workforces, along with the cost of the civilian workforce, when managing the civilian personnel workforce of the Department. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees, not later than March 1, 2019, a report on the implementation of Department of Defense Instruction 7041.04. Review of foreign currency exchange rates and analysis of Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense appropriation (sec. 935) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 923) that would direct the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller), in coordination with each Secretary of a military department, to conduct a review of the exchange rate for such foreign currency used when making a disbursement pursuant to a contract to determine whether costsavings opportunities exist. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment to require the report be submitted by January 31, 2019. Responsibility for policy on civilian casualty matters (sec. 936) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 932) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy to designate a senior civilian official of the Department of Defense at the level of Assistant Secretary of Defense or above to develop, coordinate, and oversee compliance with the policy of the Department relating to civilian casualties resulting from U.S. military operations. Additionally, the provision would require the senior civilian official so designated to submit to the congressional defense committees a report that describes the policies developed under this section and the efforts of the Department to implement those policies. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a clarifying amendment. Additional matters in connection with background and security investigations for Department of Defense personnel (sec. 937) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 933) that would require the Secretary of Defense to report on the number of denials or revocations of a security clearance that occurred separately form a periodic reinvestigation. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment. The conferees note the importance of communicating adjudication decisions from personnel security investigations in a transparent manner to ensure public trust. Research and development to advance capabilities of the Department of Defense in data integration and advanced analytics in connection with personnel security (sec. 938) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 942) that would direct the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence to conduct research and development efforts on continuous evaluation and personnel security. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Subtitle E—Other Matters Trusted information provider program for national security positions and positions of trust (sec. 941) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 935) that would require the Director of National Intelligence to establish a program to share information between and among government agencies and industry partners regarding individuals applying for and in positions of trust. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would include the Suitability Executive Agent and limit the program to enabling government agencies to leverage certain information from industry in order to address privacy concerns. Report on expedited processing of security clearances for missioncritical positions (sec. 942) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 934) that would require the Director of National Intelligence to establish a program for missioncritical positions to complete the processing of an application for a clearance within a designated timeline. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would replace the program with a report on the feasibility and advisability of programs for expedited processing of security clearances for missioncritical positions, including existing barriers to such programs. Report on clearance in person concept (sec. 943) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 936) that would require the Director of National Intelligence to provide a report on the requirements, feasibility, and advisability of implementing a ‘‘clearance in person’’ concept for maintaining access to classified information. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  Authority of Secretary of Defense to determine command and control relationships The House bill contained a provision (sec. 901) would amend section 113 of title 10, United States Code, to specify that the Secretary of Defense may define command and control relationships within the Department of Defense as necessary to support the Department’s objectives and missions. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Powers and duties of the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering in connection with priority emerging technologies The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 901) that would grant the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering the authority to direct the military departments and other elements of the Department of Defense with regard to four priority emerging technologies. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note the existing discretion of the Secretary of Defense to delegate authority within the Department of Defense. Redesignation and modification of responsibilities of Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 902) that would amend section 136 of title 10, United States Code, to redesignate the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness as the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel. This provision would also make the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel the Chief Human Capital Officer for the Department of Defense. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Roles of Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence The House bill contained a provision (sec. 904) that would define the roles of Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, Assessments, Readiness, and Capabilities The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 905) that would establish the roles and responsibilities of the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Strategy, Plans, Assessments, Readiness, and Capabilities effective as of February 1, 2019. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Artificial intelligence and machine learning policy and oversight council The House bill contained a provision (sec. 921) that would direct the Under Secretary of Research and Engineering to establish an Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning Policy and Oversight Council to continuously improve research, innovation, policy, joint processes, and procedures that facilitate the development, acquisition, integration, advancement, and sustainment of artificial intelligence and machine learning throughout the Department of Defense. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note the inclusion elsewhere in this Act of provisions focusing on artificial intelligence progress and governance within the Department of Defense. Redesignation of the Department of the Navy as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps The House bill contained a provision (sec. 931) that would redesignate the Department of the Navy as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. 
Conforming amendments to title 10, United States Code The House bill contained a provision (sec. 932) that would make conforming amendments to title 10, United States Code, consistent with redesignating the Department of the Navy as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Other provisions of law and other references The House bill contained a provision (sec. 933) that would amend other references in the United States Code consistent with the redesignation of the Department of the Navy as the Department of the Navy and Marine Corps. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Effective date The House bill contained a provision (sec. 934) that would make certain House provisions effective on the first day of the first month beginning more than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. TITLE X—G ENERAL PROVISIONS  Subtitle A—Financial Matters General transfer authority (sec. 1001) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1001) that would allow the Secretary of Defense, with certain limitations, to make transfers between amounts authorized for fiscal year 2019 in division A of this Act. This section would limit the total amount transferred under this authority to $5.0 billion. This section would also require prompt notification to Congress of each transfer made. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1001) that would allow the Secretary of Defense to transfer up to $4.5 billion of fiscal year 2019 funds authorized in division A of this Act to unforeseen higher priority needs in accordance with normal reprogramming procedures. The House recedes. Expertise in audit remediation (sec. 1002) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1002) that would amend section 252(b)(2) of chapter 9A of title 10, United States Code, directing the Secretary of Defense to report the number of professionals performing auditing and audit remediation services who hold certain qualifications. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would amend the reporting requirement and add technical corrections to Chapter 9A of title 10, United States Code. Authority to transfer funds to Director of National Intelligence for CAPNET (sec. 1003) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1003) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to transfer an amount that does not exceed $2.0 million to the Director of National Intelligence to provide support for the operation of the CAPNET network. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Audit of financial systems of the Department of Defense (sec. 1004) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1004) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to ensure new or altered financial systems meet applicable Federal requirements through a review performed by an independent public accountant. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would specify that the review be completed by professional accountants reporting independently on their findings. Report on auditable financial statements (sec. 1005) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1005) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report ranking all military departments and Defense Agencies in order of how advanced they are in achieving auditable financial statements as required by law. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1004) that would reinstate a reporting requirement that the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) rank the military departments, Defense Agencies, and Field Activities in terms of audit progress. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would extend the reporting deadline to 90 days. Transparency of accounting firms used to support Department of Defense audit (sec. 1006) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1005) that would require the Secretary of Defense to mandate that any firm under contract or consideration to support the Department of Defense’s full financial statement audit provide a statement documenting any relevant disciplinary proceedings currently in progress involving that firm. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would specify triggering events for these statements, amend the starting date for this authorization, and specify that it applies to audit and audit remediation services. Subtitle B—Naval Vessels and Shipyards Inclusion of operation and sustainment costs in annual naval vessel construction plans (sec. 1011) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1021) that would incorporate operations and sustainment costs into the 30year shipbuilding plan required by section 231 of title 10, United States Code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Purchase of vessels using funds in National Defense Sealift Fund (sec. 1012) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1022) that would expand section 2218 of title 10, United States Code, and authorizes the Secretary of the Navy to procure up to 10 foreignconstructed ships if the Secretary certifies that the U.S. Navy has initiated an acquisition strategy for the construction of 10 new sealift vessels. Additionally, this section would limit 25 percent of the U.S. Navy Military Sealift Command’s fiscal year 2019 expenditures until the Secretary of the Navy enters into a contract for the procurement of two used National Defense Reserve Fleet vessels, and completes the capability development document for the common hull multi mission platform. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1016) that would authorize the purchase of up to seven foreignconstructed vessels. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would expand section 2218 of title 10, United States Code, and authorize the Secretary of the Navy to procure up to seven foreignconstructed vessels. In order to procure more than two such vessels, the Secretary would need to certify that the U.S. Navy has initiated an acquisition strategy for the construction of no fewer than 10 new sealift vessels, with the lead ship anticipated to be delivered by not later than 2026. Purchase of vessels built in foreign shipyards with funds in National Defense Sealift Fund (sec. 1013) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1023) that would modify section 2218 of title 10, United States Code, and require a 30day notice to the congressional defense committees before entering into a contract for a used vessel authorized for procurement by section 2218 of title 10, United States Code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Date of listing of vessels as battle force ships in the Naval Vessel Register and other fleet inventory measures (sec. 1014) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1011) that would clarify the date of listing of vessels as battle force ships in the Naval Vessel Register and other fleet inventory measures. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Technical corrections and clarifications to chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code, and other provisions of law regarding naval vessels (sec. 1015) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1024) that would update chapter 633 of title 10, United States Code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would amend section 7303 of title 10, United States Code; repeal section 7295 of title 10, United States Code; and repeal eight other provisions of law. Dismantlement and disposal of nuclearpowered aircraft carriers (sec. 1016) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1015) that would require a report be submitted to the congressional defense committees prior to awarding a contract for dismantlement and disposal of a nuclearpowered aircraft carrier or providing funding to a naval shipyard for such purpose. This report would require an independent cost estimate performed by the Office of the Secretary of Defense’s Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation office. The provision would also require additional information be provided on the dismantlement and disposal of nuclearpowered aircraft carriers with the materials submitted to the Congress by the Secretary of Defense in support of the budget of the President for each fiscal year. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would remove the requirement for independent cost estimates performed by the Office of the Secretary of Defense’s Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation office. Limitation on use of funds for retirement of hospital ships (sec. 1017) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1025) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to retain two Mercyclass hospital ships until the Secretary has certified to the congressional defense committees that a replacement capability has been fielded. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1017). The House recedes. Inclusion of aircraft carrier refueling overhaul budget request in annual budget justification materials (sec. 1018) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1014) that would require a specific authorization by statute before funds may be obligated or expended for the procurement of a naval nuclear reactor power unit or associated reactor components for the nuclear refueling of an aircraft carrier. 
The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense to include, as part of the budget request for Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy, a detailed aircraft carrier refueling overhaul request, by hull number, including all funding requested for reactor power units and reactor components. The conferees intent is the procurement of nuclear reactor power units and associated reactor components necessary for the nuclear refueling of each aircraft carrier be requested in the Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy account, instead of the Other Procurement, Navy account. Business case analysis of Ready Reserve Force recapitalization options (sec. 1019) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6001) that would require a business case analysis of Ready Reserve Force recapitalization options. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would add a foreigndesigned, U.S.built category of vessels to the business case analysis. Transfer of excess naval vessel to Bahrain (sec. 1020) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6002) that would authorize the President to transfer the exU.S.S. Robert G. Bradley (FFG–49), a guided missile frigate, to the Government of Bahrain. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Subtitle C—Counterterrorism Definition of sensitive military operation (sec. 1031) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1031) that would modify section 130f of title 10, United States Code, regarding notification requirements for sensitive military operations. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would modify section 130f of title 10, United States Code regarding the notification requirements for sensitive military operations, including when a partner force has been designated for the provision of collective selfdefense. The amendment would also require not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act the Secretary of Defense to submit to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives a report that includes a list of any instance in which a member of the Armed Forces has engaged or been engaged by enemy forces, used selfdefense, or provided collective selfdefense of foreign partner forces in a country other than Afghanistan, Iraq, or Syria since December 26, 2013 and a list of all foreign partner forces outside of Afghanistan, Iraq, and Syria for which the Armed Forces are authorized to provide collective selfdefense. Extension of prohibition on use of funds to close or relinquish control of United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba (sec. 1032) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1024) that would extend through fiscal year 2019, the prohibition on the use of funds to close or abandon United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to relinquish control of Guantanamo Bay to the Republic of Cuba, or to implement a material modification to the Treaty between the United States of America and Cuba signed at Washington, D.C. on May 29, 1934, that constructively closes United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay. The House amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States (sec. 1033) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1032) that would prohibit the use of any amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense to be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2019, to transfer or release detainees at U.S. Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1021). The Senate recedes. Prohibition on use of funds to construct or modify facilities in the United States to house detainees transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba (sec. 1034) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1033) that would prohibit the use of any amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense to be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2019, to construct or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any detainee transferred from United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1022). The Senate recedes. Prohibition on use of funds for transfer or release of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to certain countries (sec. 1035) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1034) that would prohibit the use of any amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense to be used during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2019, to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release of any individual detained at U.S. Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to Libya, the Federal Republic of Somalia, the Syrian Arab Republic, or the Republic of Yemen. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1023). The Senate recedes. Subtitle D—Miscellaneous Authorities and Limitations Strategic guidance documents within the Department of Defense (sec. 1041) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1031) that would amend section 113(g) of title 10, United States Code, to identify and clarify three strategic guidance documents that support and implement the National Defense Strategy (NDS). Each document would be expected to meet specific elements as outlined in this provision. In addition, it would require the Secretary of Defense to submit these strategic documents to the congressional defense committees. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would remove the requirement for the Secretary of Defense to provide an annual report or briefing on the Contingency Planning Guidance (CPG)/Guidance for Employment of the Force (GEF). The amendment would also require the Secretary to provide a comprehensive briefing to the congressional defense committees on the Defense Planning Guidance (DPG). Notification on the provision of defense sensitive support (sec. 1042) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1041) that would modify the current Defense Sensitive Support congressional notification procedures, to include a Secretary of Defense determination that the requesting Federal department has reasonably attempted to satisfy the requirement using internal resources, and that the Department of Defense is the most appropriate Federal agency or department to satisfy the request for support. This section would also add a congressional notification requirement for Department of Defense requests for Reverse Defense Sensitive Support from other Federal departments or agencies. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment. Coordinating United States response to malign foreign influence operations and campaigns (sec. 1043) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1042) that would amend section 101 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3021) to explicitly task the National Security Council (NSC) to coordinate the full U.S. Government response to malign foreign influence operations and campaigns, particularly those that are cyberenabled. This section would define ‘‘malign foreign influence operations and campaigns,’’ and would require the President to task an NSC official with combating it, and further requires the President to submit a report to the designated congressional committees not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act on the wholeofgovernment strategy for combating malign foreign influence operations. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment. Clarification of reimbursable allowed costs of FAA memoranda of agreement (sec. 1044) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1095) that would amend section 47504(c)(2) of title 49, United States Code by clarifying the definition of reimbursable allowed costs of Federal Aviation Administration memoranda of agreement. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Workforce issues for military realignments in the Pacific (sec. 1045) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1043) that would amend section 1806 of title 48, United States Code, to allow the continued employment of temporary workers on Guam engaged in the military realignment to Guam or to perform service as a health care worker. This section would also exempt returning workers from the cap on such workers in the event of a single departure and return to Guam. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would strike the returning worker portions of the provision. Mitigation of operational risks posed to certain military aircraft by automatic dependent surveillancebroadcast equipment (sec. 1046) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1044) that would enable the Secretary of Defense to mitigate the operational risk posed 
to certain military aircraft by the Federal Aviation Administration nextgeneration airspace control mandate that takes effect on January 1, 2020. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Limitation on availability of funds for unmanned surface vehicles (sec. 1047) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1045) that would limit the availability of funds until the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering submits a certification to the congressional defense committees on the ghost fleet overlord unmanned surface vehicle program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would eliminate the certification requirement to change the contracting officer and only limit 50 percent of funds made available for the ghost fleet overlord unmanned surface vehicle program until the certification is submitted. Pilot program for Department of Defense controlled unclassified information in the hands of industry (sec. 1048) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1046) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish and implement a foreign ownership, control, or influence program for Department of Defense controlled unclassified information in the hands of industry. The Secretary would be required to act to ensure that prior to any company receiving controlled unclassified information or classified information, or becoming a cleared defense contractor, the company would have to report to the Secretary any foreign direction or controlling interest in the company or any access to intellectual property relating to classified information or controlled unclassified information. The Secretary would also be required to make a determination on the basis of such a company’s report whether the company should receive such information due to a risk to national security and whether such risk can be mitigated. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish and implement a pilot program for oversight of designated Department of Defense controlled unclassified information in the hands of defense contractors with foreign ownership, control, or influence concerns. The conferees are aware that foreign intelligence services are aggressively targeting defense contractors to obtain both classified and unclassified defense information. The conferees expect the department to apply appropriate protections to both classified and controlled unclassified information in the hands of industry. The conferees also acknowledge the importance of compliance with sound cyber security regulations by defense contractors and therefore amended the provision to include a pilot program with the Chief of Information Officer. Critical technologies list (sec. 1049) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1035) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish and maintain a list of emerging and foundational technologies that are necessary for maintaining the national security technical advantage of the United States. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec.239) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to develop a list of militarily critical technologies and manufacturing capabilities. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would amend the elements of the list and add additional guidance on the use and publication of the list. Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry (sec. 1050) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1048) that would require the Secretary of Defense to educate individuals who may be eligible to enroll in the Airborne Hazards and Open Burn Pit Registry. The Senate bill contained a similar provision (sec. 6005). The Senate recedes. National Security Commission on Artificial Intelligence (sec. 1051) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1050A) that would require the establishment of an independent Commission to review advances in artificial intelligence and machine learning with national security implications. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note the importance of maintaining a technological advantage in artificial intelligence and associated technologies related to national security and defense. While technological developments in these areas are critical, it is also vital to assess the implications of the incorporation of artificial intelligence into future defense applications and the risks associated with foreign adversary advances in military employment of artificial intelligence and machine learning, including international law of armed conflict, humanitarian law, ethical guidelines, and escalation dynamics. Authority to transfer funds for Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup (sec. 1052) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1061) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to transfer funds to the Secretary of State for the Bien Hoa dioxin cleanup in Vietnam. The provision would authorize not more than $15,000,000 may be transferred in each fiscal years 2019 through 2027. The House contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would authorize not more than $15,000,000 of funds for fiscal year 2019. Guidance on the electronic warfare mission area and joint electromagnetic spectrum operations (sec. 1053) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1058) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff (CJCS), to develop an implementation plan to conduct joint campaign modeling and wargaming for joint electromagnetic spectrum operations (JEMSO) of the Department of Defense (DOD), and to submit that plan in the form of a report. It would also require a briefing on essential topics and functions of the Department’s JEMSO enterprise. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1032) that would establish a senior designated official and an associated crossfunctional team to update DOD’s June 2017 Electronic Warfare strategy and submit it, along with a road map of the referenced requirements and plans. The road map would include: (1) The efforts undertaken in support of the 2017 DOD Electronic Warfare strategy and any updates or changes to the strategy since its issuance; (2) A review of the vulnerabilities identified in the May 2015 Electronic Warfare assessment; (3) An assessment of the capability of the joint force to conduct joint electromagnetic spectrum operations against peer competitors; and (4) A description of actions, performance metrics, projected timelines for achieving key capabilities for electronic warfare and joint electromagnetic spectrum operations. The House recedes with an amendment that would modify the roles and responsibilities of the senior designated official. It would also update the reporting requirements to include an assessment of the electronic warfare capabilities of Russia and China, a review of U.S. vulnerabilities with respect to electronic systems, and a study of the manner in which Russia and China develop electronic warfare doctrine. The amendment would also strengthen the capacity of the senior designated official and the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee to propose governance, management, organizational, and operational reforms to the Secretary of Defense. The conferees note the operational advantages provided by electronic warfare and cyber capabilities and expects the Department to dedicate additional resources to the problem set. The conferees remain concerned that electronic and cyber warfare are two warfighting areas where our peer adversaries, such as China and Russia, are establishing significant asymmetric advantages and the conferees urge swift action by the Department’s leadership to regain United States superiority in these warfighting areas. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to provide the congressional defense committees a briefing not later than February 25, 2019, on: (1) An update on the progress of the Department in implementing the pilot program authorized by section 234 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 10 U.S.C. 113 note); (2) The progress of the Department in establishing a network to connect an electromagnetic battle management system to multiple sensor and intelligence data feeds to implement electronic warfare battle management for networked electronic warfare and dynamic reprogramming with automated near real time capabilities, and (3) The number of personnel assigned to joint electromagnetic spectrum operations mission activities. The personnel information should include officers, enlisted members, and civilian personnel, set forth separately by career field designator and rank for each military service, combatant command, and defense agency. It should also include a comparison of commissioned officer promotion rates, by grade, as compared to the average promotion rates for commissioned officers, by grade, in each military service, over the five most recent promotion cycles that have been completed since the end of fiscal year 2018. Subtitle E—Studies and Reports Annual reports by the Armed Forces on Out Year Unconstrained Total Munitions Requirements and OutYear inventory numbers (sec. 1061) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1042) that would amend title 10 to require the Services provide an annual report to the Congress detailing the Armed Forces’ annual total munitions requirements and outyear munitions inventory numbers. The details of the report would be based on the Department of Defense’s munitions requirements process. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Improvement of annual report on civilian casualties in connection with United States military operations (sec. 1062) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1051) that would amend section 1057(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) to include an annual reporting requirement on civilian casualties in connection with U.S. military operations. 
The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1046) that would amend section 1057 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) to clarify annual reporting requirements on civilian casualties in connection with United States military operations. The House recedes. Report on capabilities and capacities of Armored Brigade Combat Teams (sec. 1063) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1045) that would require the Secretary of the Army to submit a report on the capabilities and capacities of Armored Brigade Combat Teams. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Activities and reporting related to Department of Defense’s Cloud Initiative (sec. 1064) The House bill contained a provision that would prohibit certain funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act from being obligated or expended for the Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure until the Secretary of Defense provides a report to the congressional defense committees on the Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure. The Senate amendment contained a provision that would direct the Cloud Executive Steering Group to execute certain activities enabling the Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure such as securing networks and conducting workload migration analysis. The Senate amendment also contained a limitation on new system and application approvals unless an assessment that such system is, can, or would be cloudhosted. Additionally, the Senate amendment contained a provision providing for transparency and competition. The Senate recedes with an amendment that lowers the prohibition on certain funds, provides for a waiver on the new system and application approval, and directs the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Defense (DOD), acting through the Cloud Executive Steering Group, to conduct certain activities enabling DOD’s cloud initiatives. The conferees have long championed modernization of information technology throughout DOD agencies, services, and other entities to facilitate efficiencies, cost savings, enhance performance, and to provide our warfighters with cuttingedge capabilities on and off the battlefield. The conferees emphasize the importance of modernizing networks by adopting advancing commercial capabilities to achieve DOD’s cloud transition and enterprise efficiency goals. Further, the conferees believe that workload analysis is critical to understanding migration feasibility and costs. Especially where barriers stem from technical, intellectual property, and data rights issues that are poorly understood, such barriers may fundamentally limit the potential utility of commercial cloud services to the Department. The conferees encourage the Department to continue to ensure that cloud technologies are technically suitable, appropriately tested for security and reliability, and integrated with other DOD information technology efforts so as to optimize effective and efficient procurement of such technologies and services and their performance in support of DOD missions. Finally, the conferees note that although transparency and information sharing by the Department on the Cloud Initiative has slightly improved, it continues to be insufficient for conducting congressional oversight. The conferees expect the Department to improve communication with Congress on this issue and will consider additional legislation if an improvement is not seen. Limitation on use of funds for United States Special Operations Command Global Messaging and CounterMessaging platform (sec. 1065) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1054) that would limit the availability of funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act, or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019, until the Secretary of Defense provides a report to the congressional defense committees on the United States Special Operations Command (SOCOM) Global Messaging and CounterMessaging (GMCM) platform. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1033) that would prohibit the use of any funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for the SOCOM GMCM platform until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a report containing detailed information relating to the platform and SOCOM’s military information support enterprise. The House recedes with an amendment that would prohibit the use of any funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act for SOCOM’s GMCM platform until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a report containing detailed information relating to the platform. The conferees understand that the Secretary of Defense identified SOCOM as the Department of Defense’s (DOD) proponent for military information support operations (MISO) and directed the establishment of a centralized GMCM platform at SOCOM. Given SOCOM’s transregional approach to matters within its purview, the conferees believe the command is positioned to play an important role in supporting the GMCM activities of the other combatant commands by enabling facilities and contracting efficiencies, the capture and adoption of best practices, and messaging consistency across geographic boundaries. However, the budget request lacks sufficient detail on the plan for establishment of the GMCM capability, including the identification of budget, infrastructure and equipment requirements for the platform to reach full operational capability as well as an identification of longterm sustainment costs. Additionally, the conferees require greater understanding of how GMCM planning and activities will be deconflicted and, where possible, integrated with the planning and activities of the combatant commands as well as other relevant departments and agencies of the United States Government, including the Department of State’s Global Engagement Center. The amendment would also require the Secretary of Defense not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act to submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing a review and assessment of the doctrine, organization, training, materiel, leadership and education, personnel, and facilities applicable to military information support personnel and recommend changes for enhancing the ability of military information support personnel to operate effectively in the current and future information environment. Comprehensive review of professionalism and ethics programs for special operations forces (sec. 1066) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1055) that would direct the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretaries of the military departments, to conduct a comprehensive review of the ethics and professionalism programs of the U.S. Special Operations Command (SOCOM) and the military departments for officers and other military personnel serving in special operations forces. This section would require the Secretary of Defense to submit the review to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives by March 1, 2019. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a comprehensive review of the ethics programs and professionalism programs of SOCOM and of the military departments for officers and other military personnel serving in special operations forces and submit the review to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives by March 1, 2019. Munitions assessments and futureyears defense program requirements (sec. 1067) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1056) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment to provide all relevant documents related to the Department of Defense’s munitions requirements process, as well as provide the planned funding and munitions requirements required for fiscal year 2020 and across the Future Years Defense Program for munitions across all military services and the Missile Defense Agency. This section would also require the Under Secretary to evaluate and identify supply chain risks, including qualified supplier shortages or single source supplier vulnerabilities for munitions production. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Report on establishment of Army Futures Command (sec. 1068) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1057) that would require the Secretary of the Army to submit a report on the Army’s plan for the establishment of Army Futures Command. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Report on cyberenabled information operations (sec. 1069) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1061) that would require the President to provide to the Committees on Armed Services and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Armed Services and Foreign Relations of the Senate a report, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, on the effects of cyberenabled information operations on the national security of the United States. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Report on unmanned aircraft in Arlington National Cemetery (sec. 1070) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1062) that states a sense of Congress that the Administrator of the Federal Aviation Administration (FAA) and the Secretary of Defense should coordinate to: (1) Prevent the flight of unmanned aircraft over Arlington National Cemetery, to the maximum amount practical, in order to preserve the sacred atmosphere of the cemetery as a national shrine; and (2) Restrict all flights of unmanned aircraft over Arlington National Cemetery during the execution of funeral services, except in emergency situations, the execution of national security operations, and unmanned aircraft flown at the request of the family participating in funeral services. The provision would require a briefing from the Secretary and the FAA Administrator not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to the Committees on Armed Services, Transportation and 
Infrastructure, and Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Armed Services, Commerce, Science, and Transportation, and Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate on whether legislative action is required to prevent low flying unmanned aircraft from disrupting funerals at Arlington National Cemetery. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense and the FAA Administrator to submit a letter report to the same committees not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. The conferees encourage the Secretary of Defense and the FAA Administrator to coordinate on the prevention of unauthorized flights of unmanned aircraft over Arlington National Cemetery to preserve the sanctity of the cemetery as a national shrine. Report on an updated Arctic strategy (sec. 1071) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1063) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit not later than June 1, 2019 to the congressional defense committees a report on an updated Arctic strategy to improve and enhance joint operations, with additional reporting on Russian and Chinese activity in the Arctic region. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1253) that would require the service secretaries to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the strategy of the Army, the Navy, the Marine Corps, and the Air Force, respectively, for the Arctic region. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the report to include a description of the United States national security interests in the Arctic region, an assessment of the threats and security challenges posed by adversaries in the region, and a description of the level of cooperation between the Department of Defense and other relevant departments, agencies, and State, local, and Tribal entities related to the defense of the region. Report on use and availability of military installations for disaster response (sec. 1072) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1093) that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a report on the use and availability of military installations for disaster response. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Report on Department of Defense participation in Export Administration Regulations license application review process (sec. 1073) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1047) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the participation by the Department of Defense in the process for reviewing applications for export licenses under the Export Administration Regulations as a reviewing agency under Executive Order 12981. The provision would require that the report be submitted to the congressional defense committees not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act and every 180 days thereafter until the date that is 3 years after such date of enactment. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would add the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House as recipients of the report. Military aviation readiness review in support of the National Defense Strategy (sec. 1074) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1044) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish a joint review of military aviation and deliver an accompanying report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. The Senate bill also contained a provision (sec. 6003) that would make a technical correction to sec. 1044. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would incorporate the technical correction into the underlying provision. Report on highestpriority roles and missions of the Department of Defense and the Armed Forces (sec. 1075) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1041) that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide a report to the congressional defense committees concerning a reevaluation of the highest priority missions for the Department of Defense, the roles of the Joint Force in the performance of such missions, and the capability requirements which stem from them. The required report, due February 2019, includes a series of questions further inquiring about the specific impacts of the National Defense Strategy on the Department of Defense. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would modify the questions of the report requirement to reevaluate the roles and missions of the Joint Force. Furthermore, the amendment would require the report be submitted by March 31, 2019. The conferees note that a new National Defense Strategy was released in 2018 prioritizing the development of a more lethal joint force that is ready to deter and, if necessary, defeat aggression by great power competitors with advanced military capabilities. The conferees realize that the Department has begun implementing the National Defense Strategy, however, the strategy, and its implications for the size, structure, shape, mission, and employment of the joint force, were not completed in time to fully inform the President’s fiscal year 2019 budget request. As the Department continues to implement changes from the National Defense Strategy, the conferees recommend the Department conduct further analytical work in order to facilitate the implementation of the strategy. Subtitle F—Other Matters Technical, conforming, and clerical amendments (sec. 1081) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1071) that would make a number of technical, conforming, and clerical amendments of a nonsubstantive nature to existing law. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment. Principal Advisor on Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction (sec. 1082) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1072) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to designate, from among the personnel of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, a Principal Advisor on Countering Weapons of Mass Destruction (CWMD). Such individual would act as the Principal Advisor to the Secretary on the activities of the Department of Defense relating to countering weapons of mass destruction. Furthermore, this provision would require a plan for realigning or restructuring the current CWMD oversight framework of the Office of the Secretary of Defense. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would change the directive to designate a Principal Advisor on CWMD to a permissive recommendation to create such a position. The amendment would also require a plan 180 days after the date of enactment to streamline oversight of countering weapons of mass destruction within the Office of the Secretary of Defense. The amendment requires the Secretary to issue a directive not later than 90 days after the oversight plan is issued for the Countering Weapon of Mass Destruction (WMD)—Unity of Effort Council to implement the plan within the Department. Finally, concurrent with the annual budget submission by the Department, through fiscal year 2024, the Secretary shall submit a concise budget summary provided by the Comptroller for all countering WMD activities of the Department, including, a list of actions taken to promote the unity of effort for countering WMD, a list of topics the Countering WMD—Unity of Effort Council has considered and their resolution, a list of current and future WMD threats and a plan consistent with the future years defense program to counter those threats. Modification of authority to transfer aircraft to other departments for wildfire suppression purposes (sec. 1083) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1075) that would amend section 1098 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66) to relieve the Air Force from the mandate to modify United States Coast Guard (USCG) HC–130H aircraft with firefighting capabilities for use by the United States Forest Service (USFS). The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would maintain the mandate for the Air Force to modify the USCG HC–130H aircraft, but designate the state of California as the ultimate recipient of the aircraft, vice the USFS. Improvement of database on emergency response capabilities (sec. 1084) The Senate bill contained a provision (sec. 1062) that would amend section 1406 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2007 (Public Law 109–364) to require the Department of Defense (DOD) to establish the database required under that section not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act. Furthermore, the provision would require the database to include information on the emergency response capabilities of the National Guard of each U.S. Territory and information on the cyber capabilities of National Guard and Reserve units identified by DOD as critical for response to domestic natural or manmade disasters. Finally, the provision would clarify that the Department may use an existing database or system to fulfill the requirement to establish a database under certain circumstances. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical, clarifying amendment. Disclosure requirements for United Statesbased foreign media outlets (sec. 1085) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1096) that would add section 722 to title 47, United States Code, to mandate disclosure requirements for United Statesbased foreign media outlets. The provision would also require a report from United Statesbased foreign media outlets to the Federal Communications Commission not later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act and not less than every 6 months thereafter. The Commission would also submit a report to Congress not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act and not less than every 6 months thereafter on their findings and ensure the findings are available for public consumption. 
The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees recognize the need for greater transparency of foreign government owned media outlets. Foreign governments, namely Russia and China, use government media to disseminate disinformation to sway public opinion and impact our political processes. The conferees direct such outlets disclose their foreign government ownership to Congress and the American people to ensure there is greater visibility of the role of foreign governments in our media landscape. The conferees note this provision is intended to apply only to foreignbased media companies who act as an agent of or at the order, request, or under the direct control of a government of a foreign country or foreign political party. United States policy with respect to freedom of navigation and overflight (sec. 1086) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1064) that would state that it is the policy of the United States to fly, sail, and operate throughout the oceans, seas, and airspace of the world wherever international law allows. The provisions would also set forth certain steps the Secretary of Defense should take in the implementation of such policy. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify that the United States, in furtherance of its policy with respect to freedom of navigation and overflight, should execute routine and regular air and maritime freedom of navigation operations throughout the year in accordance with international law, including, but not limited to, maneuvers beyond innocent passage. National Commission on Military Aviation Safety (sec. 1087) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1078) that would establish a National Commission on Military Aviation Safety. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would provide further details on the establishment and operations of the commission. The conferees believe the Secretary of Defense should take all appropriate actions to increase aircraft maintenance availability and pilot training and proficiency to ensure the highest levels of flight safety. Sense of Congress regarding the international borders of the United States (sec. 1088) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1084) that would express the sense of Congress on the importance of gaining and maintaining control of the international borders of the United States, the role and importance of devoting adequate resources for the Department of Homeland Security to accomplish that mission, and the role and importance of adequate resources for the Department of Defense to support that mission while maintaining combat readiness. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Policy on response to juvenileonjuvenile problematic sexual behavior committed on military installations (sec. 1089) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1036) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish a policy, applicable across the military installations of the Department of Defense, on the response of the Department to allegations of juvenile onjuvenile abuse on military installations. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary to establish a policy, applicable across the military installations of the Department of Defense, on the response of the Department to allegations of juvenileonjuvenile problematic sexual behavior on military installations. Recognition of America’s veterans (sec. 1090) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1077) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to provide support as the Secretary determines to be appropriate for a parade to be carried out in the District of Columbia. The Secretary would be permitted to expend funds for the display of small arms and munitions appropriate for customary ceremonial honors and for the participation of military units that perform customary ceremonial duties. The provision would prohibit the expenditure of funds to provide certain vehicles, platforms, munitions, and operational units if the Secretary determines doing so would undermine military readiness. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Prohibition of funds for Chinese language instruction provided by a Confucius Institute (sec. 1091) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1065) that would that would prohibit funds to be obligated or expended for Chinese language instruction provided by a Confucius Institute. The provision would also prohibit funds to be obligated or expended to support a Chinese language program at an institution of higher education that hosts a Confucius Institute unless the Under Secretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness provides a certification to the congressional defense committees concerning the relationship of Confucius Institute employees and instructors to the Chinese language program. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify that none of the funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense under this Act may be obligated or expended for Chinese language instruction provided by a Confucius Institute. The amendment would also impose a limitation on funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense under this Act may be obligated or expended to support a Chinese language program at an institution of higher education that hosts a Confucius Institute. The amendment would allow the Undersecretary of Defense for Personnel and Readiness to waive this limitation if the Under Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that (a) Confucius Institute employees and instructors will provide no instruction or educational support to the program; (b) Confucius Institute employees and instructors will have no authority with regard to the curriculum and activities of the program; and (c) the institution has made available to the Department of Defense all memoranda of understanding, contracts, and other agreements between the institution and the Confucius Institute, or between the institution and any agency of or organization affiliated with the government of the People’s Republic of China. The amendment would also clarify that the prohibition and limitation shall not apply to an institution of higher education by reason that the institution funds or sponsors an event or activity, regardless of any affiliation of any individual who participates in the event or activity, and shall not be construed to prohibit funding for other programs, research or other activities at an institution that hosts a Confucius institute. Department of Defense engagement with certain nonprofit entities in support of missions of deployed United States personnel around the world (sec. 1092) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1074) that would amend title 36, United States Code, to establish a federal charter for Spirit of America. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1063) that would express the sense of the Senate regarding collaboration with and the provision of logistical support to covered nonFederal entities, including Spirit of America and would authorize the Department of Defense (DOD), consistent with applicable guidance, to accept from any covered nonFederal entity privately funded humanitarian, economic, and other nonlethal assistance; and respond to requests from covered nonFederal entities for the identification of the needs of local populations abroad for assistance, and coordinate with such entities in the provision and distribution of such assistance. The House recedes with an amendment that would express the sense of Congress that United States military commanders should, consistent with applicable laws, regulations, and guidance developed consistent with section 1088 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), engage with and provide logistical support to covered nonFederal entities, including Spirit of America, to advance the military missions of the Armed Forces. The amendment would also require not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on DOD engagement with covered nonfederal entities. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  Inclusion of funds for Air Force passthrough items in Defensewide budget for the Department of Defense The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1002) that would require the Secretary of Defense to transfer Air Force pass through budget items to the defensewide budget for fiscal year 2020 and future budget requests. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Department of Defense support for combating opioid trafficking and abuse The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1011) that would express the sense of Congress on the role of the Department of Defense in support of other Federal agencies addressing the opioid epidemic in the United States. The provision would further increase funds authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Defense National Guard counterdrug programs for fiscal year 2019 by $20.0 million. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees express strong concern over the growth of the opioid epidemic in the United States over the past 15 years. The number of deaths in the United States related to opioid use in 2016 was 42,269 according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The conferees note that the Office of National Drug Control Policy is the lead agency for coordinating the Federal response to address the opioid epidemic. The Department of Defense plays a vital supporting role by providing key capabilities such as intelligence analysis, preventative education programs, and assistance to other lead Federal government interagency partners. The conferees encourage continued 
strong cooperation between the Department of Defense and other Federal partners in identifying transnational criminal organizations and combating the opioid epidemic. Authority to transfer individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba, to the United States temporarily for emergency or critical medical treatment The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1025) that would authorize the temporary transfer of individuals detained at United States Naval Station, Guantanamo Bay, Cuba to the United States for necessary medical treatment that is not available at Guantanamo. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Sense of Congress on the basing of KC–46A aircraft outside the continental United States The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1034) that would express the sense of Congress on the basing KC–46A aircraft outside the continental United States. The House bill contained a similar provision (sec. 1099A). The Senate and the House recede. The conferees agree that the Secretary of the Air Force, as part of the strategic basing process for KC–46A aircraft, should continue to consider the benefits derived from locations outside the continental United States that: (1) Support daytoday air refueling operations, operations plans of the combatant commands, and flexibility for contingency operations, and have: (a) a strategic location that is essential to the defense of the United States and its interests; (b) receivers for boom or probeanddrogue training opportunities with joint and international partners; and (c) sufficient airfield and airspace availability and capacity to meet requirements; and (2) Possess facilities that: (a) take full advantage of existing infrastructure to provide — (i) runway, hangars, and aircrew and maintenance operations; and (ii) sufficient fuels receipt, storage and distribution capacities for a 5–day peacetime operating stock; and (b) minimize overall construction and operational costs. Relinquishment of legislative jurisdiction of criminal offenses on military installations The Senate amendment included a provision (sec. 1035) that would, in the case of any military installation or portion of a military installation of which exclusive legislative jurisdiction of criminal offenses committed by juveniles is retained by the United States as of the date of the enactment of this Act, would require the relevant service secretary to seek to relinquish to the State, Commonwealth, territory, or possession concerned legislative jurisdiction of such offenses such that the United States and the State, Commonwealth, territory, or possession would have concurrent legislative jurisdiction of such offenses. The House bill included no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees are concerned about the lack of State or local criminal jurisdiction over offenses committed on those portions of military installations with exclusive Federal jurisdiction by individuals not subject to the Uniform Code of Military Justice. Therefore, the conferees direct service secretaries to seek to relinquish jurisdiction pursuant to section 2683 of title 10, United States Code, such that the United States and the State, Commonwealth, territory, or possession would have concurrent jurisdiction over offenses committed on these military installations. Not later than 15 months after the date of enactment of this act, each service secretary shall submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the relinquishment of jurisdiction. The report shall include the following pertaining to military installations under the jurisdiction of the Secretary: (1) A list of the installations or portions of installations where jurisdiction was relinquished pursuant to this directive; (2) A list of the installations or portions of installations where the Secretary offered to relinquish jurisdiction, but the State, Commonwealth, territory, or possession declined to accept the relinquishment of jurisdiction; (3) A list of the installations or portions of installations where the Secretary elected not to seek relinquishment of jurisdiction and the reason for not seeking such relinquishment; and (4) A complete list of the installations or portions of installations of which the United States continues to exercise exclusive jurisdiction over criminal offenses as of the date of the report. For juvenile offenses committed on portions of military installations where concurrent jurisdiction exists, the conferees strongly urge that jurisdiction over individual cases involving juveniles be relinquished only where the State, Commonwealth, territory, or possession concerned has procedures under which cases involving juvenile offenders can be adjudicated in a juvenile proceeding unless the offense is of sufficient gravity that adjudication as an adult is appropriate. Additionally, the conferees encourage the military command and the entity exercising jurisdiction over juveniles to seek to avoid unnecessary separation of juveniles from parents or legal guardians. Automatic sunset for future statutory reporting requirements The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1048) that would establish an automatic sunset of three years for future statutory reporting requirements of indefinite duration. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that excess reporting requirements impose costs on the Department of Defense that compound over time. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to report to the congressional defense committees, no later than April 1, 2019, a list of reporting requirements of indefinite duration that the Secretary believes are over burdensome or overcome by other requirements. Such report should include the Secretary’s analysis of reports listed in section 1061 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). Sale of surplus Department of Defense equipment to eligible farmers The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1050) that would permit the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, to transfer excess Department of Defense (DOD) equipment related to farming to eligible military veterans who are beginning careers as farmers prior to such property being made available for public sale. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees encourage the Defense Logistics Agency to continue to engage with and educate relevant stakeholder organizations, current customers, and prospective participants, including veterans farming organizations, in programs that sell or transfer excess DOD property to ensure that the programs reach a wide array of customers, including military veterans beginning careers in the agricultural sector. Report on potential improvements to certain military educational institutions of the Department of Defense The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1050) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives no later than December 1, 2019, reviewing educational institutions of the Department of Defense (DOD). The review would be conducted by an outside organization with expertise in analyzing matters in connection with higher education. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the Comptroller General of the United States is currently conducting a study at the direction of Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives related to the quality of curricula and faculty at Professional Military Education (PME) and Joint Professional Military Education (JPME) institutions. In addition to the questions addressed by that study, the conferees direct the Comptroller General to provide preliminary observations to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, no later than February 1, 2019, with a report to follow, that are address the following additional questions: (1) How do the admission standards and graduation requirements of the educational institutions of the DOD compare with the admission standards, graduation requirements, and graduation rates of public and private institutions of higher education? (2) How do the goals and missions of the educational institutions of the DOD compare with the goal and missions of similar public and private institutions of higher education? (3) How would modifications to admissions and graduation requirements affect the quality of education at PME and JPME institutions? (4) How would modifications to the following policies or practices influence the quality of education at PME/JPME institutions? a. Modification of admission and graduation requirements; b. Reduction or expansion of degreegranting authority; c. Reduction or expansion of the acceptance of research grants; d. Reduction of class size generally; e. Reduction of class size through increased sponsoring of military students at nonDOD higher education institutions; f. Increase in the frequency of curriculum changes to account for emerging national defense issue; and g. Modification of civilian faculty management and employment practices. Expansion of definition of covered facility or asset for purposes of protection from unmanned aircraft The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1050B) that would expand the definition of covered facility or asset for the purposes of protection from unmanned aircraft. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Recruiting costs of the Armed Forces 
The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1051) that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives on the costs of recruiting for the Armed Forces. 
The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Department of Defense Review and Assessment on Advances, Opportunities, and Risks Related to Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1052) that would direct the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Defense Innovation Board and the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, to carry out a review and assessment of the advances in artificial intelligence, related machine learning developments, and associated technologies for military applications. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note the inclusion elsewhere in this Act of provisions focusing on artificial intelligence progress and governance within the Department of Defense. Report on support for noncontiguous States and Territories in the event of threats and incidents The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1059) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the Department of Defense’s (DOD) support to noncontiguous States and Territories in the aftermath of natural or manmade incidents. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note the importance of DOD’s support to civil authorities in the event of natural and manmade disasters, including disasters affecting noncontiguous States and Territories such as recent hurricanes affecting Puerto Rico and volcanic eruptions affecting Hawaii. The conferees therefore direct the Secretary of Defense to submit a report not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act on the preparedness of DOD in providing support to noncontiguous States and Territories in the aftermath of applicable natural and manmade disasters, threats, and emergencies. The report should discuss support provided under section 403(c) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (Public Law 100–707) and incidents including natural disasters, acts of terrorism, and industrial accidents. The report should be submitted in unclassified form, but may contain a classified annex. Report on lowboom flight demonstration The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1060) that would require the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to submit a report to Congress describing the progress in development of the LowBoom Flight Demonstration. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report on desalinization technology The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1064) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to submit a report on desalinization technology’s application process for defense and national security purposes. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of the Navy to submit a report to the congressional defense committees no later than February 1, 2019 on desalinization technology’s application for defense and national security purposes to provide drought relief to areas impacted by sharp declines in water resources. Report on implementation of recommendations in Defense Business Board study The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1065) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on the efforts of the Secretary to implement recommendations in the study set forth by the Defense Business Board (DBB) titled ‘‘Transforming Department of Defense’s Core Business Processes for Revolutionary Change.’’ The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that a number of analyses, including the DBB study, the Government Accountability Office High Risk List, and Department of Defense Inspector General reports have pointed to waste of resources due to inefficiencies within the business functions of the Department of Defense. The conferees direct the Chief Management Officer to carefully review these studies and incorporate them as appropriate in the efforts already underway by the Secretary of Defense’s Reform Management Group (RMG). The Secretary of Defense shall provide a report on RMG to the congressional defense committees no later than six months after date of enactment of this Act, including upfront costs and savings from RMG activities. Receipt of Firearm or Ammunition The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1073) that would amend title 18, United States Code, to require that, for the purposes of Federal firearms laws, the residency of members of the Armed Forces and their spouses be determined on the same basis. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that the residence of a spouse of a member of the Armed Forces is the State in which that spouse resides, which is the State of the permanent duty station of the member, or such other State where the spouse may reside. Reauthorization of National Aviation Heritage Area The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1076) that would amend title V of division J of the Consolidated Appropriations Act of 2005 (Public Law 108–447) to establish Dayton History as the entity responsible for managing the National Aviation Heritage Area. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Target practice and marksmanship training support The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1079) that would amend sections 669a, 669g, and 669h of title 16, United States Code, to expand opportunities for construction and sustainment of target practice and marksmanship training facilities at public target ranges on Federal and nonFederal land. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Sense of Congress on adversary air capabilities The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1080) that would express the sense of Congress on adversary air capabilities. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees agree that each facility of the Department of Defense housing an F–22 aircraft squadron should have adversary air capabilities to improve the training of F–22 aircrews. Sense of Congress regarding organic attack aviator training capability The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1081) that would provide a sense of Congress regarding organic attack aviator training capability in the Army National Guard. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees support an organic attack aviator training capability in the Army National Guard. Sense of Congress on the Legacy, Contributions, and Sacrifices of American Indian and Alaska Natives in the Armed Forces The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1082) that would express the sense of Congress on the legacy, contributions, and sacrifices of American Indian and Alaska Natives in the Armed Forces, and commits to ensuring progress for these groups with regard to representation in senior leadership positions, improved access to resources, and support for families and tribal communities. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Amateur radio parity The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1083) that would amend section 97.15 of title 47, Code of Federal Regulations, to prohibit the application of any private land use restriction to amateur radio stations in a manner that would preclude communications in an amateur radio service. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Program to Commemorate 75th Anniversary of World War II The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1085) that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a program to commemorate the 75th anniversary of World War II; such program would be authorized to include the provision of support to other Federal Government agencies, and to State and local governments. The Secretary would be authorized to spend not more than $2.0 million for fiscal year 2019 for the activities of the Department of Defense World War II Commemoration Fund. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. 
The conferees encourage the Secretary of Defense to take steps wherever possible to thank and honor veterans of World War II and educate the public about the history of World War II, to include recognizing the sacrifices and contributions of the American people and allies of the United States. Compliance with requirements relating to reciprocity of security clearance and access determinations The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1086) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to comply with section 3001(d) of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–458; 50 U.S.C. 3341(d)). The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note the binding nature of the Intelligence Reform and Terrorism Prevention Act of 2004 (Public Law 108–458) as existing statute on the Secretary of Defense. Use of GI benefits for agriculturerelated education programs The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1088) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, to provide guidance and resources for individuals interested in using educational benefits under chapters 30, 31, 32, 33, 34, or 35 of title 38, United States Code, or chapter 1606 or 1607 of title 10, United States Code, for agriculturerelated education programs. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. 
Privacy protections for electronic communications information that is stored by third party service providers The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1090) that would amend sections 2702, 2703, and 2705 of title 18, United States Code, to make a series of changes to voluntary and involuntary disclosure requirements for thirdparty service providers. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Lessons learned and best practices on progress of gender integration implementation in the Armed Forces The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1091) that would require the Secretary of Defense to direct each component of the Armed Forces to share lessons learned and best practices on the progress of their gender integration implementation plans and to communicate strategically that progress with other components of the Armed Forces as well as the general public, as recommended by the Defense Advisory Committee on Women in the Services. The Senate amendment contains no similar provision. The House recedes. Report on readiness of National Guard to respond to natural disasters The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1092) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a report analyzing the readiness of the National Guard and Reserve to respond to natural disasters. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Promoting Federal procurement with historically Black colleges and universities and minority institutions The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1094) that would require the head of an executive agency, or contracting officer, to assist historically black colleges and universities and minority institutions to develop viable, selfsustaining businesses capable of competing on an equal basis in the mainstream of the United States economy; and promote Federal procurement with historically black colleges and universities and minority institutions. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Sense of Congress honoring the Dover Air Force Base, Delaware, home to the 436th Airlift Wing, the 512th Airlift Wing, and the Charles C. Carson Center for Mortuary Affairs The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1097) that would express the sense of Congress on Dover Air Force Base. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report on capacity of Department of Defense to provide survivors of natural disasters with emergency shortterm housing The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1098) that would have required the Secretary of Defense to submit a report analyzing the capacity of the Department of Defense to provide survivors of natural disasters with emergency shortterm housing. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision The House recedes. The conferees note that, when requested, the Department of Defense provides support to natural disaster response and relief efforts in the United States with personnel, equipment, and infrastructure. Such tasks often fall to units of the National Guard and Reserves. Despite supporting these relief efforts, the conferees note that disaster response is not identified as a priority when allocating resources in support of a military unit’s readiness. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to provide a briefing to the Armed Services Committees of the Senate and House of Representatives not later than March 1, 2019, that assesses the readiness of the Department of Defense to provide support to natural disaster response and relief efforts. Specifically, the briefing should address the personnel, equipment, supplies, training, and command and control that have been identified as necessary to support a response to a natural disaster, how these requirements are identified, validated, and programmed for, any gaps that have been identified in terms of personnel, equipment, supplies, and training, and actions being taken to mitigate these gaps. In addition, the briefing should address the capacity and capability of military installations to provide staging for disaster relief operations and temporary housing for those who are victims of natural disasters. Study on recruitment of students with experience in certain technical fields The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1099) that would require the Secretary of Defense to conduct a study to determine how the Department of Defense can attract and recruit from institutions of higher education, including minority serving institutions, students with educational backgrounds in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including the fields of artificial intelligence, machine learning, and cybersecurity. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Sense of Congress regarding explosive ordnance disposal The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1099B) that would provide a Sense of Congress on the importance of intelligence personnel in Explosive Ordnance Disposal (EOD) units. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note the importance of supplying EOD units with the most advanced capabilities and specialized personnel necessary to accomplish their mission. The threat from unexploded ordnance and improvised explosive devices remains persistent, and EOD units must be appropriately equipped to provide an effective response. Authorization of appropriations for research on women’s contributions to security The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1099C) that would, of the amounts authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019, $150,000 shall be made available for research on women’s contributions to security at the National Defense University Institute for National Strategic Studies. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. National strategy for countering violent extremism The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1099D) that would modify section 1094(a)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) to emphasize women’s leadership in preventing and countering violent extremism. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees expect that implementation of the strategy required under section 1094 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) will seek to support women’s leadership and full participation in preventing and countering violent extremism, reduce gender barriers to peace and security, and address genderspecific drivers of radicalization and terrorist recruitment strategies. Inclusion of certain names on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1099E) that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide for the inclusion on the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in the District of Columbia the names of the seventyfour crew members of the USS Frank E. Evans killed on June 3, 1969. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Certifications required prior to transfer of certain veterans memorial object The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2844) that would amend section 2864 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) to require a report prior to the return of certain veterans memorial objects. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Exclusion of certain payments from calculation for fiscal year 2019 PILT payments The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3402) that would exclude certain payments from calculation for fiscal year 2019 PILT payments. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Briefing on procurement plan for Acquired Position Navigation and Timing (APNT) solution The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 5101) that would require a briefing from the Secretary of the Army regarding the immediate procurement of position, navigation, and timing systems. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Sense of Congress on KC–46A aerial refueling tanker emergent requirements The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 5102) that would express the sense of Congress on the KC–46A aircraft. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees agree that (1) The KC–46A will serve as the backbone of the Air Force’s critical aerial refueling mission for the next several decades, replacing the aging 1950’s era KC–135 Stratotanker fleet; (2) The Air Force has provided funding for numerous military construction projects at installations across the country to prepare for the delivery and bed down of the KC–46A aircraft; (3) As the KC–46A program matures and requirements become better defined, additional military construction and facilities, sustainment, restoration and modernization (FRSM) funding is likely to be necessary to properly support the fielding of the aircraft, house additional personnel, and meet unforeseen requirements of the tanker mission; and (4) The Secretary of the Air Force should continue to review and validate new emergent requirements and prepare to provide additional military construction and FRSM funding in its budget request for fiscal year 2020 and future years as needed. Report on Air Force training range requirements to address fifth generation threats The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 5305) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on 
the needs of the Air Force to ensure pilots can train against the full range of fifth generation threats at training ranges. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees agree on the importance of our training range infrastructure to support training for potential conflict against near peer adversaries. The conferees note that the report accompanying House Resolution 5515 (Report 115–676) directs the Comptroller General of the United States to report on the Department of Defense’s training range requirements, strategy, and investment plan. The conferees direct the Comptroller General to provide the required briefing and report to the Senate Committee on Armed Services as well as the House Committee on Armed Services. Developing innovation and growing the Internet of Things The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 5802) that would: require the Secretary of Commerce to convene a working group of Federal stakeholders for the purpose of providing recommendations and a report to Congress relating to aspects of the Internet of Things; establish within the Department of Commerce a steering committee to advise the working group; and require the Federal Communications Commission to issue a notice of inquiry seeking public comment on the current and future spectrum needs of the Internet of Things. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Comptroller General of the United States review of effect of otherthanhonorable discharges on veteran employment outcomes The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6007) that would require the Comptroller General of the United States, in consultation with the Secretaries of Defense, Veterans Affairs, and Labor, to complete a review of the effect of discharges and releases from active military, naval, or air service under conditions otherthanhonorable on employment outcomes for veterans. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. TITLE XI—C IVILIAN PERSONNEL MATTERS  Direct hire authority for the Department of Defense for certain competitive service positions (sec. 1101) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1101) that would amend chapter 99 of title 5, United States Code, by adding a new section that would provide the Secretary of Defense authority to expedite hiring of civilian personnel into positions involving maintenance, depot maintenance, cybersecurity, acquisition, and science, technology, and engineering. This authority would expire on September 30, 2025. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Modification of direct hire authority for the Department of Defense for postsecondary students and recent graduates (sec. 1102) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1102) that would amend chapter 99 of title 5, United States Code, by adding a new section that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to recruit and hire recent graduates into competitive positions in the Department of Defense through September 30, 2025. This section would also repeal the more limited authority provided by section 1106 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would amend section 1106 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) by increasing the limiting percentage under that section to 25 percent, and by extending the sunset contained in that section to September 30, 2025. The conferees note that this authority is intended to expedite the hiring process and make the Department of Defense a competitive employer. In that light, the conferees expect the Department to ensure field activities are given sufficient flexibility under the cap to expedite job offers to qualified applicants. Extension of overtime rate authority for Department of the Navy employees performing work aboard or dockside in support of the nuclearpowered aircraft carrier forward deployed in Japan (sec. 1103) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1103) that would amend section 5542 of title 5, United States Code, to extend until September 30, 2021, the authority of the Secretary of the Navy to pay overtime rates to civilian employees performing temporary duty in Japan in support of the forward deployed nuclear aircraft carrier. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Oneyear extension and expansion of authority to waive annual limitation on premium pay and aggregate limitation on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas (sec. 1104) The House bill contained an provision (sec. 1104) that would amend section 1101 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417) to extend the authority to waive the annual limitation on premium pay and aggregate limitation on pay for Federal civilian employees working overseas until September 30, 2019. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1125) that would amend section 1101 of the Duncan Hunter National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417), as most recently amended by section 1137 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), to extend through 2019 the authority of heads of executive agencies to waive limitation on the aggregate of basic and premium pay of employees who perform work in an overseas location that is in the area of responsibility of the commander of U.S. Central Command (CENTCOM), or a location that was formerly in CENTCOM, but has been moved to an area of responsibility for the Commander, U.S. Africa Command, in support of a military operation or an operation in response to a declared emergency. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment. Extension of authority to conduct telework travel expenses test programs (sec. 1105) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1106) that would amend section 5711 of title 5, United States Code, to extend the authority of the Administrator of the General Services Administration to conduct a test telework program until December 31, 2020. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Personnel demonstration projects (sec. 1106) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1107) that would amend section 4703 of title 5, United States Code, to deem that demonstration projects conducted under this authority lasting more than 10 years shall not count against the limit of 10 such projects ongoing at any time. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Expanded flexibility in selecting candidates from referral lists (sec. 1107) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1108) that would amend subchapter I of chapter 33 of title 5, United States Code, to provide Federal agencies flexibility in setting the minimum number of candidates who must be considered on a referral list for each vacancy by amending sections 3317, 3318, and 3319 of such title. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Expedited hiring authority for college graduates and post secondary students (sec. 1108) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1110) that would amend subchapter I of chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, to provide expedited hiring authority for college graduates. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1122) that would modify the recruitment and hiring process to provide additional flexibility in hiring college graduates and students. This authority would allow Federal agencies to determine recruitment sources and processes for the solicitation of applications in order to compete for top talent. The Director of the Office of Personnel Management would have the authority to cap the number of hires made under this authority. The House recedes. Inapplicability of certification of executive qualifications by qualification review boards of Office of Personnel Management for initial appointments to Senior Executive Service positions in Department of Defense (sec. 1109) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1101) that would temporarily exempt the Department of Defense from the requirement that Office of Personnel Management qualification review boards certify candidates for senior executive service positions within the Department. The provision would sunset 2–years after enactment. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Engagement with Historically Black Colleges and Universities and minorityserving institutions for the purposes of technical workforce enhancement (sec. 1110) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1102) that would create a direct hire authority at Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratories and Major Range and Test Facilities Base facilities for graduates of minorityserving institutions with degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would remove the specific hiring authority and direct the Secretary of Defense to develop and submit a report detailing activities to increase engagement with covered educational institutions. The conferees note that other existing hiring authorities are applicable to graduates of minorityserving institutions with degrees in science, technology, engineering, and mathematics. Inclusion of Strategic Capabilities Office and Defense Innovation Unit Experimental of the Department of Defense in personnel management authority to attract experts in science and engineering (sec. 1111) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1103) that would extend the existing direct hiring authority codified in section 1599h of title 10, United States Code, to 
the Strategic Capabilities Office and the Defense Innovation Unit Experimental. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Enhancement of flexible management authorities for science and technology reinvention laboratories of the Department of Defense (sec. 1112) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1104) that would extend and enhance existing direct hiring authorities at the Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratories within the Department of Defense. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Inclusion of Office of Secretary of Defense among components of the Department of Defense covered by direct hire authority for financial management experts (sec. 1113) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1105) that would extend the direct hire authority created in section 1110 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) for financial management experts to include the Office of the Secretary of Defense. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Alcohol testing of civil service mariners of the Military Sealift Command assigned to vessels (sec. 1114) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1121) that would amend chapter 643 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of the Navy to prescribe regulations establishing a program to conduct onduty reasonable suspicion alcohol testing and postaccident alcohol testing of civil service mariners of the Military Sealift Command assigned to vessels. In addition, this provision would amend section 7479 of such title to permit release of alcohol testing results to the Coast Guard. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Oneyear extension of temporary authority to grant allowances, benefits, and gratuities to civilian personnel on official duty in a combat zone (sec. 1115) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1124) that would extend by one year the discretionary authority of the head of a federal agency to provide allowances, benefits, and gratuities comparable to those provided to members of the Foreign Service to an agency’s civilian employees on official duty in a combat zone. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  Appointment of retired members of the Armed Forces to positions in or under the Department of Defense The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1105) that would provide the Secretary of Defense temporary authority to appoint retired members of the Armed Forces to Federal civilian positions within the Department of Defense immediately upon retirement for certain categories of positions. This section would provide this authority to the Secretary for 5 years. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Temporary and term appointments in the competitive service The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1109) that would amend subchapter I of chapter 31 of title 5, United States Code, by adding a new section that would authorize the heads of Federal agencies to hire civilian personnel through temporary and term appointments. This section would also permit an agency head to make noncompetitive hires for up to 18 months to meet a critical need. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Presidential allowance modernization The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1111) that would amend various sections of the Former Presidents Act of 1958 (Public Law 85–745) to modify various annuities, allowances, and other benefits provided to former presidents of the United States. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Reporting requirement The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1112) that would amend section 7131 of title 5, United States Code, by requiring the Office of Personnel Management to submit to Congress an annual report on the amount and purpose of official time granted to employees in each federal agency. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Increase in maximum amount of voluntary separation incentive pay authorized for civilian employees The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1123) that would amend sections 3523 and 9902 of title 5, United States Code, to increase the maximum amount of separation pay authorized for Voluntary Separation Incentive Pay (VSIP) from the current ceiling of $25,000 to $40,000, and includes an annual adjustment in accordance with the Consumer Price Index. The maximum payable amount has not been adjusted since VSIP was first authorized by the Chief Human Capital Officers Act of 2002 (title XIII of Public Law 107– 296). The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. TITLE XII—M ATTERS RELATING TO FOREIGN  NATIONS  Subtitle A—Assistance and Training Modification of authority to build the capacity of foreign security forces (sec. 1201) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1210B) that would make modifications to sections 331, 332, and 333 of title 10, United States Code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would make modifications to section 333 of title 10, United States Code. Clarification of authority for use of advisors and trainers for training of personnel of foreign ministries with security missions under defense institution capacity building authorities (sec. 1202) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1201) that would modify section 332 of title 10, United States Code, regarding the provision of assistance to build the institutional capacity of foreign partners. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Increase in cost limitation and additional notification required for small scale construction related to security cooperation (sec. 1203) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1206) that would increase the limitation on smallscale construction related to security cooperation from $750,000 to $2.0 million. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would increase the limitation on small scale construction related to security cooperation to $1.5 million and would require that the provision of smallscale construction above $750,000 under specified authorities include a notification containing the location, project title, cost, Department of Defense Form 1391, and a masterplan of planned infrastructure investments at the location. Technical corrections relating to defense security cooperation statutory reorganization (sec. 1204) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1275) that would make technical corrections relating to defense security cooperation statutory reorganization. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1206) that would make technical corrections to title 10, United States Code, and other legislation referencing sections that were redesignated under section 1241 of the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). The Senate recedes. Review and report on processes and procedures used to carry out section 362 of title 10, United States Code (sec. 1205) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1208) that would require the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to conduct a review of the processes and procedures used to carry out section 362 of title 10, United States Code, and submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on such review. This section would also make conforming amendments to section 362 and to section 1206 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would make modifications to the review required by this section and make conforming changes to section 1206 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291). Report on the use of security cooperation authorities (sec. 1206) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1201) that would express the sense of Congress that the Secretary of Defense should use appropriate security cooperation authorities to counter the malign influence campaigns that are directed at allies and partners and that pose a significant threat to the United States. This section would also require the Secretary of Defense to include a report on funding for this purpose with the consolidated budget materials for security cooperation required by section 381 of title 10, United States Code, in fiscal year 2020 through fiscal year 2025. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would express the sense of the Congress that the Secretary of Defense should utilize appropriate security cooperation authorities to counter malign influence campaigns by strategic competitors and other state actors that are directed at allied and partner countries and that pose a significant threat to the national security of the United States. The amendment would also require the Secretary of Defense to include with the consolidated budget materials submitted to Congress as required by section 381 of title 10, United States Code, for fiscal years 2020 and 2021 a report on the use of security cooperation funding to counter the malign influence 
by strategic competitors and other state actors directed at allied and partner countries and that pose a significant threat to the national security of the United States. Participation in and support of the InterAmerican Defense College (sec. 1207) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1205) that would permit the Secretary of Defense to authorize members of the Armed Forces and civilian personnel of the Department of Defense (DOD) to participate in the operation of and the provision of support to the InterAmerican Defense College (IADC) and provide logistic support, supplies, and services to the College as the Secretary considers necessary. The provision would also require the Secretary, in concurrence with the Secretary of State, to enter into a memorandum of understanding with the InterAmerican Defense Board regarding the operation and provision of host nation support to the IADC. Additionally, the provision would permit the use of funds appropriated for operation and maintenance to pay the costs for DOD personnel in the operation and provision of host nation support to the IADC. It would also include a waiver for reimbursement for developing countries for the costs of funding and other host nation support to the IADC if the Secretary determines that it is in the national security interests of the United States. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School (sec. 1208) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1207) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to operate and maintain the Naval Small Craft Instruction and Technical Training School. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a clarifying amendment. Expansion of Regional Defense Combating Terrorism Fellowship Program to include irregular warfare (sec. 1209) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1203) that would amend section 354 of title 10, United States Code and expand the Regional Defense Combating Terrorism Fellowship Program to include irregular warfare. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a clarifying amendment. Modification to Department of Defense State Partnership Program (sec. 1210) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1202) that would make a technical modification to section 341(b)(2) of title 10, United States Code to clarify the conditions under which vetting pursuant to section 362, title 10, United States Code, is required for the conduct of Department of Defense State Partnership Program activities. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Assessment, monitoring, and evaluation of security cooperation (sec. 1211) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 346) that would designate $12.0 million of funds available for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency toward assessment, monitoring, and evaluation (AM&E) of security cooperation activities in accordance with section 383 of title 10, United States Code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that states that of the amounts for Operations and Maintenance, Defensewide made available to the Defense Security Cooperation Agency for fiscal year 2019, it is the goal that not less than $12.0 million, but in no event less than $6.0 million, shall be allocated for the AM&E of security cooperation activities in accordance with section 383 of title 10, United States Code. The conferees believe that the amount specifically identified in the fiscal year 2019 budget request for AM&E of security cooperation programs is wholly insufficient to meet congressional intent. The significant growth of security cooperation capacity building programs and associated funding in recent years has far outpaced the Department’s emphasis on and resourcing of AM&E of those programs. The conferees reiterate their expectation that the Department’s AM&E program should be rigorous and comprehensive, and provide for the continuous review of security cooperation programs from inception to completion that measure outcomes against defined objectives. Additionally, an effective AM&E program will provide important lessons learned that will be critical to improving the effectiveness and efficiency of subsequent security cooperation efforts. The conferees expect the Department to allocate sufficient resourcing to accomplish these objectives in fiscal year 2019 and in future budget requests. Further, the amendment would limit the availability of funds for activities under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, until the Secretary of Defense submits a written plan including a description of the activities planned for fiscal year 2019 for the evaluation of security cooperation programs across the security cooperation enterprise, including through chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund, the CounterISIL Fund, the cooperative threat reduction program, and other security cooperation authorities as appropriate; and a description of the activities planned for fiscal year 2019 for the training, support, and organization of the Department to effectively carry out responsibilities under section 383 of title 10, United States Code. Legal and policy review of advise, assist, and accompany missions (sec. 1212) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1205) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy and the General Counsel of the Department of Defense, in coordination with the appropriate combatant commands, not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on a review of the legal and policy frameworks associated with advise, assist, and accompany missions by United States military personnel. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, in coordination with the General Counsel of the Department of Defense and the commanders of the appropriate combatant commands, to conduct a review of the legal and policy frameworks associated with advise, assist, and accompany missions by United States military personnel and submit to the Secretary of Defense a report on the results of such review. The amendment would also require that not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives the required report, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees the report together with any comments by the Secretary that amplify or clarify the report. Extension and modification of authority to support border security operations of certain foreign countries (sec. 1213) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1204) that would amend section 1226 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92), as amended, by authorizing the Secretary of Defense to provide support on a reimbursable basis to the Government of Oman and Government of Pakistan for the purposes of supporting and enhancing efforts of the armed forces of Oman and Pakistan to increase and sustain security along the borders of Yemen and Afghanistan, respectively. The provision would also require quarterly reports on the use of this authority and would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report 15 days prior to the provision of support under this authority to any country that has not previously received with information and a certification regarding the use of the authority. Finally, the provision would extend this authority through December 31, 2021. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Framework for obtaining concurrence for participation in activities of regional centers for security studies (sec. 1214) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1202) that would amend section 342 of title 10, United States Code, to clarify that travel, transportation, and subsistence expenses are included among the costs of activities of the Regional Centers eligible for waiver of reimbursement. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to establish and submit to appropriate congressional committees a Memorandum of Agreement or similar arrangement setting forth a framework for the procedures required between the Department of Defense and the Department of State to obtain the concurrence of the Secretary of State, as required by law or policy, to allow nondefense and nongovernmental personnel of friendly foreign countries to participate in activities of the Department of Defense Regional Centers for Security Studies. The conferees expect the framework to include elements that streamline procedures for concurrence, delegate approval to the lowest practicable level, require measures to issue concurrence decisions within 14 days unless there are extenuating circumstances, and provide for procedures for rapid consideration of alternate attendees. Subtitle B—Matters Relating to Afghanistan and Pakistan Extension of authority to transfer defense articles and provide defense services to the military and security forces of Afghanistan (sec. 1221) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1211) that would extend for two years the authority to transfer defense articles being drawn down in the Islamic Republic of Afghanistan and the authority to provide defense services regarding such transfers to the military and security forces of Afghanistan. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1213) that would extend the authority to transfer defense articles for one year. The Senate recedes. Extension and modification of reporting requirements for special immigrant visas for Afghan allies program (sec. 1222) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1214) that would renew a reporting 
requirement under the Afghan Allies Protection Act of 2009 to assess the health of the Special Afghan Immigrant Visa (SIV) application process and identify any delays in orderly visa processing. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees are concerned by reports that the SIV application process continues to suffer from inadequate interagency coordination which has resulted in undue delay, needless stress on applicants, and a sizable drop in SIV admissions this year. The conferees note the critical work performed by Afghan partners in support of United States and coalition efforts and the importance of sustaining the SIV program. In all operations the military depends on robust and trustworthy relationships with local partners. If the United States wishes to achieve success in current and future operations overseas, it must protect those who help enable that success. Local partners in other potential conflict zones are watching how the United States treats its networks in Afghanistan; the policies and practices used there will influence confidence and loyalties elsewhere when supporters are needed. As the United States continues to protect its interests around the world, it will need the assistance of willing partners. Ensuring the SIV program is effectively managed and resourced is one way to communicate America’s steadfast commitment to our partners. Afghanistan Security Forces Fund (sec. 1223) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1211) that would extend the authority to continue certain established provisions applicable to the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund (ASFF), including the use of funds, transfer authority, and acceptance of contributions to provide assistance to the security forces of the Ministry of Defense and Ministry of Interior of Afghanistan, including the provision of equipment, supplies, services, training, and funds to develop the capacity of Afghanistan’s security ministries. The House bill contained a similar provision (sec. 1521). The House recedes with an amendment that requires the Secretary of Defense to provide an assessment of the Government of Afghanistan’s ability to manage, employ, and sustain equipment divested under the ASFF. The conferees note the emphasis in this provision placed on the resources allocated to integrate women into the security forces of Afghanistan. The conferees, however, do not encourage the Department of Defense to allocate funding for women and girls programming simply for the sake of meeting a goal. The conferees are aware that previous funding has not always been applied in the most effective and judicious manner and encourage the Department to ensure going forward that any funds spent on such efforts are valid and verifiable. Additionally, the conferees are disappointed by recent public decisions regarding a lack of transparency on basic information such as kinetic strike data, ANDSF development, retention, and casualty rates, and progress on achieving the central tenants of the bilateral U.S.Afghanistan Compact. The restriction of information in this manner undermines public confidence, hinders necessary congressional oversight, and raises legitimate questions about the efficacy of current U.S. efforts in Afghanistan. Extension and modification of Commanders’ Emergency Response Program (sec. 1224) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1213) that would extend the Commanders’ Emergency Response Program through 2020 and would modify the countries in which ex gratia payments are authorized to include Somalia, Yemen, and Libya. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would extend the Commanders’ Emergency Response Program through 2019 and would modify the countries in which ex gratia payments are authorized to include Somalia, Yemen, and Libya. Extension and modification of authority for reimbursement of certain coalition nations for support provided to United States military operations (sec. 1225) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1212) that would extend through December 31, 2019, the authority to make Coalition Support Fund (CSF) payments under section 1233 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 (Public Law 110–181). The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1212) that would extend the authority to make CSF payments and authorize up to $350.0 million. It would also prohibit Pakistan from receiving CSF reimbursements except under the authority of a separate border security provision (sec. 1204). The House recedes. The conferees recognize that stability in the South Asia region cannot be achieved without cooperation with the Government of Pakistan. The conferees also recognize that there are a number of areas in which U.S. and Pakistani national security interests converge. Pakistan has long been an important security partner and that has not changed. It is important, however, to seek new opportunities for coordination and cooperation that is transparent and mutually beneficial. Subtitle C—Matters Relating to Syria, Iraq, and Iran Extension and modification of authority to provide assistance to the vetted Syrian opposition (sec. 1231) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1222) that would extend the authority under section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113—291), as amended, through December 31, 2019. The provision would also limit the reprogramming of any funds until thirty days after the President submits to the congressional defense committees a plan describing the objectives, activities, and nature of the partner forces trained and equipped under this authority. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1222) that would extend the authority through 2019. It would also limit the use of any funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal 2019 under this authority until the President submits to the appropriate congressional committees the report on the United States strategy in Syria as required by section 1221 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) and a report describing the plans, processes, mechanisms, and accompanying governance and stabilization activities for training the internal security forces of the vetted Syrian opposition under this authority. Finally, the Senate provision would limit the obligation or expenditure of any funds under this authority until the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees a written certification every 120 days after the enactment of this Act on progress toward defeating the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and efforts to promote stabilization, equitable governance, and adherence to United States standards for human rights and the rule of law with respect to support under this authority. The House recedes with an amendment that would retain the reprogramming requirement and replace the certification requirement with a requirement for a quarterly report to be submitted by the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to the appropriate congressional committees on progress in the campaign against ISIS and in stabilization, equitable governance, and other matters in Syria. The conferees recognize the significant progress made by coalition forces against ISIS, but remain deeply concerned by the lack of clarity and conflicting messages from administration officials on the United States’ strategy in Syria. The conferees urge the administration to provide the information necessary for the Congress to adequately evaluate the requirements for this authority and how it contributes to the accomplishment of U.S. objectives in Syria. Syrian war crimes accountability (sec. 1232) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6203) that would require the Secretary of State to submit a report on war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide in Syria to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. It would also require another report not later than 180 days after the Secretary of State determines that the violence in Syria has ceased. The provision would direct the Secretary of State to conduct a study and submit a report on transitional justice in Syria and authorize technical assistance for the purposes of ensuring accountability for war crimes, crimes against humanity, and genocide perpetrated by all forces fighting on the behalf of the regime of President Bashar alAssad and all nonstate armed groups fighting in Syria from March 2011 forward. Additionally, the provision would direct the Secretary of State, through the United States Permanent Representative to the United Nations, to extend the mandate of the Independent International Commission of Inquiry on the Syrian Arab Republic until its work is complete. The House contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would make several technical and clarifying changes. Extension of authority to provide assistance to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (sec. 1233) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1221) that would extend the authority under section 1236 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), as most recently amended by section 1222 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), by authorizing the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide $850.0 million in assistance to the military and other security forces of, or associated with, the Government of the Republic of Iraq, through December 31, 2020. Additionally, the House bill would express the sense of Congress on the contributions of the Peshmerga forces of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq in the campaign to defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS). It would also require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to submit to the appropriate congressional committees and leadership of the House of Representatives and the Senate a quarterly progress report on the enduse of United States provided equipment and the extent to which any organizations associated with the Iranian Revolutionary Guard Corps have been incorporated into the Iraqi military. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1221) that would extend the authority through the end of 2020 while limiting the 
obligation or expenditure of more than $450.0 million of funds authorized for fiscal year 2019 until the report on the United States strategy in Iraq required by the Joint Explanatory Statement accompanying Conference Report 115–404 and a report on the planned use of funds and the purpose, size, roles, and missions of United States forces in Iraq is submitted to the appropriate congressional committees. The House recedes with an amendment that would retain the sense of Congress on the contributions of the Peshmerga and the quarterly progress report, along with several clarifications. Limitation on assistance to the Government of Iraq (sec. 1234) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1230D) that would limit the obligation or expenditure of funds authorized to be appropriated for this Act for assistance to the Ministry of the Interior of the Government of Iraq until the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State jointly certify to the appropriate congressional committees that such funds will not be disbursed by the United States to any group that is or is known to be affiliated with the Iranian Revolutionary Guard CorpsQuds Force or other state sponsor of terrorism. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would remove the reference to the Ministry of the Interior and expand the prohibition to the Government of Iraq as a whole, along with several technical and clarifying changes. Extension and modification of authority to support operations and activities of the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq (sec. 1235) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1223) that would amend section 1215 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81), as amended, by extending the authority for the Office of Security Cooperation in Iraq (OSC–I) for one year through fiscal year 2019. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1223) that would extend the authority for OSC–I through fiscal year 2019. The provision would limit the obligation or expenditure of more than 25 percent of funds authorized for OSC–I for fiscal year 2019 until the United States strategy on Iraq required by the Joint Explanatory Statement accompanying Conference Report 115–404 and an additional report on the activities, missions, and plan for the normalization of OSC–I to conform to other offices of security cooperation are delivered to the appropriate congressional committees. The House recedes with a clarifying amendment. The conferees note that an earlier transition plan submitted by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to the Joint Explanatory Statement accompanying the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) and subsequent documentation related to OSC–I in the President’s Budget Request for Fiscal Year 2019 failed to provide the level of detail required for Congress to adequately consider this authority under the auspices of the Department of Defense. Modification to annual report on the military power of Iran (sec. 1236) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1228) that would require the President to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for five years, on cooperation between Iran and the Russian Federation and the extent to which such cooperation affects United States interests, particularly with respect to Syria. The House bill contained an additional provision (sec. 1230E) that would require the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, to submit to Congress not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act a report describing Iranian expenditures in the previous calendar year on military and terrorist activities outside the country. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1225) that would amend section 1245 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84), as amended, to require an assessment of military cooperation and collaboration on the development of nuclear, biological, chemical, and advanced conventional weapons, weapons systems, and delivery vehicles between Iran and the Russian Federation and additional information on the Government of Iran’s support to the Houthis. The House recedes. The conferees note that the Department of Defense’s congressionally mandated annual report on the military power of Iran requires extensive reporting requirements on Iranian military activity. Therefore, the conferees encourage the Secretary of Defense to include detailed information in future reports on Russian and Iranian cooperation, particularly with respect to cooperation in Syria, assistance to the Assad regime, the establishment of forward operating bases, the deployment of air defense systems, and assistance to the Syrian chemical weapons program. The conferees also encourage the Secretary to include descriptions of any Russian and Iranian cooperation on: Iran’s space program, including whether such cooperation strengthens Iran’s ballistic missile program; intelligence sharing; naval cooperation; nuclear cooperation; the development and employment of hybrid warfare methods; and the activities of Iranian proxy forces such as Hezbollah. Strategy to counter destabilizing activities of Iran (sec. 1237) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1225) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to develop and implement a strategy with foreign partners to counter the destabilizing activities of Iran. Furthermore, it would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees describing the strategy and actions to enhance multilateral coordination. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would make a number of technical and clarifying changes. The conferees note the importance of multilateral cooperation in the Middle East and encourage the Secretary of Defense to enhance cooperation and militarytomilitary engagement within multilateral fora when appropriate and practicable. Subtitle D—Matters Relating to the Russian Federation Prohibition on availability of funds relating to sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea (sec. 1241) The House amendment contained a provision (sec. 1231) that would extend by 1 year the prohibition imposed by section 1245 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92),as amended by section 1232 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). This section would prohibit the use of fiscal year 2019 funds to implement any activity that recognizes the sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. This section would also allow the Secretary of Defense, in concurrence with the Secretary of State, to waive the prohibition if the Secretary determines that doing so would be in the national security interest of the United States and submits a notification to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1232) that would prohibit funds authorized to be appropriated or made available by this Act for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense to implement any activity that recognizes the sovereignty of the Russian Federation over Crimea. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence with Secretary of State, to provide a justification for seeking any waiver to the prohibition. Limitation on availability of funds relating to implementation of the Open Skies Treaty (sec. 1242) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1232) that would prohibit obligation or expenditure of certain funds for fiscal year 2019 to modify any U.S. aircraft for the purposes of implementing the Open Skies Treaty until the President certifies that the United States has imposed legal countermeasures on the Russian Federation for its violation of that treaty. The provision would also prohibit the obligation or expenditure of any funds for fiscal year 2019 to vote to approve any implementing decision of the Open Skies Consultative Commission (OSCC) (pursuant to Article X of the treaty) that certifies infrared or synthetic aperture radar sensors for any state party until a series of reports and certifications are met regarding U.S. Open Skies Treaty policy and Russian aggression, malign influence, and treaty violations. The provision would allow the President to waive these requirements, without delegation, if he determines that the waiver is in the interest of the national security of the United States and that the Russian Federation has taken clear and verifiable action to return to full and complete compliance with the treaty. Finally, the provision would also require a report from the Secretary of Defense on the state of the OC–135B fleet, including a recommendation on a prospective retirement date. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1648) that would prohibit the obligation or expenditure of any funds for fiscal year 2019 for research, development, test, and engineering, Air Force, or aircraft procurement, Air Force, for the digital visual imaging system to modify U.S. aircraft for the purpose of implementing the Open Skies Treaty until the President and the Secretary of Defense submit the two certifications described in section 1235(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). The Senate recedes with amendments that would modify the reporting requirements before a vote to approve certification of sensors in the OSCC; remove certification requirements related to Russian aggression and malign influence that are unrelated to treaty violations; modify the waiver requirements such that the President would have to certify that the Russian Federation has taken clear and verifiable action to return to compliance with the treaty; allow the President to delegate the waiver authority to the Secretary of State, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and Director of National Intelligence; require these officials to 
submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees containing their views at least 30 days before exercising the waiver; and strike the reporting requirement related to the OC–135B fleet. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of the Air Force, to submit a report to the congressional defense committees no later than January 31, 2019, on the Department of the Air Force’s RC–135, WC–135, TC–135, and OC– 135 aircraft fleets. The report should address issues for each aircraft fleet regarding airworthiness, safety of flight, aircraft availability and mission capability rates, sustainment, maintenance, and reliability. The report should also include a detailed description of the Secretary’s acquisition strategy for recapitalizing each platform’s capabilities, as well as the forecasted servicelife expectancy dates for each variant of C–135 aircraft. In determining servicelife expectancy dates, the Secretary should consider separately the structural integrity of the basic aircraft and the relevance and maintainability of the onboard mission systems to meet existing and evolving intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance requirements. Determination required regarding material breach of INF Treaty by the Russian Federation (sec. 1243) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1239) that would provide that, unless the President certifies to the specified congressional committees that the Russian Federation has returned to full and verifiable compliance with the IntermediateRange Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty within 1 year of the date of the enactment of this Act, the prohibitions set forth in Article VI of the treaty would no longer be binding upon the United States as a matter of U.S. law. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would instead require the President to submit to the appropriate congressional committees no later than January 15, 2019, a determination whether the Russian Federation is in material breach of its obligations under the INF Treaty, and if the prohibitions set forth in Article VI of the INF Treaty remain binding on the United States as a matter of U.S. law. Comprehensive response to the Russian Federation’s material breach of the INF Treaty (sec. 1244) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1233) that would make a series of findings regarding the Russian Federation’s violation of the IntermediateRange Nuclear Forces (INF) Treaty and make a statement of policy that such violations constitute material breach of the treaty and therefore the United States is legally entitled to suspend the operation of the treaty for so long as Russia remains in material breach. The provision would also prohibit the obligation or expenditure of 25 percent of funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 to provide support services (other than those required for senior leader communications) to the Executive Office of the President until the President certifies that each requirement of section 1290 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) has been implemented and the President has submitted the report required by section 1244(c) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with amendments that would remove the findings; change the statement of policy to a sense of the Congress; make a technical amendment; and remove the limitation on funding. Report on implementation of the New START Treaty (sec. 1245) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1240) that would prohibit the expenditure of funds for the Department of Defense to extend the implementation of the New Strategic Arms Reduction Treaty (New START) until the President certifies that the President has raised the issue of certain new Russian nuclear weapons systems under Article V of New START and that the Russian Federation has responded in writing to the United States as to whether it will agree to declare such nuclear weapons systems pursuant to the treaty. Under the provision, the President would be required to notify the specified congressional committees on whether the Russian position threatens the viability of New START or requires a political, economic, or military response on the part of the United States. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would remove the limitation on funds and modify the requirement to a report on whether the President has raised the issue of the covered Russian systems with the Russian Federation under Article V of New START or otherwise, and whether the government of the Russian Federation has responded as to whether it will agree to declare the covered Russian systems pursuant to the treaty. The provision would also require the President to notify the appropriate congressional committees as to whether the Russian response threatens the viability of New START; and to submit to the congressional defense committees a report assessing the extent to which the Department of Defense and National Nuclear Security Administration have met the commitments regarding nuclear modernization and infrastructure recapitalization made in the resolution of ratification to accompany New START. Modification and extension of Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative (sec. 1246) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1234) that would extend by 2 years, section 1250 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92), most recently amended by section 1234 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), to authorize the Secretary of Defense to provide security assistance and intelligence support to the Government of Ukraine. The provision would authorize $250.0 million to carry out this authority in fiscal year 2019, of which $50.0 million would be available only for lethal assistance. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1233) that would extend through December 31, 2021 the authority under section 1250 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) as amended by section 1234 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) for the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide security assistance, including defensive lethal assistance, and intelligence support to military and other security forces of the Government of Ukraine. The provision would authorize the use of up to $200.0 million in fiscal year 2019 to provide security assistance to Ukraine. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would broaden the authority to provide training required to maintain and employ systems and capabilities provided through the Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative. The amendment would also make certain adjustments to the certification by the Secretary of Defense related to actions of the Government of Ukraine to make substantial defense institutional reforms, including the protection of proprietary or sensitive technologies as such technologies relate to foreign military sales or transfers. Extension of limitation on military cooperation between the United States and the Russian Federation (sec. 1247) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1237) that would limit the use of fiscal year 2019 funds for bilateral militarytomilitary cooperation between the Government of the United States and the Russian Federation until the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, provides a certification to appropriate congressional committees relating to certain actions by Russia. The provision would also allow the Secretary of Defense to waive the limitation under certain conditions. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1231) that would also clarify that the limitation shall not be construed to limit bilateral militarytomilitary dialogue between the United States and the Russian Federation for the purposes of reducing the risk of conflict. The House recedes. Sense of Congress on enhancing deterrence against Russian aggression in Europe (sec. 1248) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1235) that would express the sense of the Senate concerning the need for an integrated approach to strengthening the defense of allies and partners in Europe as a part of a broader strategy backed by all elements of United States power to deter and, if necessary, defeat aggression by the Russian Federation. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would state that in order to protect the security of the United States and fulfill the ironclad commitment of the United States to its obligations under the North Atlantic Treaty, it is the policy of the United States to pursue, in full coordination with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO), an integrated approach to strengthening the defense of allies and partners in Europe as part of a broader, longterm strategy backed by all elements of United States national power to deter and, if necessary, defeat Russian aggression. The amendment would also make a number of revisions related to specific actions the Secretary of Defense should take or consider in furtherance of such policy. The conferees believe in that in order to strengthen the defense of allies and partners in Europe and deter Russian aggression, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State and in consultation with the Commander, United States European Command, should consider specific steps to improve United States combat capability and capacity in Europe, increase United States forward presence in Europe, maintain robust security assistance for allies and partners in Europe, promote reforms within NATO, and enhance multilateral security cooperation among United States allies and partners, including between NATO and the European Union. Subtitle E—Matters Relating to the Indo Pacific Region Name of United States IndoPacific Command (sec. 1251) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1257) that would change the name of ‘‘United States Pacific Command’’ to ‘‘United States IndoPacific Command’’ beginning on January 1, 2020. 
The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would change the name of ‘‘United States Pacific Command’’ to ‘‘United States IndoPacific Command’’ effective immediately. The conferees note that changing the name of ‘‘United States Pacific Command’’ to ‘‘United States IndoPacific Command’’ may involve some necessary administrative expenditures. The conferees urge the Department of Defense to be prudent and minimize such costs to the extent practicable. Redesignation, expansion, and extension of Southeast Asia Maritime Security Initiative (sec. 1252) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1254) that would modify the Southeast Asia Maritime Security Initiative by amending the name to the IndoPacific Maritime Security Initiative. The provision would include India as a covered country, and allow for the inclusion of additional countries in the Indo Pacific region if the Secretary of Defense, in concurrence with the Secretary of State, determines and certifies to the appropriate committees of Congress that it is important for increasing maritime security and maritime domain awareness. The provision would also extend the authority by 3 years from September 30, 2020, to September 30, 2023. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1241) that would amend section 1263 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) to: redesignate the Southeast Asia Maritime Security Initiative as the IndoPacific Maritime Security Initiative; add Bangladesh and Sri Lanka as recipient countries of assistance and training; add India as a covered country eligible for payment of certain incremental expenses; and extend the authority under the section through December 31, 2025. The House recedes. Redesignation and modification of sense of Congress and initiative for the IndoAsiaPacific region (sec. 1253) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1251) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to submit a requirement and resource plan to the appropriate congressional committees by March 1, 2019. The plan would require an analysis of the challenges faced by the United States to meet the objectives and activities outlined in the IndoPacific Stability Initiative to include resource requirements and additional authorities needed through fiscal year 2024 to address such challenges. The provision would also require the Secretary to submit budget materials in support of the President’s budget request for fiscal year 2020. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1244) that would amend section 1251 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) by redesignating the ‘‘IndoAsiaPacific Stability Initiative’’ as the ‘‘IndoPacific Stability Initiative’’ and making modifications to emphasize the initiative’s alignment with the National Defense Strategy and its focus on minimizing the risk of executing the contingency plans of the Department of Defense. The provision would also require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Commander, United States Pacific Command, to submit a future years plan on activities and resources of the initiative no later than March 1, 2019. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify that not later than March 1, 2019, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a multiyear plan on activities and resources for the IndoPacific Stability Initiative. The conferees agreed that the Secretary of Defense shall include the plan and resources required in the budget materials in support of the President’s budget for fiscal year 2020. Assessment of and report on geopolitical conditions in the IndoPacific region (sec. 1254) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1246) that would require, not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense to select and enter into an agreement with an entity independent of the Department of Defense to conduct an assessment of the geopolitical conditions in the IndoPacific region that are necessary for the successful implementation of the National Defense Strategy. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the assessment to address the geopolitical conditions in the IndoPacific region, including any change in economic and political relations, that are necessary to support United States military requirements for forward defense, extensive forward basing, and alliance and partnership formation and strengthening. Sense of Congress on extended nuclear deterrence in the IndoPacific region (sec. 1255) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1650) that would express the sense of Congress concerning the nuclear weapons program of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and U.S. extended deterrence commitments to allies and partners in the IndoPacific region. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Reinstatement of reporting requirements with respect to United StatesHong Kong relations (sec. 1256) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1265) that would reinstate certain reporting requirements with respect to United States Hong Kong relations. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would clarify that the required report shall be submitted to the Committee on Foreign Relations and Committee on Armed Services of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs and the Committee on Armed Services of the House of Representatives. Strengthening Taiwan’s force readiness (sec. 1257) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1253) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to conduct a comprehensive assessment, in consultation with appropriate counterparts of Taiwan, on ways to enhance and reform Taiwan’s military forces, particularly Taiwan’s reserve forces. The provision would also require that the assessment include recommendations to strengthen bilateral cooperation and improve Taiwan’s self defense capabilities. The provision would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to submit a report on the assessment and a list of recommendations and planned actions to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Sense of Congress on Taiwan (sec. 1258) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1243) that would express the sense of the Senate on the importance of a strong U.S. defense relationship with Taiwan. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify that the provision expresses the sense of the Congress. The amendment would also clarify that the Secretary of Defense should promote Department of Defense policies concerning exchanges that enhance the security of Taiwan, including opportunities for practical training and military exercises with Taiwan. Prohibition on participation of the People’s Republic of China in Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC) naval exercises (sec. 1259) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1245) that would prohibit the Secretary of Defense from enabling or facilitating the participation of the People’s Republic of China in any Rim of the Pacific (RIMPAC) naval exercise unless the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees that China has ceased all land reclamation activities in the South China Sea, removed all weapons from its land reclamation sites, and established a consistent 4–year track record of taking actions toward stabilizing the region. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would add a national security waiver to the certification requirements and a detailed justification for such waiver. Modification of annual report on military and security developments involving the People’s Republic of China (sec. 1260) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1298) that would amend paragraph (22) of section 1202(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106–65; 10 U.S.C. 113 note), to include activities in the South China Sea, the East China Sea, including in the vicinity of the Senkaku islands, and the Indian Ocean region. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1242) that would amend section 1202(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106–65), and modify the annual report on military and security developments involving the People’s Republic of China. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the annual report to include an element regarding efforts by the People’s Republic of China related to espionage and technology transfer. The amendment would also require an element regarding efforts by the Government of the People’s Republic of China to use nonmilitary tools in other countries, including diplomacy and political coercion, information operations, and economic pressure, including predatory lending practices, to support its security and military objectives. The amendment would also strike an element. United States strategy on China (sec. 1261) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1252) that would require the President to issue a strategy on the United States’ whole ofgovernment approach to safeguard U.S. interests against Chinese industrial acquisitions, political influence, and regional and global military capabilities and presence that have defense and security implications for the United States and its allies and partners. The provision would require the strategy and recommendations for implementation to be submitted to the appropriate congressional committees as a written report not later than March 1, 2019. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would strike certain elements of the required strategy. 
Report on military and coercive activities of the People’s Republic of China in South China Sea (sec. 1262) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1261) that would require Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of State, to submit a report to appropriate congressional committees on a quarterly basis describing China’s activities in the IndoPacific region, and to disseminate the report to regional allies and partners and provide public notification, as appropriate. The provision would require that the dissemination and availability of the report and public notification be made in a manner consistent with national security and the protection of classified national security information. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1251) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to submit to the congressional defense committees and release to the public, a report on the military and coercive activities of China in the South China Sea in connection with such activity immediately after the commencement of any significant reclamation or militarization activity by the People’s Republic of China in the South China Sea, including any significant military deployment or operation or infrastructure construction. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify that the required report shall be submitted to the congressional defense committees immediately after the commencement of any significant reclamation, assertion of an excessive territorial claim, or military activity by the People’s Republic of China in the South China Sea. The conferees are concerned that sufficient information has not been made publicly available in a timely fashion regarding China’s reclamation and militarization activities in the South China Sea. Moreover, the conferees recognize that China has engaged in provocative military activities elsewhere throughout the IndoPacific Region, including the East China Sea, the Taiwan Strait, and the Indian Ocean. The conferees urge the Secretary of Defense to give full consideration to the strategic and public interest in selective declassification of China’s activities in the South China Sea and elsewhere in the IndoPacific region. Requirement for critical languages and expertise in Chinese, Korean, Russian, Farsi, and Arabic (sec. 1263) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1258) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, a plan to address shortfalls in Chinese, Korean, and Russian language and expertise across the Department of Defense. The provision would require the Secretary of Defense to provide a nearterm and longterm plan for how the Department is building competency in these critical areas. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Department of Defense to address Arabic and Farsi language and expertise in the required plan. Limitation on use of funds to reduce the total number of members of the Armed Forces serving on active duty who are deployed to the Republic of Korea (sec. 1264) The House amendment contained a provision (sec. 1263) that would limit the use of funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act to reduce the number of members of the Armed Forces serving on Active Duty in the Republic of Korea below 22,000 unless the Secretary of Defense provides a specified certification. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1249) that would express the sense of the Senate regarding the alliance between the United States and the Republic of Korea, the importance of United States military forces on the Korean Peninsula for safeguarding peace and stability in the IndoPacific region, and other matters. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would limit the use of funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act to reduce the number of members of the Armed Forces serving on Active Duty in the Republic of Korea below 22,000 unless the Secretary of Defense first provides certifies that (1) such a reduction is in the national security interest of the United States and will not significantly undermine the security of United States allies in the region; and (2) the Secretary has appropriately consulted with allies of the United States, including the Republic of Korea and Japan, regarding such a reduction. The conferees recognize that United States military forces deployed on the Korean Peninsula remain vital to deterring, and if necessary, defeating aggression by the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, which continues to threaten the national security interests of the United States and the peace and stability of the IndoPacific region through both its conventional forces and weapons of mass destruction. While the conferees support diplomatic efforts to achieve the complete, verifiable, and irreversible denuclearization of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, the conferees believe the significant removal of United States military forces from the Korean Peninsula is a nonnegotiable item in such negotiations. Reports on nuclear capabilities of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (sec. 1265) The Senate amendment contained the provision (sec. 1255) that would require, not later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, to submit to the appropriate committees a report on the status of the nuclear program of the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea (DPRK) to establish a baseline of progress for negotiations with respect to denuclearization. The provision would require, in the case of an agreement between the United States and the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, the Secretary of Defense to submit written updates and verification assessments to the required report. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment would require that the Secretary of Defense also coordinate with the Secretary of State and Secretary of Energy on the required reports. The amendment would clarify that the updates to the baseline report and the verification assessment shall only be required in the event of an interim or final agreement between the United States and the DPRK with respect to the denuclearization of the DPRK that includes a commitment by the DPRK to (1) reduce the nuclear arsenal of the DPRK or (2) to otherwise discontinue, reduce, or suspend the nuclear program of the DPRK. The amendment would also add a reporting requirement related to other weapons of mass destruction, including chemical and biological weapons, of the DPRK. Modification of report required under enhancing defense and security cooperation with India (sec. 1266) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1259) that would amend subsection (a)(2) of section 1292 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (114–328) by adding an additional reporting requirement. The new reporting requirement would include a description of the progress on enabling agreements between the United States and the Republic of India, any limitations that hinder or slow progress, measures to improve interoperability, and actions India is taking, or the Secretary of Defense or the Secretary of State believe India should take, to advance the relationship with the United States. The House bill also contained a provision (sec. 1264) that would amend section 1292 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) by including a reporting requirement to develop closer defense cooperation with India on matters relating to missile defense. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1247) that would express the sense of the Senate that the United States should strengthen and enhance its major defense partnership with India and work toward mutual security objectives. The Senate recedes with amendment that would amend section 1259 of the House bill to require the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State to include a forwardlooking strategy and specific benchmarks for measurable progress toward enhancing United States defense cooperation with India and India’s status as a major defense partner. The provision would also strike section 1264 of the House bill and section 1247 of the Senate amendment. The conferees believe that the United States should strengthen and enhance its major defense partnership with India and such a partnership should enable strategic, operational, and tactical coordination between our militaries and be jointly developed between the countries. The conferees also believe that the United States should work toward mutual security objectives by: (1) expanding engagement in multilateral frameworks, including the Quadrilateral Dialogue between the United States, India, Japan, and Australia, to promote regional security and defend shared values and common interests in the rulesbased order; (2) exploring additional steps to implement the ‘‘major defense partner’’ designation to better facilitate military interoperability, information sharing, and appropriate technology transfers; (3) pursuing strategic initiatives to help develop India’s defense capabilities, including maritime security capabilities; (4) improving cooperation on and coordination of humanitarian and disaster relief responses; (5) conducting additional joint exercises with India in the Persian Gulf, the Indian Ocean region, and the Western Pacific; and (6) furthering cooperative efforts to promote security and stability in Afghanistan. Subtitle F—Reports and Other Matters Modification of authorities related to acquisition and crossservicing agreements (sec. 1271) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1281) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a report 30 days after entering into a crossservicing agreement under section 2342 of title 10, United States Code, with a country or organization described in subsection (a)(1) of such section, and every 180 days thereafter for such period of time as the agreement remains in effect. The reports would include a detailed description of rationale, terms, and execution of such agreements. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1261) that would prohibit the Secretary of Defense from facilitating the transfer of logistic support, supplies, and 
services to any country or organization with which the Secretary has not signed an acquisition or crossservicing agreement. Additionally, the provision would require the Secretary to submit a detailed report on acquisition and crossservicing agreements to the congressional defense committees not later than January 15 of each year. The House recedes. United StatesIsrael countering unmanned aerial systems cooperation (sec. 1272) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1276) that would modify section 1279 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) to authorize establishment of a cooperative research and development program with the State of Israel to develop capabilities for countering unmanned aerial systems through modification of the existing memorandum of agreement between the United States and Israel for antitunneling defense capabilities or through a new memorandum of agreement. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would provide that none of the funds authorized to be appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to carry out the authority granted may be obligated or expended until the date that is 15 days after the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits a report describing the cooperation of the United States with Israel with respect to countering unmanned aerial systems pursuant to the authority granted that includes the following: (1) an identification of specific capability gaps of the United States and Israel with respect to countering unmanned aerial systems; (2) an identification of cooperative projects that would address those capability gaps and mutually benefit and strengthen the security of the United States and Israel; (3) an assessment of the projected cost for research and development efforts for such cooperative projects, including an identification of those to be conducted in the United States, and the timeline for the completion of each such project; (4) the extent to which the capability gaps of the United States identified are not likely to be addressed through the cooperative projects identified; and (5) an assessment of the projected costs for procurement and fielding of any capabilities developed jointly pursuant to the authority granted. The amendment would require that the report be submitted to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. Enhancement of U.S.Israel defense cooperation (sec. 1273) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1265) that would amend section 12001(d) of the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2005 (Public Law 108–287) to extend the authority for the War Reserves Stockpile AmmunitionIsrael through September 30, 2023. The provision would also authorize the President, acting through the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense, to conduct a joint assessment of the quantity of precision guided munitions necessary for Israel to counter regional threats. The provision would also amend the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314) to require the Secretary of Defense to prescribe procedures for the rapid acquisition and deployment of supplies and associated support services urgently needed to support production of precision guided munitions. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify the matters to be described in the joint assessment concerning precision guided munitions, including requiring a description of the current United States inventory of the precision guided munitions assessed and whether such inventory meets the United States total munitions requirement. The amendment would also strike the modified requirement for the establishment and prescription of procedures related to rapid acquisition of precision guided munitions. Review to determine whether the Armed Forces or coalition partners of the United States violated Federal law or Department of Defense policy while conducting operations in Yemen (sec. 1274) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1299K) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to conduct an investigation to determine if coalition partners of the United States or members of the Armed Forces or intelligence personnel violated Federal law, the laws of armed conflict, or Department of Defense policy while conducting operations in Yemen. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require a review of the United States Armed Forces and coalition partners conducting operations in Yemen along with a report on the Department of Defense’s policies related to the detention operations of allies and partners whose military operations the United States supports. Report on United States Government security cooperation and assistance programs with Mexico (sec. 1275) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1273) that would require the President to submit to the appropriate congressional committees not later than July 1, 2019, a report on United States police training and equipping programs with the Government of Mexico. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the report to focus on the broader United States security cooperation and security assistance enterprise in Mexico, including programs related to the Mexican Armed Forces, and would require the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State to deliver the report, among other technical, clarifying changes. Report on Department of Defense missions, operations, and activities in Niger (sec. 1276) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1299F) that would require, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation as appropriate with the Secretary of State, to submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the missions, operations, and activities of the Department in Niger and the broader region. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense, in consultation as appropriate with the Secretary of State, to submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the missions, operations, and activities of the Department in Niger. Report on the security relationship between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus (sec. 1277) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6206) that would require a report on the current impact of the United States arms embargo on the Republic of Cyprus. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would broaden the required report to address the security relationship between the United States and the Republic of Cyprus. Sense of Congress detention of United States citizens by the Government of the Republic of Turkey (sec. 1278) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1269) that would make a series of findings, including concerning the Government of the Republic of Turkey’s unlawful and wrongful detention of Andrew Brunson, a United States citizen. The provision would also prohibit the transfer of title for any F– 35 aircraft to the Government of the Republic of Turkey until such time as the Secretary of Defense submits to the appropriate congressional committees a plan to remove the Government of the Republic of Turkey from participation in the F–35 program, to include industrial and military aspects of the program. The Senate amendment also contained a related provision (sec. 6204) that would clarify that the limitation on the transfer of F– 35 aircraft to Turkey in section 1269 of the Senate amendment shall apply to the transfer or delivery of that aircraft to Turkey rather than to the transfer of title for that aircraft to Turkey. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would strike section 6204 of the Senate amendment, strike elements of the section 1269 of the Senate amendment related to the F–35 program, and express the sense of the Congress that (1) the Government of the Republic of Turkey continues to unlawfully and wrongfully detain United States citizens, including Andrew Brunson and Serkan Golge, as well as staff of United States missions in Turkey; and (2) consistent with its obligations under the North Atlantic Treaty, which commits NATO allies to safeguard ‘‘the principles of democracy, individual liberty and the rule of law,’’ the Government of the Republic of Turkey should immediately release all United States citizens that have been wrongfully detained and resolve such cases in a timely, fair, and transparent manner. The conferees note that an assessment of a significant change in Turkish participation in the F–35 program, including a reduction or elimination of such participation, as well as a limitation on the delivery of F–35 aircraft to the Republic of Turkey, are addressed elsewhere in this report. Technical amendments related to NATO Support and Procurement Organization and related NATO agreements (sec. 1279) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1278) that would amend section 2350d of title 10, United States Code, to update the statutory reference to reflect a reorganization of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) with respect to the elimination of the NATO Support Organization and the establishment of the NATO Support and Procurement Organization. The provision would also amend section 2350d to reflect that NATO supply and logistics support activities may extend to NATO operations outside of Europe. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1236). The House recedes. Report on permanent stationing of United States forces in the Republic of Poland (sec. 1280) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1254) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the 
Secretary of State, to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the feasibility and advisability of permanently stationing United States forces in the Republic of Poland. Specifically, the provision would require an assessment of the types of permanently stationed United States forces in Poland required to deter aggression by the Russian Federation and execute Department of Defense contingency plans, including combat enabler units. The provision would also require a detailed assessment of the feasibility and advisability of permanently stationing a United States Army brigade combat team in Poland. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report on strengthening NATO cyber defense (sec. 1281) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6603) that would express the sense of the Senate regarding Department of Defense cyber cooperation with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) and would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the Department’s efforts to enhance the United States’ leadership in and collaboration with NATO in the development of a comprehensive, crossdomain strategy to build cyberdefense capacity and deter cyber attacks among member countries. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would strike the sense of the Senate. The conferees believe that the Department of Defense should continue to cooperate with NATO and key NATO allies in order to promote the common defense in the cyberspace domain as well as to deter cyberattacks. Report on status of the United States relationship with the Republic of Turkey (sec. 1282) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1271) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to submit a report on the U.S.Turkish relationship to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. The provision would also prohibit any action to execute delivery of a foreign military sale for major defense equipment under section 36 of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2761) to the Republic of Turkey until the required report is delivered to the specified congressional committees. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the report on the U.S. Turkish relationship to be delivered not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act. The amendment would add to the matters to be included in the required report an assessment of the operational and counterintelligence risks posed by the deployment of the S–400 air and missile defense system in the Republic of Turkey to the F–35 Lightning II Joint Strike aircraft and the steps required to mitigate those risks, if possible. The amendment would also add an assessment of the Republic of Turkey’s participation in the F–35 program, including a description of industrial participation of Turkish industry in the manufacturing and assembly of the F–35 program; an assessment of tooling and other manufacturing materials held by Turkish industry; and an assessment of the impacts of a significant change in participation by the Republic of Turkey in the F–35 program and the steps that would be required to mitigate negative impacts of such a change on the United States and other international program partners. The amendment would prohibit the Department of Defense from delivering any F– 35 aircraft to the Republic of Turkey until such time as the required report has been submitted. The conferees recognize Turkey is an important international partner in the F–35 program, and that any significant change in Turkish participation could have substantial impacts on the program. However, Turkey’s expressed intention to purchase the S–400 air and missile defense system from Russia raises serious concerns regarding Turkey’s participation in the F–35 program. Moreover, such a purchase would have significant ramifications for the broader U.S.Turkey relationship and defense cooperation, including the possibility of sanctions. Therefore, the conferees believe the Department of Defense should be prepared for all potential outcomes that would result if Turkey completes a purchase of the S–400 by conducting the assessment required of a significant change in Turkish participation in the F–35 program, including a reduction or elimination of such participation. Sense of the Congress concerning militaryto military dialogues (sec. 1283) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1279) that would express the sense of Congress regarding the parameters that lead to successful militarytomilitary dialogues. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Modifications to Global Engagement Center (sec. 1284) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1280) that would modify section 1287 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) relating to the Global Engagement Center (GEC). The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1262) that would extend for one year the transfer authority contained in section 1287(e)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 relating to the GEC, and clarify the role, responsibilities and authorities of the GEC. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment. The conferees strongly support the mission of the GEC to counter false and misleading messaging by both state and nonstate adversaries and note the importance of integrating military and nonmilitary tools of statecraft to address these challenges. The conferees believe continuation of the transfer authority provided by this provision helps to facilitate such a wholeofgovernment approach. The conferees note that the Department of Defense (DOD) and the Department of State (DOS) signed a memorandum of understanding on February 26, 2018, to facilitate the transfer of $40.0 million for the purposes of countering propaganda and disinformation from foreign nations, more than a year after such transfers were authorized by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 and after the Intelligence Community publicly reported Russian efforts to influence the 2016 elections. The conferees have significant concern about delayed action on these issues in the face of a significant and growing threat from Russia. The conferees strongly encourage DOD and DOS to fully utilize the authorities that have been provided to more aggressively counter propaganda by Russia and other state and nonstate actors, and urge the Department to be more expeditious in the transfer of funds to the GEC for future projects. Sense of Congress on countering hybrid threats and malign influence (sec. 1285) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1297) that would express the sense of the Congress that the United States should work with its partners and allies to build resilience against Russian malign influence operations. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1238) that would request the Secretaries of the Defense and State Departments to urgently complete a strategy to counter Russian malign influence. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would call on the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State to urgently prioritize submission of the report required by section 1239A(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91; 131 Stat. 1671) on a comprehensive strategy to counter malign activities of Russia. Initiative to support protection of national security academic researchers from undue influence and other security threats (sec. 1286) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1283) that would require the Secretary of Defense to implement an application certification requirement for researchers seeking funding to ensure that funds not be made available to any individual who has participated in or is currently participating in a foreign talent program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would replace the certification requirement with a directive to the Secretary of Defense to establish an initiative to support the protection of national security academic researchers from undue influence, including through foreign talent programs, and other security threats, by developing policies, training, and regulations and procedures with academic organizations to support the goals of this initiative. The conferees believe that such an initiative will help support the protection of intellectual property, controlled information, key personnel, and information about critical technologies relevant to national security; protect academic freedom and global scientific collaboration; limit undue influences by countries seeking to exploit United States technology within the Department of Defense research; and support efforts toward the development of domestic talent in relevant scientific and engineering fields. Report on Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador (sec. 1287) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1299H) that would direct the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, to submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report regarding narcotics trafficking corruption and illicit campaign finance in Honduras, Guatemala, and El Salvador not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 6205). The House recedes with an amendment that would direct the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense and other appropriate officials, to submit the report, rather than the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence. Modification of freedom of navigation reporting requirements (sec. 1288) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1289) that would amend section 1275 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), as amended by section 1262(a)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 
(Public Law 115–91), to add the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives as recipients of the annual report setting forth an update of the most current Department of Defense Freedom of Navigation Report under the Freedom of Navigation Operations (FONOPS) program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Coordination of efforts to negotiate free trade agreements with certain subSaharan African countries (sec. 1289) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6201) that would require the Chief Executive Officer of the Millennium Challenge Corporation to consult and coordinate with the United States Trade Representative and the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development for the purpose of developing and carrying out the plan required by section 116(b) of the African Growth and Opportunity Act under section 3723(b) of title 19, United States Code. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would modify section 1293 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 19 U.S.C. 3723 note) to require the United States Trade Representative to consult and coordinate with the Millennium Challenge Corporation and the United States Agency for International Development in specified circumstances. Certifications regarding actions by Saudi Arabia and the United Arab Emirates in Yemen (sec. 1290) The Senate amendment included a provision (sec. 1266) that would prohibit the expenditure of funds to provide authorized in flight refueling to Saudi or Saudiled coalition nonUnited States aircraft conducting missions in Yemen, pending certifications by the Secretary of State that the Government of Saudi Arabia is taking certain actions related to the civil war in Yemen. The provision would include several exceptions and a national security waiver that may be exercised by the Secretary of State. The House bill contained no such provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the certification on actions undertaken by the United Arab Emirates in addition to Saudi Arabia. Treatment of Rwandan Patriotic Front and Rwandan Patriotic Army under Immigration and Nationality Act (sec. 1291) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6202) that would exclude the Rwandan Patriotic Front and the Rwandan Patriotic Army from the definition of terrorist organization under specified sections of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182(a)(3)(B)(vi)(III))) for any period before August 1, 1994. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a clarifying amendment. Limitation on availability of funds to implement the Arms Trade Treaty (sec. 1292) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1299M) that would prohibit the availability of funds for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense to obligate or expend to fund a Secretariat or any other international organization established to support the implementation of the Arms Trade Treaty, to sustain domestic prosecutions based on any charge related to the Treaty, or to implement the Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty and implementing legislation for the Treaty has been enacted into law. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would prohibit the use of any funds authorized to be appropriated by this act or otherwise made available for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Defense to implement the Arms Trade Treaty, or to make any change to existing programs, projects, or activities as approved by Congress in furtherance of, pursuant to, or otherwise to implement such Treaty, unless the Treaty has received the advice and consent of the Senate and has been the subject of implementing legislation, as required by Congress. Prohibition on provision of weapons and other forms of support to certain organizations (sec. 1293) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1282) that would prohibit the use of funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act to the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019 to provide weapons to a number of specified terrorist organizations and any other entity that the Secretary of Defense determines may trade or sell arms to terrorist organizations. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment. Modified waiver authority for certain sanctionable transactions under section 231 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (sec. 1294) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1236) that would require reports with regard to Russian violations of the INF Treaty and the supply chains for Russian arms sales program. The provision would also require the imposition of sanctions against specific persons, with a focus on persons providing support to the Russian defense industrial supply chain. The provision would also amend section 231 of the Countering America’s Adversaries Through Sanctions Act (CAATSA) (Public Law 115–44) by providing an authority to suspend the imposition of sanctions under that Act for 180day periods if the President provides certain certifications. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would provide a modified procedure by which the President may use the existing authority under section 236(b) of CAATSA, without regard to the expedited review procedures in section 216 of CAATSA, to waive the application of sanctions if the President provides a certification to the appropriate congressional committees not less than 30 days in advance of the waiver taking effect. The amendment would preclude the President from using the waiver with respect to a significant transaction with specified entities of the Russian defense or intelligence sectors, including the Main Intelligence Agency of the General Staff of the Armed Forces of the Russian Federation (GRU), which the United States intelligence community assessed on January 6, 2017, played a direct role in Russian interference in the 2016 United States presidential election. The President would be required to certify that the waiver is in the national security interests of the United States. The President would also be required to certify that the significant transaction for which the waiver is being used would not: (1) endanger the integrity of any multilateral alliance of which the United States is a part; (2) adversely affect ongoing operations of the Armed Forces of the United States, including coalition operations in which the such forces participate; (3) result in a significant negative impact to defense cooperation between the United States and the country whose government has primary jurisdiction over the person; and (4) significantly increase the risk of compromising United States defense systems and operational capabilities, including through the diversion of United States sensitive technology. The President would be further required to certify that the government with primary jurisdiction over the person who engages in the significant transaction is: (1) taking or will take steps to reduce its inventory of major defense equipment and advanced conventional weapons produced by the defense sector of the Russian Federation as a share of its total inventory of major defense equipment and advanced conventional weapons over a specified period; or cooperating with the United States Government on other matters that are critical to United States strategic national security interests. Not later than 120 days after the date on which the President submits the specified certification, and annually thereafter for two years, the amendment would require the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense to jointly submit a report on such waiver, including: (1) the extent to which the waiver under section 236(b) has or has not resulted in the compromise of United States systems and operational capabilities, including through the diversion of United States sensitive technology to a person that is part of, or operates for or on behalf of, the intelligence sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation; and (2) the extent to which the government with primary jurisdiction over the person is taking specific enforcement actions. Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the amendment would require the President to submit an initial report that describes those persons that the President has determined under section 231 of CAATSA have knowingly engaged in a significant transaction with a person that is part of, or operates for or on behalf of, the defense or intelligence sectors of the Government of the Russian Federation. The amendment would also require updates every 90 days thereafter for a period of 5 years. The amendment would clarify that nothing in its contents would modify, waive, or terminate any existing sanctions in effect on the date of enactment of this Act. Rule of construction relating to the use of force (sec. 1295) The House bill contained three provisions (sec. 1230A, sec. 1267, and sec. 1288) providing a rule of construction that nothing in this Act may be construed as authorizing the use of force against Iran or North Korea. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  NATO Strategic Communications Center of Excellence The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1203) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to provide funds for fiscal year 2019 for the purposes of supporting the NATO Strategic Communications Center of Excellence, and would direct the Secretary of Defense to assign executive agent responsibilities to an appropriate organization within the Department of Defense. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. NATO Cooperative Cyber Defense Center of Excellence The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1204) that would authorize the Secretary of 
Defense to provide funds for fiscal year 2019 for the purposes of supporting the NATO Cooperative Cyber Defense Center of Excellence, and would direct the Secretary of Defense to assign executive agent responsibilities to an appropriate organization within the Department of Defense. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report on security cooperation with Haiti The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1207) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, and every 180 days thereafter for three years, a report on cooperation between the Department of Defense and the Government of Haiti. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State to provide a briefing not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act to the congressional defense committees, the House Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations on security cooperation programs between the United States and Government of Haiti. The briefing should include the following elements: (1) An overview of all United States security cooperation and assistance programs in Haiti, including descriptions of the purpose, objectives, and type of training, equipment, or assistance provided, the lead agency with responsibility for each such program, and how such programs advance the nationals security interests of the United States; (2) A description of the cost, scope, size, and components of such programs for fiscal years 2017 and 2018, including for each such program the following: (a) The purpose and objectives of the program; (b) The authority or authorities under which the program is conducted; (c) The types of units receiving assistance, including components of the Armed Forces of Haiti; (d) The funding and personnel levels for the program in each such fiscal year, future year costs, including sustainment costs, over the next five fiscal years, and any required increases of capacity to support the program, as appropriate; and (3) Any other matters determined appropriate by the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State. Report on allied contributions to the common defense The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1209) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to certain congressional committees on annual defense spending by United States allies and partners. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that contributions to common security by United States allies and partners are addressed elsewhere in this report. Enhanced military activities The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1210) that would require the Secretary of Defense to seek opportunities to conduct certain North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) naval exercises. The provision would also authorize the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to conduct joint research projects with NATO allies for certain purposes. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that enhanced military activities of the United States with NATO allies are addressed elsewhere in this report. Report on security cooperation programs and activities of the Department of Defense in certain foreign countries The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1210A) that would require a report on security cooperation programs and activities of the Department of Defense in Afghanistan, Iraq, Yemen, Nigeria, Mali, Chad, Somalia, and the Philippines, that were carried out at any time during the period beginning on September 11, 2001, and ending on the date of enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that elsewhere in this Act is a provision that addresses the importance of a rigorous assessment, monitoring, and evaluation regime of the Department’s security cooperation programs and activities and the importance of incorporating lessons learned to increase the effectiveness of future security cooperation programs. Report on assistance to Pakistan The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1214) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act describing the manner in which the Department provides assistance to the Government of Pakistan. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Department to provide a report to the congressional defense committees on the assistance provided to Pakistan no later than January 1, 2019. Topics to be covered in the report shall include, but are not limited to, the fiscal authorities used to provide assistance to Pakistan as well as the amounts provided under each authority for fiscal years 2016, 2017, and 2018, a detailed description of the main lines of effort as well as the measures of effectiveness and measures of performance associated with each line of effort, and an articulation of the desired outcomes associated with any assistance provided. It is expected that the Department’s report will be made at the unclassified level and may include a classified annex. Sense of Congress relating to Dr. Shakil Afridi The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1215) that would state that it is the sense of Congress that Dr. Shakil Afridi is an international hero and that the Government of Pakistan should release him immediately from prison. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note the contributions of Dr. Afridi to efforts to locate Osama bin Laden, remain concerned about Dr. Afridi’s continuing incarceration, and urge the Government of Pakistan to release him immediately. Sense of Congress on ballistic missile cooperation to counter Iran The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1224) that would offer a number of findings concerning the importance of ballistic missile defense cooperation to counter Iran and express the sense of Congress that member countries of the Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) should engage in such cooperation with the support of the United States. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees recognize the importance of ballistic missile defense cooperation in the Middle East, particularly among the member countries of the GCC given Iran’s ballistic missile program and its broader destabilizing actions in the region. The conferees encourage the countries of the GCC to take meaningful steps to develop and implement an interoperable ballistic missile defense architecture to defend against the Iranian ballistic missile threat that emphasizes information sharing and includes early warning and tracking data. Furthermore, the conferees support continued bilateral and multilateral missile defense exercises between the United States and its partners in the region and encourage increasing the capacity of those partners through foreign military sales as appropriate and practicable. Syria Study Group The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1224) that would establish a Syria Study Group tasked with providing a report with findings and recommendations on the military and diplomatic strategy of the United States with respect to the conflict in Syria. The House bill contained no such provision. The Senate recedes. Report on compliance of Iran under the Chemical Weapons Convention The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1226) that would require the Secretary of State and Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the appropriate committees of Congress on the extent to which Iran is complying with its obligations under the Chemical Weapons Convention. The Senate amendment contained no such provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State to submit a report not later than February 1, 2019, to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House on the extent to which Iran is complying with its obligations under the Chemical Weapons Convention that includes the following elements: (1) A description, assessment, and verification, to the extent practicable, of any credible information that Iran has assisted the Government of Syria in committing actions that violate the convention; (2) A description of any dualuse technologies sought by Iran that could advance Iran’s capability to produce chemical weapons for offensive use; (3) The implications of any activities or technologies described in the elements above for Iran’s compliance with international obligations relating to nonproliferation; and (4) Any other matters the Secretaries determine to be relevant. The report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. Report on potential release of chemical weapons or chemical weapons precursors from Barzeh Research and Development Center and Him Shinshar chemical weapons storage and bunker facilities in Homs province of Syria The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1227) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act that contains a review and analysis of the potential for the release of chemical weapons or chemical weapons precursors from two facilities in Syria that were targets of strikes 
by the United States and partner forces on April 13, 2018. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act on the potential for release of chemical weapons or chemical weapons precursors from the two facilities in question, the Barzeh Research and Development Center and the Him Shinshar chemical weapons storage and bunker facilities in Homs province of Syria that were targets of strikes by the United States and partner forces on April 13, 2018. The briefing should include an assessment of the methodology the Secretary of Defense used prior to such strikes to determine the potential of the release of chemical agents or chemical weapons precursors affecting local residents and the potential for chemical agents to enter into the aquifer, air, soil, or other aspects of the environment. Report on Iranian support of proxy forces in Syria and Lebanon The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1229) that would require the President to submit to Congress not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act a report that describes the Government of Iran’s support of proxy forces in Syria and Lebanon and assesses the resulting threat posed to Israel, other regional allies of the United States, and the interests of the United States. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that the Department of Defense’s congressionally mandated annual report on the military power of Iran already requires information on support from Iran to groups designated by the United States as foreign terrorist organizations and regional militant groups, including forces that are willing to carry out operations on behalf of Iran. The conferees encourage the Secretary of Defense to include detailed information in future reports regarding: the regional threats posed by arms or related material transferred by Iran to Hezbollah; the means by which such arms transfers are made; and the impacts of Iranian and Iraniancontrolled personnel, including Hezbollah, Shiite militias, and Iran’s Revolutionary Guard Corps forces, operating within Syria. The conferees also note that, elsewhere in this report, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State and other appropriate officials, to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report specific to Hezbollah. Sense of Congress on the lack of authorization for the use of the Armed Forces against Iran The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1230) that would express the sense of Congress that the use of the Armed Forces against Iran is not authorized by this Act or any other Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that nothing in this Act may be construed to authorize the use of the Armed Forces of the United States against Iran. At the time of the signing of this report, the conferees are not aware of any information that would justify the use of military force against Iran under any other statutory authority. Afghanistan security The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1230B) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to submit a report on the progress made by the Government of Afghanistan in achieving the securitysector benchmarks as outlined by the United StatesAfghan Compact. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees welcome the introduction of the bilateral U.S.Afghanistan Compact, and the focus on the four pillars of governance, economics, peace and reconciliation, and security. However, the conferees are disappointed by the lack of transparency provided by the Department of Defense and the Department of State on the central tenants of the Compact and the associated benchmarks. The conferees note that further detail on the Compact and its securitysector benchmarks is required elsewhere in this report. Sense of Congress on ballistic missile program of Iran The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1230C) that would express the sense of Congress that the ballistic missile program of Iran represents a serious threat to the allies of the United States in the Middle East and Europe, members of the Armed Forces deployed in those regions, and ultimately the United States. It would also express the sense of Congress that the Government of the United States should impose tough primary and secondary sanctions against institutions and persons that directly or indirectly support the program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees remain deeply concerned by Iran’s ballistic missile program, which poses a significant threat to regional stability and United States interests. Iran’s testing and production of ballistic missiles capable of delivering nuclear weapons violates multiple unanimously adopted United Nations Security Council resolutions. To address this threat, the conferees believe existing unilateral and multilateral sanctions should be fully utilized to help deny support to the Iranian ballistic missile program and that the United States should continue to engage with partners and allies to address the Iranian ballistic missile threat. Imposition of sanctions The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1230F) that would require the President to impose specified sanctions on AsSaib Ahl al Haq, Harakat Hezbollah alNujaba, and foreign persons with certain associations with the former two organizations. The Senate amendment contained no such provision. The House recedes. The conferees encourage the Secretary of State to continuously review whether groups that are affiliated with Iran meet the criteria for designation as a foreign terrorist organization or the application of sanctions pursuant to Executive Order 13224. Report on United States strikes against Syria The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1230G) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act to the congressional defense committees a report providing a detailed explanation of the legal basis under both domestic and international law for the strikes conducted by the United States in Syria on April 6, 2017 and April 13, 2018. The House bill also included a provision (sec. 1230H) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives on the United States military strikes on Syria on April 13, 2018. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to submit, not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act, a report on the United States strikes on Syria on April 6, 2017 and April 13, 2018, to the congressional defense committees and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. The report, which shall be unclassified but may include a classified annex, shall include the following elements: (1) A legal analysis of the relevant domestic and international authorities and precedents justifying the strikes; (2) A description of the objectives of the strikes and assessment of whether such objectives were achieved by the strikes; and (3) An assessment of the extent to which the operations of the Syrian military or other proregime forces were affected by such strikes, including whether the strikes had any lasting impact on such operations. Report on evolving financing mechanisms leveraged by the Islamic State and affiliate entities The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1230I) that would require the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of the Treasury, and the Secretary of State to submit to Congress a report that contains an assessment on current and projected funding mechanisms used by the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) and its affiliates, as well as efforts by the United States to deny access to such mechanisms. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees acknowledge the importance and complexity of counterterrorist financing efforts led by the Department of the Treasury, the Department of State, the Department of Defense, and other departments and agencies in targeting an array of terrorist organizations, including ISIS, which maintain diversified revenue streams. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of State, the Secretary of Treasury, and Secretary of Defense, in coordination with other relevant Federal officials, to provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act, on ISIS and its affiliates’ finances, trends in their revenue streams and means of financial support, and United States’ efforts to deny them access to funding mechanisms. Sense of Senate on relocation of Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1234) that would express the sense of the Senate concerning the relocation of the Joint Intelligence Analysis Complex (JIAC). The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the House bill and Senate amendment contained provisions, which require that military construction related to the relocation of the JIAC shall take place within the United Kingdom. These provisions are addressed elsewhere in this report. In addition, the conferees believe that in consideration of any future plans, including the conduct of any analysis of alternatives, regarding the relocation of the JIAC, the Secretary of Defense should maintain its collocation with the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) Intelligence Fusion Center. 
Statement of policy on United States military investment in Europe The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1235) that would state that it is the policy of the United States to sustain credible deterrence against aggression by the Government of the Russian Federation, including through investments to enhance U.S. force posture in Europe. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that sustaining credible deterrence against Russian aggression and enhancing U.S. force posture in Europe are addressed elsewhere in this report. Report on security cooperation between the Russian Federation and Cuba, Nicaragua, and Venezuela The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1237) that would require the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency to submit not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act to the appropriate committees of Congress a report on security cooperation between the Russian Federation and Cuba, Nicaragua, and Venezuela. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees continue to be concerned by Russian military and intelligence activity in the Western Hemisphere and urge the Department of Defense to engage in dialogue and cooperation on security with U.S. partners and allies in the region. Furthermore, conferees direct the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act to submit to the Committee on Armed Services, Committee on Foreign Relations, and Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services, the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report on security cooperation between the Russian Federation and Cuba, Nicaragua, and Venezuela with the following elements: (1) An assessment of bilateral security cooperation between the Russian Federation and Cuba, Nicaragua, and Venezuela, respectively, that includes each of the following: (a) A list of Russian weapon systems or other military hardware or technology valued at not less than $1.0 million provided to or purchased by such country since January 1, 2007; (b) A description of the participation of the security forces of such country in training or exercises with the security forces of the Russian Federation since January 1, 2007; (c) A description of any security cooperation agreement between the Russian Federation and such country; (d) A description of any military or intelligence infrastructure, facilities, and assets developed by the Russian Federation in each such country and any associated agreements or understandings between the Russian Federation and such country; and (2) An assessment of security cooperation, specifically in an advisory role, among Cuba, Nicaragua, and Venezuela. The report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. Sense of Congress regarding Russia’s violations of the Chemical Weapons Convention The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1238) that would express the sense of Congress that the Russian Federation is in violation of the Chemical Weapons Convention. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that Russia’s stock pile of chemical weapons has been implicated and involved in several assassinations and through their actions of inhibiting the Organization for the Prohibition of Chemical Weapons’ work in Syria, Russia has disregarded the obligations imposed by the Chemical Weapons Convention and is in contravention of that agreement. Report on Kremlinlinked corruption The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1241) that would require a report from the Secretary of Treasury, in coordination with the Secretary of State and in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, regarding certain assets owned by Vladimir Putin, Russian oligarchs, and senior officials of the Russian government not later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act. The provision would also require the report to be published 60 days after it was submitted to Congress. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Treasury, in coordination with the Secretary of State and in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, to provide the appropriate congressional committees, including the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and House of Representatives, with a briefing on the assets owned by Vladimir Putin, the Russian oligarchs mentioned in the report provided to Congress under Sec 241 of Public Law 115–44 (CAATSA), and senior officials of the Russian government. The briefing shall include the location, value, size and contents of bank accounts, real estate holdings, and all other financial assets, as well as the use of shell companies employed to hide assets, that belong to the aforementioned individuals and their immediate family members and proxies. Report on Russia’s support for the Taliban and other destabilizing activities in Afghanistan The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1242) that would require the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State to jointly submit to the congressional defense and foreign affairs committees a report on Russia’s support for the Taliban and other destabilizing activities in Afghanistan. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note with deep concern Russia’s destabilizing activities in Afghanistan. By misrepresenting the danger that Islamic State of Iraq and the Levant—Khorasan Province (ISISK) presents in Afghanistan and providing material support to the Taliban, Russia has consistently undermined the international effort to establish peace and stability in Afghanistan and the Central and South Asian region. To better understand the nature of these activities, the conferees direct the appropriate agency within the Department of Defense, in conjunction with the Intelligence Community, to provide a report to the congressional defense and foreign relations committees no later than January 31st, 2019. The required report should be made at the classified level with an unclassified summary and should address Russian destabilizing activities in the region over the past 10 years, an articulation of Russian goals in executing such activities and an assessment of their abilities and potential to affect future operations that run counter to U.S. and Afghan goals in the region. Sense of Senate on strategic importance of maintaining commitments under Compacts of Free Association The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1248) that would express the sense of the Senate concerning the strategic importance of maintaining commitments under Compacts of Free Association. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees believe that maintaining the commitments of the United States under the Compacts of Free Association is of vital strategic importance to the national security interests of the United States. Furthermore, the conferees note that under compacts with the Freely Associated States (FAS), the Federated States of Micronesia, Republic of the Marshall Islands, and Palau, the United States has exclusive military use rights in these countries in exchange for the defense of the FAS. The Compacts of Free Association (COFA) have enabled the United States to maintain critical access in the IndoPacific region and are important to strengthening partnerships and maintaining commitments in the IndoPacific region. Report on terrorists use of human shields The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1252) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to provide a report on the use of human shields by terrorist groups to protect otherwise lawful targets from attack. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees remain concerned about the use of human shields by terrorists and the challenge such tactics pose for military operations. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees, the Senate Committee on Foreign Relations, and the House Committee on Foreign Affairs no later than March 31, 2019, on the use of human shields by terrorists. The briefing should include a discussion of lessons learned by the United States and its allies and partners and actions taken by the Department of Defense (DOD) to address the use of human shields by terrorist groups. The briefing should also include a description of any plans and actions being taken by DOD to incorporate lessons learned into DOD operating guidance, capabilities, and tactics, techniques, and procedures to counter and address the challenge posed by the use of human shields. Missile defense exercises in the IndoPacific region with United States regional allies and partners The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1255) that would express the sense of the Congress on supporting the continued development and deployment of a robust missile defense in the IndoPacific region, including by increasing the capacity of interceptors, sensors and operational concepts; planning for operationally realistic bilateral and multilateral missile defense exercises with regional allies and partners along with exercises that are specifically focused on interoperability; and increasing foreign military sales and areas of coproduction for components of missile defense systems among appropriate allies and partners. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct that, not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on the plans for missile defense exercises in the IndoPacific region with allies and partners to improve interoperability. 
Quadrilateral cooperation and exercise The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1256) that would express the sense of the Congress on supporting quadrilateral cooperation among the United States, Japan, Australia, and India, and others as appropriate. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees believe that the United States in cooperation with Japan, India, Australia, and other allies and partners should work together to uphold the values of a free and open IndoPacific region and promote regional security and stability through appropriate cooperation regarding the rule of law, peaceful resolution of disputes, maritime security, nonproliferation, and counterterrorism. Therefore, the conferees direct that, not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense provide to the congressional defense committees a briefing on the plans to enhance security cooperation among the United States, Japan, Australia, India, and other countries, as appropriate, including through appropriate military activities and exercises, capacity building efforts among other countries in the IndoPacific region, and joint regional infrastructure initiatives. Report on United States military training opportunities with allies and partners in the IndoPacific region The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1256) that would express the sense of the Senate and require a report concerning United States military training opportunities with allies and partners in the IndoPacific region. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees believe that the Secretary of Defense should continue to place emphasis on United States military training exercises with allies in the IndoPacific region. Therefore, the conferees direct that, not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Defense submit to the congressional defense committees a report on future United States military training opportunities with allied partner countries in the IndoPacific region. The report shall include the following: (1) a detailed description of current United States military exercises involving United States partners and allies in the IndoPacific region, the manner in which such exercises are intended to improve the capability and capacity of such partners and allies, and the interoperability of such partners and allies with the United States Armed Forces; (2) an analysis of the potential to expand the size, scope, or makeup of such exercises to include additional forces and units of current participants, additional capabilities or training, and other allies and partners in the IndoPacific region and other regions; (3) an identification of new United States military exercises that may be initiated with allies and partners, including through multilateral frameworks such as the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), in the IndoPacific region, allies and partners outside the IndoPacific region, and potential new allies or partners. Statement of policy on naval vessel transfers to Japan The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1260) that it shall be the policy of the United States to support maritime defense cooperation with Japan, including through the transfer of excess United States naval vessels to the Japanese Maritime SelfDefense Force, and that such transfers should include capabilities such as those represented by the Tarawa class amphibious assault ship, the Austin class amphibious transport dock, and the Charleston class amphibious cargo ship. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State jointly to provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, on the potential for the transfer of excess United States naval vessels to Japan, including those represented by the Tarawa class amphibious assault ship, the Austin class amphibious transport dock, and the Charleston class amphibious cargo ship, and opportunities to collaborate with Japan on the transfer of excess United States naval vessels to other countries, particularly in Southeast Asia. Senior defense engagement with Taiwan The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1262) that would express the sense of Congress that, pursuant to the Taiwan Travel Act (Public Law 115–135), a service secretary or member of the joint chiefs should visit Taiwan for a seniorlevel defense engagement. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives on any plans of the Department to carry out seniorlevel defense engagement. Sense of Senate on purchase by Turkey of S–400 air defense system The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1263) that would express the sense of the Senate that the President should impose and apply sanctions under the Countering America’s Adversaries through Sanctions Act (Public Law 115–44) against the Republic of Turkey if it purchases the S–400 air defense system from the Russian Federation. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that concerns about the ramifications of the Republic of Turkey’s expressed intention to purchase the S–400 air and missile defense system from Russia, including the possibility of sanctions, are addressed elsewhere in this report. Department of Defense support for stabilization activities in national security interest of the United States The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1264) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State and in consultation with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, to provide certain support for the stabilization activities of other Federal agencies. The House bill amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Report on North Korea The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1266) that would require a report concerning certain efforts of the Department of State with respect to North Korea. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the conferees direct the Secretary of State, in consultation with the heads of other relevant federal departments and agencies, to submit a report that includes a description of any ongoing or planned efforts of the Department of State with respect to each of the following: (1) resuming the repatriation from North Korea of members of the United States Armed Forces missing or unaccounted for during the Korean War; (2) reuniting Korean Americans with their relatives in North Korea; and (3) assessing the security risks posed by travel to North Korea for United States citizens. The report shall be submitted in an unclassified form to the following committees: the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. Sense of Senate on support for G5 Sahel Joint Force countries The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1267) that would express the sense of the Senate on support for the G5 Sahel Joint Force countries. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the G5 Sahel Joint Force is addressed elsewhere in this report. Review of controlled items with respect to China The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1268) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to Congress a list of technologies listed on the Commerce Control List and exempted from export to China, and a list of such items removed from the list over the previous 15 years. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that export control and technology protection are subjects of great interest for Congress, as demonstrated by other provisions on both topics elsewhere in this bill. The conferees are aware of ongoing efforts to protect U.S. technologies from aggressive attempts by China and other countries to obtain those technologies using both legal and illicit means. The conferees expect that interagency deliberations on these issues will appropriately consider and balance the Department of Defense’s national security concerns with other factors. Sense of Congress on broadening and expanding strategic partnerships and allies The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1268) that it is the sense of Congress that the United States manages multiple strategic challenges through the enduring strength of its alliances and that it remains resolved to forge new alliances and partnerships in order to address shared challenges in Europe, the IndoPacific, and throughout the world. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the importance of maintaining and strengthening United States alliances and partnerships to meet strategic challenges throughout the world is addressed elsewhere in this report. Humanitarian assistance and disaster relief exercises conducted by the Department of Defense in the IndoPacific region The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1269) that would express the sense of Congress and require a briefing on humanitarian assistance and disaster relief exercises conducted by the Department of Defense in the IndoPacific region. 
The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Not later than the end of the first fiscal year beginning after the date of enactment of this Act, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to provide a briefing on the following: (1) a description of humanitarian assistance and disaster relief exercises conducted by the Department of Defense in the IndoPacific region in the previous year that also identifies the partner countries and militaries involved in any such operations and exercises; (2) a description of any planned humanitarian assistance and disaster relief exercises for the following fiscal year in the IndoPacific region; (3) a description of any constraints on the ability of the Department of Defense to conduct humanitarian assistance and disaster relief exercises, including in resources; and (4) a description of any efforts undertaken by the Secretary of Defense to ease operational burdens on the Armed Forces of the United States to participate in humanitarian assistance or disaster relief exercises, such as the prepositioning of equipment, inclusion of additional partners, and inclusion of exercises that may ordinarily be conducted independently of any humanitarian assistance operation or exercise. The briefing shall be provided to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives. Increase in minimum amount of obligations from the Special Defense Acquisition Fund for precision guided munitions The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1270) that would increase the amount of annual obligations from the Special Defense Acquisition Fund for the procurement and stocking of precision guided munitions from 20 percent to 25 percent. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Sense of Congress on unity of Gulf Cooperation Council member countries The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1272) that would express the sense of Congress on the importance of unity among Gulf Cooperation Council (GCC) member countries. The Senate amendment contained no such provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that the member countries of the GCC are important security cooperation partners of the United States and that their unity is critical given growing threats from Iran in the region. The conferees further note that the timely normalization of diplomatic, security, and economic relationships among GCC member countries is in the best interest of the United States and encourage the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State to facilitate such normalization as soon as possible. Authority to increase engagement and military tomilitary cooperation with Western Balkans countries The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1274) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to increase engagement and militarytomilitary cooperation utilizing authorized programs and activities under chapter 16 of title 10, United States Code, with the nations of the Western Balkans, including Serbia, Bosnia and Herzegovina, Kosovo, and Macedonia. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that the United States engagement and militarytomilitary cooperation in the Western Balkans is addressed elsewhere in this report. Threeyear extension of authorization of non conventional assisted recovery capabilities The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1277) that would extend the authority contained in Section 943 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2009 (Public Law 110–417), as most recently amended by section 1051 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) by three years. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Sense of Congress on support for Georgia The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1284) that would express the sense of Congress regarding United States support for Georgia’s sovereignty and territorial integrity as well as support for continued cooperation between the United States and Georgia. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that United States support for cooperation with Georgia is addressed elsewhere in this report. Sense of Congress on support for Estonia, Latvia, and Lithuania The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1285) that would express the sense of Congress regarding United States support for the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Latvia, and the Republic of Lithuania. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that United States support for the Republic of Estonia, the Republic of Latvia, and the Republic of Lithuania is addressed elsewhere in this report. Report on United States strategy in Yemen The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1286) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a strategy of the United States Forces with respect to Yemen not later than February 1, 2019. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the United States’ strategy and activities in Yemen not later than February 1, 2019. At a minimum, the report shall include the following elements: (1) The diplomatic and security objectives of the United States in Yemen; (2) Indicators for the effectiveness of United States military efforts to achieve such interests, objectives, goals, or endstates; (3) The costs associated with the involvement of the United States Armed Forces in Yemen, including costs relating to counterterrorism activities, refueling missions, or other military activities; and (4) The estimated annual resources required through fiscal year 2022 for the United States Armed Forces to achieve such objectives. Report on Hezbollah The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1287) that would require the President to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on Hezbollah’s activities and objectives not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with Secretary of State and other appropriate officials, to submit a report on Hezbollah’s activities to the appropriate congressional committees not later than 120 days after the enactment of this Act. At a minimum, the report shall include the following elements: (1) A description of Hezbollah’s strategic objectives in the Middle East; (2) A description of Hezbollah’s activities throughout the Middle East, including its involvement in and effects upon conflicts throughout the region; (3) A description of Hezbollah’s conventional and unconventional military capabilities, including an estimate of its known rocket and missile arsenal; (4) A description of Hezbollah’s finances, including its sources of financial support and a description of how it utilizes its financial resources in Lebanon; (5) A description of the supply routes used in Hezbollah’s procurement of illegal weapons and other illicit materiel; and (6) An evaluation of the progress of the United Nations Interim Force in Lebanon in enforcing its mandate to assist the Government of Lebanon in ensuring the return of its effective authority in southern Lebanon, along with a description of any factors inhibiting the achievement of that objective. The report shall be submitted to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives. It shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. Sense of Congress regarding the role of the United States in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1290) that would express the sense of Congress that continued United States leadership in the North Atlantic Treaty Organization is critical to the national security of the United States. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that support for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization is addressed elsewhere in this report. Sense of Congress and reaffirming the commitment of the United States to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1291) that would express the sense of Congress regarding the commitment of the United States to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that support for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization is addressed elsewhere in this report. Sense of Congress relating to increases in defense capabilities of United States allies The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1292) that would express the sense of Congress that the President should encourage members of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) to fulfill their commitments to levels and composition of defense expenditures as agreed upon at the NATO 2014 Wales Summit and NATO 2016 Warsaw Summit. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that the role of NATO and support for U.S. allies and partners in Europe are addressed elsewhere in this report. 
Report on threats by the Muslim Brotherhood The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1293) that would express the sense of Congress that the Muslim Brotherhood is a threat to the United States. Additionally, it would require the President and the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report that contains an assessment of the Muslim Brotherhood’s origins, aims, organization, and activities. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of State, in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence and other relevant officials, to provide to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations, the Committee of Appropriations of the Senate, and the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate and the Committee on Foreign Affairs, the Committee on Appropriations, and the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, a report on the Muslim Brotherhood and its affiliated branches in Middle Eastern and North African countries not later than one year after the enactment of this Act. The report shall contain the following elements: (1) A description of the origins of the Muslim Brotherhood; (2) A description of the strategic and political objectives of the Muslim Brotherhood as a movement; (3) A description of the activities of the Muslim Brotherhood in the Middle East and North Africa; (4) A list of Muslim Brotherhood branches and affiliations by country in the Middle East and North Africa; (5) A description of the extent to which the objectives and activities of the Muslim Brotherhood and affiliated organizations differ across the various countries in which they have a presence in the Middle East and North Africa; (6) A description of the funding sources of each Muslim Brotherhood branch in the Middle East and North Africa; (7) A description of the organization and leadership structures of the Muslim Brotherhood in the Middle East and North Africa; and (8) Any other matters the Secretary of State considers appropriate. The report shall be submitted in unclassified form, but may include a classified annex. Report by Defense Intelligence Agency on certain military capabilities of China and Russia The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1294) that would require the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency to submit to the Secretary of Defense and certain congressional committees a report on the military capabilities of the People’s Republic of China and the Russian Federation. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report on efforts to combat Boko Haram in Nigeria and the Lake Chad Basin The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1295) that would require the Secretary of Defense, Secretary of State, and the Attorney General to jointly submit to Congress a report on efforts to combat Boko Haram in Nigeria and the Lake Chad Basin. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note the threat posed by Boko Haram and the Islamic State in Iraq and SyriaWest Africa (ISIS–WA), and the destabilizing impact these groups have on the countries in the Lake Chad Basin and the security interests of the United States. The United States should continue to work with partners and allies in the region to disrupt violent extremist organizations, including Nigeria and the countries that compose the G5 Sahel Force. To this end, the conferees support ongoing efforts to work with Nigeria and the G5 Sahel Force countries to improve security along the respective borders of each country; to address underlying sources of instability in each country through a wholeofgovernment approach; and to build and sustain effective, accountable governments as well as capable and professional militaries in each country. The conferees expect the Secretary of Defense to keep the congressional defense committees regularly informed of related Department of Defense efforts. Lastly, the conferees note that section 1279A of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) required a comprehensive strategy to support improvements in defense institutions and security sector forces in Nigeria in order to more effectively combat the threat posed by regional terrorist groups. Report on interference in Libya by military and security forces of other foreign nations The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1296) that would require the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State to jointly submit to the appropriate congressional committees a report on the military activities of external actors in Libya, including Russia, Egypt, and the United Arab Emirates. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State to jointly submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives a report on the military activities of external actors in Libya. The report shall be submitted in unclassified form but may contain a classified annex. The report should include an assessment of military, security, and influence activities by foreign countries in Libya, including Russia, Egypt, and the United Arab Emirates. The report shall address, at a minimum, the following: (1) A description of actions that violate or seek to violate the United Nations arms embargo on Libya imposed pursuant to United Nations Security Council Resolution 1970 (2011); (2) A description of actions outside the scope of such Resolution that seek to increase the relative strength of either the eastern or western coalition in Libya, including through financing, policy coordination, or political support; (3) An assessment of whether these actions have undermined the United Nationsled and United Statessupported negotiations or the objective of political reconciliation and stabilization in Libya; (4) An assessment of Russian influence in Libya and Egypt, including any efforts to provide logistical, material or political assistance to Libyan parties, establish a military presence, and expand political influence in Libya, and any facilitation by Egyptian officers or officials for such activities; (5) An assessment of whether the presence and activities of Russian personnel and equipment in Libya and Egypt, and Russian requests to establish bases in Egypt, pose or could pose a future challenge to the United States’ ability to operate in Egypt, Libya, or the southern Mediterranean broadly, including overflight privileges; (6) An assessment of whether Egypt is facilitating Russian influence and materiel provision in Libya and the extent to which such facilitation undermines United States policy, involves United Statesorigin equipment, and violates contractual conditions of acceptable use of such equipment; and (7) Any other matters the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of State determine to be relevant. United States security and humanitarian support strategy for Yemen The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1299) that would require the Secretary of State and the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development, to jointly submit to Congress a comprehensive report on United States security and humanitarian interests in Yemen. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that a provision elsewhere in this Act related to Yemen requires the Secretaries and the Administrator to submit to the appropriate congressional committees an unclassified report on United States objectives in Yemen and a strategy to accomplish those objectives. The conferees expect this report to describe United States efforts to coordinate civilian and military efforts in Yemen, the diplomatic strategy with respect to regional partners seeking to end the civil war, and the role that humanitarian support to civilian populations plays in the United States strategy in Yemen. Report on Bangladesh The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1299A) that would require a report on cooperation between the United States and Bangladesh regarding humanitarian assistance and disaster relief. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, the conferees direct Secretary of State, in coordination with the Administrator of the United States Agency for International Development (USAID) and the Secretary of Defense, to submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives, a report containing (1) an assessment of Bangladesh’s ability to respond to humanitarian crises and natural disasters and (2) recommendations for enhancing humanitarian assistance and disaster relief cooperation between the United States and Bangladesh relating to improving Bangladesh’s ability to respond to humanitarian crises and natural disasters, including through humanitarian consultations, training, and exercises. United States cybersecurity cooperation with Ukraine The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1299B) that would make a series of findings about, state the policy of the United States surrounding, and require the Secretary of State to submit a report on cybersecurity cooperation with and assistance to Ukraine. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that it is the policy of the United States to: (1) Reaffirm the United StatesUkraine Charter on Strategic Partnership, which highlights the importance of the bilateral relationship and outlines enhanced cooperation in the areas of defense, 
security, economics and trade, energy security, democracy, and cultural exchanges; (2) Support continued cooperation between NATO and Ukraine; (3) Support Ukraine’s political and economic reforms; (4) Reaffirm the commitment of the United States to the Budapest Memorandum on Security Assurances; (5) Assist Ukraine’s efforts to enhance its cybersecurity capabilities; and (6) Improve Ukraine’s ability to respond to Russia supported disinformation and propaganda efforts in cyberspace, including through social media and other outlets. The conferees also urge the Secretary of State to take the following actions, commensurate with United States interests, to assist Ukraine to improve its cybersecurity: (1) Provide Ukraine such support as may be necessary to secure government computer networks from malicious cyber intrusions, particularly such networks used in the operation of the critical infrastructure of Ukraine; (2) Provide Ukraine support in reducing reliance on Russian information and communications technology; and (3) Assist Ukraine in building its capacity, expand cybersecurity information sharing, and cooperate on international cyberspace efforts. Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of State shall submit to the congressional defense committees and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate a report on United States cybersecurity cooperation with Ukraine. Such report shall also include information relating to the following: (1) United States efforts to strengthen Ukraine’s ability to prevent, mitigate, and respond to cyber incidents, including through training, education, technical assistance, capacity building, and implementation of cybersecurity risk management strategies; (2) The potential for new areas of collaboration and mutual assistance between the United States and Ukraine in addressing shared cyber challenges, including cybercrime, critical infrastructure protection, and resilience against botnets and other automated, distributed threats; and (3) NATO’s efforts to help Ukraine develop technical capabilities to counter cyber threats. Briefing on China’s military installation in the Republic of Djibouti The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1299C) that would require a briefing from the Secretary of Defense and Secretary of State on an assessment of Chinese military operations in Djibouti and its compliance with international treaty obligations related to laser weapons and landmines. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide a briefing to the Armed Services Committees of the Senate and House of Representatives and the Foreign Relations Committee of the Senate and Foreign Affairs Committee of the House of Representatives on China’s military installation in the Republic of Djibouti. The briefing shall include the following: (1) An assessment of the impact of the People’s Republic of China’s first overseas military installation in the Republic of Djibouti on the ability of the United States forces to operate in the region. (2) An assessment of China’s ability to obtain sensitive information and impact operations conducted from Camp Lemonier in Djibouti, the largest United States military installation on the African continent. (3) An assessment of the ability of the President of Djibouti to terminate by all methods, including by simple decree, the Department of Defense’s lease agreement governing operation of Camp Lemonier. (4) An assessment of the impact of the Chinese base in Djibouti on security and safety of United States personnel in Djibouti. (5) An assessment of the status of China’s compliance with the ‘Protocol on Blinding Laser Weapons’ that forbids employment of laser weapons for the purposes of blinding. (6) An assessment of the laser attack in Djibouti that injured United States airmen. Sense of Congress with respect to the Three Seas Initiative The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1299D) that would express the sense of Congress with respect to the ‘‘Three Seas Initiative.’’ The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees believe the ‘‘Three Seas Initiative’’ could serve as a valuable counterweight to the efforts of the Russian Government to divide Europe and to the regional expansionism of the Chinese Government, particularly in the context of energy and infrastructure. Therefore, the conferees believe the United States should fully support the efforts of the Three Seas Initiative, including by sending a high level delegation to future summits convened by the Initiative, encouraging United States business leaders to participate in the Initiative, and supporting the establishment of a network of Central European chambers of commerce. Report on violence and cartel activity in Mexico The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1299E) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on violence and cartel activity in Mexico and their impact on the national security of the United States. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that a provision elsewhere in this Act requires a report on security cooperation between the United States and Mexico, with a reporting element on the security environment and national security challenges in Mexico, including those posed by violence related to narcotics trafficking and cartel activity. Briefing on Department of Defense Program to Protect United States Students Against Foreign Agents The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1299G) that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on the program described in section 1277 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115—91), including an assessment on whether the program is beneficial to students interning, working part time, or in a program that will result in employment postgraduation with Department of Defense components and contractors. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct that not later than 240 days after the date of enactment of this Act the Secretary of Defense shall provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees on the program described in section 1277 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), including an assessment on whether the program is beneficial to students interning, working part time, or in a program that will result in employment postgraduation with Department of Defense components and contractors. Report on countries and enemy groups against which the United States has taken military action The House bill included a provision (sec. 1299I) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to specified committees of Congress a report that identifies the nations, organizations, and persons against which the United States has taken military action pursuant to the Authorization for the Use of Military Force. The Senate amendment included no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees, the Committee on Foreign Relations of the Senate, and the Committee on Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act a report that identifies the nations, organizations, and persons against which the United States has taken military action pursuant to the Authorization for Use of Military Force (Public Law 107–40; 50 U.S.C. 1541 note). Importance of exchanges between the Department of State and the Department of Defense The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1299J) that would express the sense of Congress of the importance of exchanges between Department of State and Department of Defense. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that United States Government personnel must be able to collaborate across departments and agencies to meet complex national security challenges. The conferees believe that exchange programs between the Department of State and Department of Defense are critical for strengthening the capacity of such Departments to promote regional stability around the world while protecting and promoting United States interests. Foreign Service officers serving as political advisors within the Department of Defense provide deep understanding of diplomatic dynamics and issues and can enable, through such exchange programs, the Department of Defense to make effective and sustained contributions to protecting and promoting United States interests. The conferees believe that Foreign Service officers should be embedded forward with Department of Defense personnel to the fullest extent practicable. Inclusion of influence operations in annual military reports to Congress The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1299L) that would modify the Department of Defense’s respective annual reports to Congress on the People’s Republic of China, the Russian Federation, and Iran to include influence operations as a matter to be included in such reports. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Security cooperation with Eritrea The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1299N) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of State, to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the potential strategic benefits and risks of conducting security cooperation with the Government of Eritrea. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Matters relating to the Government of Burma The House bill contained five provisions (sec. 1299O–1, sec. 1299O–2, sec. 1299O–3, sec. 
1299O–4, and sec. 1299O–5) concerning matters related to the Government of Burma. The provisions would: prohibit the provision security assistance or engagement in security cooperation with the military and security forces of Burma for an eightyear period; require the President to impose sanctions on certain persons and entities involved in serious human rights abuses or impeding the investigation and prosecution of such abuses; require the Secretary of State to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees on the mining sector in Burma’s adherence to certain standards related to transparency; and require the Secretary of State to make a determination as to whether the events that took place in the state of Rakhine in Burma, starting on August 25, 2017, constitute ethnic cleansing, crimes against humanity, or genocide. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. TITLE XIII—C OOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION  Funding allocations (sec. 1301) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1301) that would allocate specific funding amounts for each program under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program at the levels of the President’s budget request. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1302). The Senate recedes. Specification of cooperative threat reduction funds (sec. 1302) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1302) that would specify that funds authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Defense for the Cooperative Threat Reduction Program would be available for obligation in fiscal years 2019, 2020, and 2021. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1301). The Senate recedes. TITLE XIV—O THER AUTHORIZATIONS  Subtitle A—Military Programs Working capital funds (sec. 1401) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1401) that would authorize appropriations for Defense Working Capital Funds at the levels identified in section 4501 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1401). The House recedes. Chemical agents and munitions destruction, defense (sec. 1402) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1402) that would authorize appropriations for Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense at the levels identified in section 4501 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1402). The House recedes. Drug interdiction and counterdrug activities, defensewide (sec. 1403) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1403) that would authorize appropriations for Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, Defensewide at the levels identified in section 4501 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1403). The House recedes. Defense inspector general (sec. 1404) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1404) that would authorize appropriations for the Office of the Inspector General at the levels identified in section 4501 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1404). The House recedes. Defense health program (sec. 1405) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1405) that would authorize appropriations for the Defense Health Program at the levels identified in section 4501 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1405). The Senate recedes with a technical amendment. Subtitle B—Armed Forces Retirement Home Authorization of appropriations for Armed Forces Retirement Home (sec. 1411) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1412) that would authorize an appropriation of $64.3 million from the Armed Forces Retirement Home Trust Fund for fiscal year 2019 for the operation of the Armed Forces Retirement Home. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 1421). The conference agreement includes this provision. Expansion of eligibility for residence at the Armed Forces Retirement Home (sec. 1412) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1422) that would amend section 1512 of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 412) to include as authorized residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home (AFRH): (1) Persons with a service connected disability incurred in the line of duty in the Armed Forces; and (2) Certain spouses of residents. The provision would also delineate persons ineligible to be residents of the AFRH: (1) Persons discharged or released from military service under other than honorable conditions; and (2) Persons with substance abuse or mental health problems, with a limited exception. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Oversight of health care provided to residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home (sec. 1413) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1423) that would amend section 1513A(c) of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 413a(c)) to revise the duties of the senior medical advisor to the Armed Forces Retirement Home (AFRH) to require the senior medical advisor to facilitate and monitor the timely availability to residents of the AFRH such medical, mental health, and dental care services as such residents may require at locations other than the AFRH and to monitor compliance by the facilities of the AFRH with applicable accreditation and health care standards and requirements. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Modification of authority on acceptance of gifts for the Armed Forces Retirement Home (sec. 1414) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1424) that would amend paragraph (1) of section 1515(f) of the Armed Forces Retirement Home Act of 1991 (24 U.S.C. 415(f)) to authorize the Chief Operating Officer of the Armed Forces Retirement Home (AFRH) to accept, receive, solicit, hold, administer, and use any gift, devise, or bequest, either absolutely or in trust, of real or personal property, or any income therefrom or other interest therein, for the benefit of the AFRH. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Relief for residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home impacted by increase in fees (sec. 1415) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1425) that would prohibit the removal or release of a resident of the Armed Forces Retirement Home (AFRH) as of September 30, 2018, after that date based solely on the inability of the resident to pay the amount of any increase in fees applicable to residents that take effect on October 1, 2018. The provision would require the Chief Operating Officer of the AFRH to accommodate residents impacted by the fee structure that takes effect on October 1, 2018, through hardship relief, additional deductions from gross income, and other appropriate actions. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Limitation on applicability of fee increase for residents of the Armed Forces Retirement Home (sec. 1416) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1426) that would limit the amount of the fee increase for a resident of the Armed Forces Retirement Home as of April 9, 2018, of those fees scheduled to increase on October 1, 2018, to 50 percent of the fees payable by such resident. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require incremental fee increases over a 3year period such that the total fee for residents of the Home at the end of that period would cover the cost of care of such residents. The amendment would prohibit any future increases in fees after October 1, 2018, until 90 days after the date on which a report on the increase is submitted to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives. Subtitle C—Other Matters Authority for transfer of funds to joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs medical facility demonstration fund for Captain James A. Lovell Health Care Center, Illinois (sec. 1421) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1411) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to transfer $113.0 million from the Defense Health Program to the joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund, created by section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010 (Public Law 111–84) for the operations of the Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 1431). The conference agreement includes this provision. Economical and efficient operation of working capital fund activities (sec. 1422) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1432) that would direct the Department of Defense to implement workload plans that optimize the efficiency of the workforce operating within a working capital fund activity and reduce the rate structure. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would add a requirement to optimize the rate structure. Consolidation of reporting requirements under 
the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act (sec. 1423) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1411) that would amend section 11 of the Strategic and Critical Materials Stock Piling Act (50 U.S.C. 98h–2) to consolidate reporting requirements. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. 
Quarterly briefing on progress of chemical demilitarization program (sec. 1424) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1413) that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide quarterly briefings to the congressional defense committees on the progress of the chemical demilitarization program. Additionally, this section would eliminate certain semiannual written reports. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  National Defense Sealift Fund The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1406) that would authorize appropriations for the National Defense Sealift Fund. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Findings The House bill contained a provision (sec. 5001) that would express the findings of Congress regarding strategic and critical minerals production. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Definitions The House bill contained a provision (sec. 5002) that would define certain terms pertaining to strategic and critical minerals production. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Improving development of strategic and critical materials The House bill contained a provision (sec. 5003) that would require that a domestic mine that provides strategic and critical minerals be considered an infrastructure project, as described in Executive Order No. 13807. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Responsibilities of the lead agency The House bill contained a provision (sec. 5004) that would establish the responsibilities of the lead government entity during the permitting process. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Federal Register process for mineral exploration and mining projects The House bill contained a provision (sec. 5005) that would require the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture, as applicable, to ensure that the Federal Register notice associated with the issuance of a mineral exploration or mine permit includes the required information. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Secretarial Order not affected The House bill contained a provision (sec. 5006) that would exclude any mineral describe in Secretarial Order 3324 from this division. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. TITLE XV—A UTHORIZATION OF ADDITIONAL  APPROPRIATIONS FOR OVERSEAS CONTIN GENCY OPERATIONS  Subtitle A—Authorization of Additional Appropriations Purpose (sec. 1501) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1501) that would establish the purpose of this title and make authorization of appropriations available upon enactment of this Act for the Department of Defense, in addition to amounts otherwise authorized in this Act, to provide for additional authorization of funds due to overseas contingency operations and other additional funding requirements. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1501). The Senate recedes. Procurement (sec. 1502) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1502) that would authorize additional appropriations for procurement at the levels identified in section 4102 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1503). The House recedes. Research, development, test, and evaluation (sec. 1503) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1503) that would authorize additional appropriations for research, development, test, and evaluation at the levels identified in section 4202 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1504). The House recedes. Operation and maintenance (sec. 1504) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1504) that would authorize additional appropriations for operation and maintenance programs at the levels identified in section 4302 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1505). The House recedes. Military personnel (sec. 1505) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1505) that would authorize additional appropriations for military personnel at the levels identified in section 4402 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1506). The House recedes. Working capital funds (sec. 1506) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1506) that would authorize additional appropriations for Defense Working Capital Funds at the levels identified in section 4502 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1507). The House recedes. Drug interdiction and counterdrug activities, defensewide (sec. 1507) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1507) that would authorize additional appropriations for Drug Interdiction and Counter Drug Activities, DefenseWide, at the levels identified in section 4502 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1508). The House recedes. Defense inspector general (sec. 1508) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1508) that would authorize additional appropriations for the Office of the Inspector General at the levels identified in section 4502 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1509). The House recedes. Defense health program (sec. 1509) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1509) that would authorize additional appropriations for the Defense Health Program at the levels identified in section 4502 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1510). The House recedes. Subtitle B—Financial Matters Treatment as additional authorizations (sec. 1511) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1511) that would state that amounts authorized to be appropriated by this title are in addition to amounts otherwise authorized to be appropriated by this Act. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 1521). The conference agreement includes this provision. Special transfer authority (sec. 1512) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1512) that would authorize the transfer of up to $4.5 billion of additional warrelated funding authorizations in this title among the accounts in this title. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1522) that would allow the Secretary of Defense to transfer up to $3.5 billion. The House recedes. Overseas contingency operations (sec. 1513) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1502) that would designate authorization of appropriations in this section as Overseas Contingency Operations. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Subtitle C—Other Matters Joint ImprovisedThreat Defeat Organization (sec. 1521) The Senate bill contained a provision (sec. 1531) that would reauthorize the Joint ImprovisedThreat Defeat Organization (JIDO) to reflect the expiration of the Joint ImprovisedThreat Defeat Fund. The House bill contained a similar provision (sec. 1522). The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a transition plan for JIDO with respect to transition from overseas contingency operations funding to base funding. This plan is to be submitted to the congressional defense committees no later than March 1, 2019. Enduring costs funded through overseas contingency operations (sec. 1522) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1524) that would direct the Secretary of Defense to submit with the annual President’s budget request an estimate for the costs of operations currently supported in part or in whole by overseas contingency operations (OCO) funds that are likely to continue beyond such contingency. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1003) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) to submit a report that outlines the changes to the Office of Management and Budget OCO criteria and lists the exact figure amounts by project or activity that are shifted from OCO to base funding for the fiscal year 2020 budget request. The Senate recedes with an amendment to combine both provisions. The provision requires the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) to submit a report to the congressional defense committees, two weeks after the submission of the President’s budget request, an estimate of any enduring costs which are funded through OCO funds, and a detailed description of any costs that have been transferred from OCO to base funds. Comptroller General report on use of funds provided by overseas contingency operations 
(sec. 1523) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1525) that would direct the Comptroller General of the United States to submit to the 
congressional defense committees a report on how funds authorized to be appropriated for fiscal year 2018 for overseas contingency operations were obligated. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  Separate account lines for overseas contingency operations funds The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1523) that would direct the Secretary of Defense and the Director of Management and Budget to establish separate accounts for overseas contingency operations funds. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that section 1524 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) required the Department of Defense to provide updated guidelines regarding the budget items that may be covered by overseas contingency operations funds. The conferees await the results of this report due in August 2018. Furthermore, the conferees anticipate that the results of the first full financial audit will contain a recommendation for the Department of Defense to identify receipt of base appropriations separately from overseas contingency operations appropriations. The conferees recommend the Department of Defense begin work to implement these controls. TITLE XVI—S TRATEGIC PROGRAMS , CYBER , 
ANDINTELLIGENCE MATTERS  Subtitle A—Space Activities Improvements to acquisition system, personnel, and organization of space forces (sec. 1601) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1601) that would direct the Deputy Secretary of Defense to develop a plan to establish an alternative acquisition system for defense space acquisitions, including with respect to space vehicles, ground segments, and terminals. The provision would also require the Secretary of the Air Force to develop and implement a plan to increase the number and improve the quality of the civilian and military space cadre within the Air Force and establish a new numbered Air Force responsible for space warfighting operations. Finally, the provision would establish a subordinate unified command for space under U.S. Strategic Command that would be responsible for joint space warfighting operations. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with amendments that would remove the requirement for a numbered Air Force and remove the requirement to implement the plan for cadre development. Modifications to Space Rapid Capabilities Office (sec. 1602) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1601) that would clarify and update the structure of the Space Rapid Capabilities Office. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with technical and clarifying amendments. Rapid, responsive, and reliable space launch (sec. 1603) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1602) that would amend section 2273(b) of title 10, United States Code, to include consideration of rapid, responsive, and reliable space launches for national security space programs and rename the Evolved Expendable Launch Vehicle program the National Security Space Launch program. It would also require the Secretary of Defense to consider both reusable and expendable launch vehicles for any solicitations on or after March 1, 2019, and require the Secretary to notify the appropriate congressional committees 60 days before issuing any solicitation for which reusable launch vehicles are not deemed eligible. Finally, the provision would require the Secretary to conduct a risk and cost impact analysis for launch vehicles for national security payloads, and submit such analysis to the appropriate congressional committees no later than 180 days from the date of enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1605) that would require the Secretary of Defense to pursue a strategy that includes fully or partially reusable launch systems as part of ensuring assured access for national security payloads to space. It would make the same change in name as the House provision and require the Secretary to submit a report to Congress no less than 60 days before any solicitation for procurement of launch services is issued. The Senate recedes with several technical amendments and an amendment that would require the Secretary to notify the appropriate congressional committees not later than 10 days after issuing a solicitation for a contract for space launch services for which reusable launch vehicles are not eligible, rather than 60 days before. The conferees encourage the Secretary to continue to develop a process to evaluate and certify launch vehicles using previously flown components or systems for national security space launch. Provision of space situational awareness services and information (sec. 1604) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1603) that would terminate on January 1, 2024, the authority of the Department of Defense (DOD) to provide space situational awareness data to commercial and foreign entities. The provision would further require the Secretary of Defense to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) to assess which department or departments should assume these authorities. This provision would also direct the Secretary of Defense to develop and submit to Congress a plan to ensure that one or more departments may provide space situational awareness services to nonU.S. Government entities. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with amendments that would strike the requirement for a contract with an FFRDC and instead require the President to submit to the appropriate congressional committees no later than 180 days from the date of enactment of this Act a plan for a department or agency other than the DOD to provide space situational awareness services and information to commercial and foreign entities. Budget assessments for national security space programs (sec. 1605) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1604) that would extend the requirement for an annual report on the budget for national security space programs to fiscal year 2021 and allow the Secretary of Defense to submit the report up to 30 days after the date on which the President submits the budget request to Congress. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Improvements to commercial space launch operations (sec. 1606) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1604) that would prohibit the imposition by the Secretary of Defense of requirements duplicative of those imposed by the Secretary of Transportation under chapter 509 of title 10, United States Code. The provision would allow the Secretary of Defense to waive this prohibition if he determines that imposing a requirement is necessary to avoid negative consequences for the national security space program. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment and an amendment that would grant the above waiver authority to the Secretary of the Air Force, with a requirement to notify the Secretary of Transportation first. Space warfighting policy, review of space capabilities, and plan on space warfighting readiness (sec. 1607) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1612) that would require the Secretary of Defense to develop and commence implementation of a plan that identifies joint mission essential tasks for space as a warfighting domain. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1602) that would require the Secretary of Defense to develop a space warfighting policy not later than March 29, 2019. The provision would also direct the Secretary of Defense to conduct a review relating to the national security space enterprise, including resiliency, attribution challenges, deterrence, acquisition cycles, organizational structures, and emerging threats. The House recedes with amendments that would incorporate the plan required by the House provision into the Senate provision, both due not later than March 29, 2019, and modify several of the specific requirements of the review required by the Senate provision. The conferees also encourage coordination with the Director of National Intelligence as the review is conducted and this policy is developed. The conferees note that national security satellites face growing threats from potential adversary attacks, such as antisatellite weapons or jamming, and from environmental hazards, such as orbital debris. A single launch failure, onorbit problem, or attack on a single satellite could result, in some cases, in the loss of billions of dollars of investment and a significant loss of capability. Protecting space assets has therefore become a priority for the Department, and funding for space protection has increased in recent years. Accordingly, the conferees direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a review of space protection programs of the Department of Defense, including a review of the status of the primary space protection acquisition efforts underway or planned by the Department. The conferees are also interested in the extent to which these efforts and plans are coordinated across the Department and among other government, commercial, and international entities. The conferees direct the Comptroller General to provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees no later than March 15, 2019, with a report to follow by a date agreed at the time of the briefing. Use of small and mediumsize buses for strategic and tactical satellite payloads (sec. 1608) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1606) that would require the Secretary of Defense to provide a briefing on the risks, benefits, and cost savings associated with using small and mediumsize buses for strategic and tactical satellite payloads for protected satellite communications programs and nextgeneration overhead persistent infrared systems. The provision would also require 
the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation (CAPE) to certify that future analyses of alternatives include materiel solutions for using small and medium size buses. Finally, this provision would require the Secretary of Defense, Secretary of the Air Force, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff to provide a briefing to the Committees on Armed Services of the Senate and the House of Representatives, not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, on alternative spacebased architectures using small, medium, and large size buses. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with amendments that would specify that the CAPE assessments should be submitted at completion of each relevant analysis of alternatives, and that the briefing provided by the Secretary of Defense should also take into account requirements for radiation hardening of critical components. Enhancement of positioning, navigation, and timing capacity (sec. 1609) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1605) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to ensure that military Global Positioning System user equipment terminals have the capability to receive trusted signals from the Galileo and QZSS satellite constellations, starting with increment 2. This provision would also require the terminals to have the capability to receive nonallied positioning, navigation, and timing signals if the Secretary of Defense determines that the benefits outweigh the risks or the risks can be appropriately mitigated. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would allow the Secretary of Defense to waive the requirement for increment 2 terminals to receive signals from Galileo and QZSS satellites if he determines it necessary for national security. The Secretary would not be able to delegate such waiver authority below the level of the Deputy Secretary of Defense and would be required to submit a report with the waiver providing rationale for why the capability was not incorporated into increment 2, and providing a plan and timeline for incorporation of the capability in future increments. Designation of component of Department of Defense responsible for coordination of modernization efforts relating to militarycode capable GPS receiver cards (sec. 1610) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1607) that would require the Secretary of Defense to designate a component of the Office of the Secretary of Defense to be responsible for coordinating common solutions for the militarycode modernization efforts among the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other appropriate elements of the Department of Defense not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. The provision would also require the Secretary to submit a report no later than March 15, 2019, and annually through 2021, on these efforts. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees appreciate the efforts of the Council on Oversight of the Department of Defense Position, Navigation, and Timing Enterprise to support militarycode modernization efforts thus far and encourage the Secretary to draw on the expertise of the Council. Designation of component of Department of Defense responsible for coordination of hosted payload information (sec. 1611) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1608) that would make a series of findings and require the Secretary of Defense to designate a component of the Department of Defense to be responsible for coordinating information, processes, and lessons learned relating to use of commercially hosted payloads across the military departments, Defense Agencies, and other appropriate elements of the Department of Defense not later than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would strike the findings. Limitation on availability of funds for Joint Space Operations Center mission system (sec. 1612) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1609) that would prohibit the obligation or expenditure of any funds for fiscal year 2019 for the Joint Space Operations Center Mission System (JMS) and limit obligation or expenditure of 25 percent of funds for fiscal year 2019 for the Enterprise Space Battle Management Command and Control program until the Deputy Secretary of Defense provides to the congressional defense committees a certification that the Secretary of the Air Force has entered into a contract to operationalize commercial space situational awareness processing software to address warfighter requirements and fill gaps in current space situational awareness capabilities. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would modify the limitation on funds for JMS to 50 percent and require the Secretary of the Air Force to submit the certification, rather than the Deputy Secretary of Defense. Evaluation and enhanced security of supply chain for protected satellite communications programs and overhead persistent infrared systems (sec. 1613) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1610) that would require the Secretary of Defense to develop a plan for and conduct evaluations of supply chain vulnerabilities for protected satellite communications and nextgeneration overhead persistent infrared (OPIR) systems, and develop risk mitigation strategies for the identified vulnerabilities. The provision would also require the Secretary to establish requirements to carry out the supply chain vulnerability evaluation and submit such requirements to the congressional defense committees not later than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment. The conferees note that the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) contained a similar provision, section 1659, that required the Secretary of Defense to evaluate supply chain vulnerabilities for programs related to nuclear weapons, nuclear command, control, and communications, continuity of government, and ballistic missile defense. The conferees encourage the Secretary to leverage work done in support of that requirement where appropriate, and do not intend for this provision to supersede section 1659. The conferees note that the Air Force is currently planning to use an accelerated acquisition process to rapidly develop a block of next generation OPIR satellites, with fielding to begin in fiscal year 2025, and a followon block in fiscal year 2030. While this program is mainly intended to focus on core survivable strategic missile warning requirements, it is unclear whether and how it will satisfy other requirements, including those addressed by the legacy Space Based Infrared System (SBIRS). It is also unclear how technology development over the past decade will help inform the next generation program. Accordingly, the conferees direct the Comptroller General of the United States to review the early planning for the next generation OPIR system and associated ground capabilities. The review should assess: 1) What challenges and risks, if any, does the next generation OPIR acquisition effort face, and what, if anything, is being planned to address these challenges and risks? 2) To what extent will the next generation OPIR system continue to fulfill existing key SBIRS capabilities? 3) To what extent is the Air Force coordinating with other agencies inside and outside the Department of Defense, such as the Missile Defense Agency, to help ensure sustainment of current capabilities and limit the potential for duplicative acquisition efforts? 4) To what extent is the Air Force leveraging commercial space industry advances and technology development initiatives to develop a lower cost system sooner? The Comptroller General shall provide an initial briefing to the congressional defense committees no later than March 15, 2019, with a report to follow at a date to be agreed upon at the time of the briefing. Report on protected satellite communications (sec. 1614) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1611) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees no later than December 31, 2018, on how specific protected satellite communications programs meet the requirements for resilience, mission assurance, and the nuclear command, control, and communication mission of the Department of Defense. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Report on enhancements to the Global Positioning System Operational Control Segment (sec. 1615) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1603) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to submit a report to the congressional defense committees no later than 1 year after date of the enactment of this Act on potential further enhancements to the Operational Control Segment for the Global Positioning System to achieve capabilities similar to the Next Generation Operational Control Segment, including cybersecurity enhancements and other incremental capabilities. The report would also include the cost and schedule for such additional capabilities and enhancements. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with clarifying amendments. Report on persistent weather imagery for United States Central Command (sec. 1616) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1614) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force to develop a plan to provide persistent weather imagery of the U.S. Central Command area of operations to the Command after 2025. The Secretary would be required to submit such plan to the congressional defense committees by March 1, 2019. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would instead require the Secretary to submit a report with options to provide such imagery. 
Study on spacebased radio frequency mapping (sec. 1617) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1613) that would require the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence to jointly conduct a study on the capabilities of the private sector with respect to radio frequency mapping and associated services for spacebased electromagnetic collections. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with clarifying amendments. Independent study on space launch locations (sec. 1618) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1615) that would require the Secretary of Defense to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) to conduct a study on space launch locations, including with respect to the development and capacity of existing and new locations, and the vulnerabilities of the use of existing and new locations. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with several amendments that would clarify the areas of focus of the study and remove the prohibition on entering into a contract with an FFRDC for which the Air Force Space Command or the Launch Center of the National Aeronautical and Space Administration is a sponsor. The conferees continue to recognize the unique importance of U.S. Federal Aviation Administrationlicensed spaceports and, when appropriate, encourage the use of such spaceports and complexes for certain orbits in support of national security space priorities. The conferees note that a variety of spaceports are already operational or in development, including in Georgia, New Mexico, Alaska, Oklahoma, Virginia, Texas, and Arizona; the conferees support this diversification of launch options available to the Department of Defense. Briefing on commercial satellite servicing capabilities (sec. 1619) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1617) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Director of National Intelligence, to jointly provide to the congressional defense committees and to other appropriate committees upon request a briefing detailing the costs, risks, and operational benefits of leveraging commercial satellite servicing capabilities for national security satellite systems. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. SUBTITLE B—D EFENSE INTELLIGENCE AND  INTELLIGENCE RELATED ACTIVITIES  Role of Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence (sec. 1621) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1621) that would amend section 137 of title 10, United States Code, to clarify the responsibilities of the Under Secretary of Defense for Intelligence. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a clarifying amendment. Security vetting for foreign nationals (sec. 1622) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1622) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to apply additional security reviews to dual citizens seeking positions that require access to highly classified information. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would broaden the provision to vetting, instead of solely clearances, and would involve the Security Executive Agent. Department of Defense Counterintelligence polygraph program (sec. 1623) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1623) that would amend section 1564a of title 10, United States Code, by authorizing the Secretary of Defense to add dual citizens to the Department of Defense counterintelligence polygraph program, for the purposes of assessing risk. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that specifies that this addition will only apply in the case of an authorized investigation. Defense intelligence business management systems (sec. 1624) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1624) that would direct the Chief Management Officer of the Department of Defense to develop and implement standardized business process rules for the planning, programming, budgeting, and execution process for the Military Intelligence Program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that insufficient insight into the Military Intelligence Program budget inhibits the congressional oversight of the Military Intelligence Program. Modification to annual briefing on the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance requirements of the combatant commands (sec. 1625) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1625) that would require the Department of Defense to incorporate into the existing report required by section 1626 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291) data related to the number of requests for intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capability and capacity submitted to the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff (CJCS) by the combatant commanders, the number of requests formally validated by the CJCS, the quantity of validated requests tasked to the Services to fulfill, and the amount of validated requests actually fulfilled by the Services. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Framework on governance, mission management, resourcing, and effective oversight of combat support agencies that are also elements of the intelligence community (sec. 1626) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1611) that would require the Secretary of Defense to develop and codify in policy a framework and supporting processes within the Department of Defense to ensure that the missions, roles, and functions of the combat support agencies of the Department of Defense that are also elements of the intelligence community, and other intelligence components of the Department, are appropriately balanced and resourced. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a clarifying amendment. SUBTITLE C—C YBERSPACE RELATED MATTERS  Reorganization and consolidation of certain cyber provisions (sec. 1631) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1624) that would amend part I of subtitle A of title 10, United States Code, by transferring sections 130g, 130j, and 130k, currently of chapter 3, to chapter 19, reorganizing this law under ‘‘Cyber Matters’’ rather than ‘‘General Powers and Functions.’’ The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Affirming the authority of the Secretary of Defense to conduct military activities and operations in cyberspace (sec. 1632) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1622) that would affirm the authority of the Secretary of Defense to conduct military activities and operations in cyberspace, including clandestine military activities and operations, to defend the United States, its allies, and its interests, in anticipation of and in response to malicious cyber activities carried out against the United States or a United States person by a foreign power and would clarify that clandestine military activities or operations in cyberspace are traditional military activities for the purposes of section 503(e)(2) of the National Security Act of 1947 (Public Law 80– 253). The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify that the affirmation does not itself authorize any specific military activities or operations and should not be treated as an authorization for use of military force. The conferees note that the Department of Defense faces difficulties within the interagency in obtaining mission approval. One of the challenges routinely confronted by the Department is the perceived ambiguity as to whether clandestine military activities and operations, even those short of cyber attacks, qualify as traditional military activities as distinct from covert actions requiring a Presidential Finding. As a result, with respect to actions that produce effects on information systems outside of areas of active hostilities, the Department of Defense has been limited to proposing actions that could be conducted overtly on attributable infrastructure without deniability—an operational space that is far too narrow to defend national interests. The conferees see no logical, legal, or practical reason for allowing extensive clandestine traditional military activities in all other operational domains (air, sea, ground, and space) but not in cyberspace. It is unfortunate that the executive branch has squandered years in interagency deliberations that failed to recognize this basic fact and that this legislative action has proven necessary. The conferees, in this affirmation, specify that military activities and operations, or associated preparatory actions, conducted in cyberspace, marked by, held in, or conducted with secrecy, and carried out, (1) as part of a military operation plan approved by the President or the Secretary in anticipation of hostilities or as directed by the President or the Secretary, (2) to deter, safeguard, or defend against attacks or malicious cyber activities against the United States or Department of Defense information, networks, systems, installations, facilities, or other assets, or (3) in support of information related capabilities, indeed qualify as traditional military activities. Such activities include those conducted for the purpose of preparation of the environment, force protection, deterrence of hostilities, advancing counterterrorism operations, and in support of information operations or informationrelated capabilities. Informationrelated capabilities may include, when appropriate and approved, military deception and psychological operations. The conferees do not intend or expect that this provision will result in the Department’s unnecessarily or routinely conducting clandestine cyber attacks, especially those outside of areas in which hostilities 
are occurring, but nonetheless recognize that it is important that the Department have the ability to respond to and prepare for hostilities in cyberspace. The conferees urge the Department to pursue more active engagement with and deterrence of adversaries in cyberspace. The conferees also urge the administration to reconfigure its interagency processes as necessary to ensure that the Department’s operations are approved in an appropriately efficient and effective manner. The conferees intend to conduct rigorous oversight of Department of Defense clandestine operations in cyberspace and expect the Department to keep the congressional defense committees apprised of activities and operations and informed regarding operational authorities and associated execute orders. Finally, the conferees recognize that information operations are particularly contested and controversial. While the conferees agree that the Department should conduct aggressive information operations to deter adversaries, as is recommended by the Defense Science Board’s Task Force on Cyber Deterrence in its February 2017 report, the conferees do not intend this affirmation as an authorization of clandestine activities against the American people or of activities that could result in any significant exposure of the American people and media to U.S. governmentcreated information. Department of Defense Cyber Scholarship Program scholarships and grants (sec. 1633) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1640) that would amend section 2200c of title 10, United States Code, to require consideration, in the scholarship granting process authorized in section 2200a of the same title, of whether the candidates in question are pursuing education at historically Black colleges and universities or other minority serving institutions. The Senate amendment contained an identical (sec. 6101) provision. The conference agreement includes this provision. Amendments to pilot program regarding cyber vulnerabilities of Department of Defense critical infrastructure (sec. 1634) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1631) that would modify section 1650 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) to incorporate the Defense Digital Service into pilot program authorities for identifying innovative methodologies and engineering approaches to evaluate vulnerabilities of Department of Defense critical infrastructure. The provision would also extend deadlines associated with the program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Modification of acquisition authority of the Commander of the United States Cyber Command (sec. 1635) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1627) that would amend section 807 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) by extending the acquisition authority established in that section for the Commander, U.S. Cyber Command, through fiscal year 2025 and raising the limit on obligation and expenditure pursuant to that authority to $250.0 million. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would eliminate the increase of the limit on obligation and expenditure. The conferees direct the Commander, U.S. Cyber Command, to provide, not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act, to the congressional defense committees a report detailing the use of this authority to date. The report shall include an assessment of any impacts of the expenditure limit set on the exercise of this authority on planned Cyber Command acquisition activities, as well as a juxtaposition of the types of cyber peculiar products, services, and technologies procured using this authority and those cyber capabilities procured by the Services using their acquisition authorities. The report shall also include the definition of cyberpeculiar capabilities and cyberpeculiar services, a description of memoranda of agreements with the Services for acquisition of cyber capabilities, and details regarding the acquisition expertise at U.S. Cyber Command, including the number of senior acquisition executives and contracting officials authorized to be hired at the headquarters. Policy of the United States on cyberspace, cybersecurity, cyber warfare, and cyber deterrence (sec. 1636) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1621) that would establish the policy of the United States with respect to cyberspace, cybersecurity, and cyber warfare. The Senate amendment contained another provision (sec. 6601) that would amend section 1621 to narrow the policy’s prescriptions to only apply to cyber attacks and malicious cyber activities by a foreign power. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would integrate both provisions and would make minor changes to the statement of policy, striking the priorities of the United States in carrying out the policy and the policy on sovereignty in cyberspace. The amendment would also require an update on the Presidential Policy submitted to the Congress pursuant to section 1633 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). The conferees note that the policy submitted to the Congress was incomplete. The 6–page memorandum, written in response to the reporting requirement of the National Defense Authorization Act, introduced a 63 page report written in response to Executive Order 13800. The conferees were disappointed with the former’s brevity and the latter’s significant number of items to be resolved. The report in sum evinced little consideration of the difficult choices intrinsic to the policymaking process, instead recommending further working groups, task forces, and deliberation for the creation and implementation of a national strategy in cyberspace. The conferees therefore seek an update on the progress of the core initiatives recommended by report: the establishment of a policy for cost imposition, a menu for consequences, policyplanning guidance, and the Cyber Deterrence Initiative. In reporting the status of these initiatives, the conferees urge the President to include, to the extent possible and protected by classification, as necessary: (1) the administration’s plans, including specific planned actions, regulations, and legislative action required for their development; (2) steps taken to date to prepare for the imposition of consequences against the Russian Federation, People’s Republic of China, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, and the Islamic Republic of Iran in cyberspace (e.g., zeroday discovery, tooldevelopment, and preposition of malware) and through other instruments of national power; and (3) criteria for use of particular consequences, including criteria as to when responsive cyber attacks are likely to be particularly escalatory, as to when, and specifically against which adversaries, responsive cyber attacks are likely to be particularly effective as means of deterrence, and as to when the risk and consequences of escalation due to responsive action outweigh the risk and cost of nonaction or action by financial, law enforcement, and diplomatic means alone. The conferees also urge the President to include the administration’s considerations and determinations surrounding: (1) whether all cyber attacks of significant consequence below the threshold of war demand response; (2) whether significant attacks on private sector companies outside of critical infrastructure demand response, including examples of attacks on companies that might beget response; (3) whether, in certain circumstances, the United States should privilege immediacy in response to achieving full technical attribution; (4) under what circumstances the United States should attempt to blunt, render useless, or defeat detected attacks through offensive cyber action in realtime, including examples of such circumstances; (5) how the United States can balance the establishment of stable norms in cyberspace and responsive offensive action, including through diplomatic means; (6) how the United States balances the sovereignty and equities of thirdparty countries whose infrastructure hosts or accommodates transit of adversary malware, including examples of feasible and infeasible actions; and (7) how the United States balances privacy, freedom of action, and values implicit to a market economy in imposing cybersecurity and disclosure requirements on the private sector, including an assessment of the adequacy of current law and regulations. Budget display for cyber vulnerability evaluations and mitigation activities for major weapon systems of the Department of Defense (sec. 1637) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1632) that would require that the justification materials submitted to the Congress by the Secretary of Defense in support of the President’s annual budget request for the Department of Defense include a consolidated display for cyber vulnerability evaluations and mitigation activities for each major weapon system beginning in fiscal year 2021. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would clarify the classification procedures governing this requirement. The conferees are concerned that the Department has yet to integrate cyber vulnerability evaluations and mitigation activities into the acquisition and budgeting timelines of its major programs. The conferees hope that this provision will encourage the notion that cyber vulnerability evaluations and mitigation activities are standard operation and maintenance. The conferees do not, however, intend this provision to in any way reveal the nature, content, or severity of discovered vulnerabilities and thus encourage the Department to protect through classification any material that could serve to aid adversaries’ discovery of cyber vulnerabilities. Determination of responsibility for the Department of Defense Information Networks (sec. 1638) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1633) that would mandate that the Secretary of Defense transfer all roles, missions, and responsibilities of the Commander, Joint Force HeadquartersDepartment of Defense Information Networks (JHFQ–DODIN) from the Defense Information Support Agency (DISA) to the Commander, United States Cyber Command, by September 30, 2019, subject to a certification that such transfer would not result in mission degradation. 
The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would eliminate the mandate and would instead require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a report assessing the current JFHQ– DODIN command and control structure, the adequacy of DISA’s institutional support to the JFHQ–DODIN mission, and JFHQ– DODIN’s resource requirements and mission effectiveness. The report would also specify a determination and justification regarding the transfer of all or some of the roles, missions, and responsibilities of JFHQ–DODIN to the Commander, United States Cyber Command, along with a timeline and strategy for mitigating the risk of any such transfer. Procedures and reporting requirement on cybersecurity breaches and loss of personally identifiable information and controlled unclassified information (sec. 1639) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1636) that would require the Secretary of Defense to promptly notify, and establish procedures for notification of, the congressional defense committees in the event of a significant loss of personally identifiable information of at least 250 civilian or uniformed members of the Armed Forces. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would insert an additional notification requirement for the theft, loss, or disclosure of controlled information of significant volume or national security concern. The conferees are concerned by the recent theft of controlled information from a contractor for the Navy. Similarly troubling, the congressional defense committees were only alerted to this significant breach months after the initial loss. While the conferees understand that extenuating circumstances dictated that senior members of Navy leadership were similarly late to notification of the theft and that the investigation is ongoing, this communication delay, both within the Department of Defense and across the branches of government, is unacceptable for a loss of this magnitude. The conferees thus expect the congressional defense committees to be notified, through the procedures established under this provision, of future losses of controlled information and will continue to exercise their oversight and legislative responsibilities to correct the failures evinced in this incident. Program to establish cyber institutes at institutions of higher learning (sec. 1640) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1637) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to establish a Cyber Institute at each of the senior military colleges. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1635) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to establish a Cyber Institute at any college or university that hosts a Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program, with special consideration for the Senior Military Colleges. The House recedes. Matters pertaining to the SharkSeer cybersecurity program (sec. 1641) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1640A) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a report that assesses the transition of the SharkSeer program from the National Security Agency (NSA) to the Defense Information Systems Agency (DISA). The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1629) that would require the Secretary of Defense to transfer the SharkSeer cybersecurity program from the NSA to the DISA. In executing this transfer, the Secretary would be required to also transfer all funding and, as needed, personnel for the program. The provision would also: fence 10 percent of the funding available for obligation in fiscal year 2019 and subsequent years for NSA’s Information Systems Security Program, PE 33140G, until the Principal Cyber Advisor certifies that the operations and maintenance funding for the SharkSeer program for fiscal year 2019 and the subsequent fiscal years of the current future years defense program are available or programmed; require the Secretary of Defense to adopt the SharkSeer ‘‘break and inspect’’ decryption capability as the Department’s enterprise solution for endpoint decryption; and authorize an increase of $20.0 million to the $790.2 million requested for the DISA in Procurement, Defensewide, to increase the bandwidth of the SharkSeer system. The House recedes with an amendment that would: require the transfer of the operations and maintenance for the SharkSeer cybersecurity program from the NSA to the DISA, including any associated funding and, as necessary, personnel; require the Chief Information Officer to submit a report on such transfer, including a plan for continued partnership with the NSA in capability development; and strike the funding authorization. Active defense against the Russian Federation, People’s Republic of China, Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, and Islamic Republic of Iran attacks in cyberspace (sec. 1642) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1623) that would authorize the National Command Authority to direct the Commander, U.S. Cyber Command, to take appropriate and proportional action through cyberspace to disrupt, defeat, and deter systematic and ongoing attacks by the Russian Federation in cyberspace. The provision would direct the Secretary of Defense, using the results of the surveillance conducted through CYBERCOM, also authorized in the provision, to work with social media companies on a voluntary basis to assist those companies in identifying accounts created by personnel and organizations engaged at the behest of or in support of the Russian Federation and that violate the companies’ terms of service. The Senate amendment contained another provision (sec. 6601) that would amend section 1623 to narrow the authorization to only apply to foreign cyberspace. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would synthesize the two provisions, add authorizations for action against the People’s Republic of China, the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea, and the Islamic Republic of Iran, strike the explicit authorization of surveillance, and add a rule of construction governing the authorization. The conferees have been disappointed with the past responses of the executive branch to adversary cyberattacks and urge the President to respond to the continuous aggression that we see, for example, in Russia’s information operations against the United States and European allies in an attempt to undermine democracy. The administration’s passivity in combatting this campaign, as documented repeatedly in hearings before the congressional defense committees in the past 2 years, in the judgment of numerous executive branch officials, will encourage rather than dissuade additional aggression. The Congress has worked diligently to ensure that the Department possesses the necessary capabilities and authorities to combat, in particular, these Russian information operations, and this authorization represents further progress toward that objective. The conferees strongly encourage the President to defend the American people and institutions of government from foreign intervention. The conferees are also cognizant of the significant cyber threats posed by the People’s Republic of China, the Democratic Republic of Korea, and the Islamic Republic of Iran and urge the President to take action to disrupt, defeat, and deter the systematic cyber attacks. Designation of official for matters relating to integrating cybersecurity and industrial control systems within the Department of Defense (sec. 1643) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1625) that would require the Secretary of Defense to designate one official as responsible for the integration of cybersecurity and industrial control systems within the Department of Defense, to include the development of Departmentwide standards for integration of industrial control systems and the potential applicability of frameworks set forth by the National Institute of Standards and Technology and similar organizations. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify that the official would only be responsible for industrial control systems owned by the Department of Defense or operated on behalf of the Department of Defense. Assistance for small manufacturers in the defense industrial supply chain and universities on matters relating to cybersecurity (sec. 1644) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1626) that would require the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Chief Information Officer and Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, to improve awareness of cybersecurity threats among small and mediumsized manufacturers in the defense industrial supply chain, including via: the development of cybersecurity selfassessments to enhance firms’ understanding of network vulnerabilities and the Department’s cybersecurity standards; the transfer of appropriate cybersecurity technology and techniques developed in the Department of Defense to these businesses; and the establishment of a cyber counseling certification program. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Chief Information Officer and Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, to improve awareness of cybersecurity threats among universities, in addition to small and mediumsized manufacturers, in the defense industrial supply chain and to establish a broader cybersecurity activity for the defense industrial base as needed. Email and Internet website security and authentication (sec. 1645) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1628) that would require the Secretary of Defense to implement the requirements of the Binding Operational Directive 18–01, issued by the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security on October 16, 2017, unless the Secretary certifies that existing or planned security measures exceed the requirements of the directive. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would eliminate the specification of actions to be undertaken as part of the implementation of Binding Operational Directive 
18–01 and would add the governmental affairs committees of the Senate and House of Representatives as recipients of the certification. The conferees note that Binding Operational Directive 18–01 required the following actions, all accepted practices across the private and public sectors: (1) The adoption of the START Transport Layer Security protocol for encryption; (2) Enforcement of Sender Policy Framework, Domain Keys Identified Mail, and Domainbased Message Authentication, Reporting & Conformance for email authentication; and (3) Implementation of Hypertext Transfer Protocol Strict Transport Security. Security product integration framework (sec. 1646) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1631) that would require the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security, the Chief Information Officer, and the Commander, U.S. Cyber Command, to select a network or network segment and associated computer network defense service provider to conduct a demonstration and evaluation of one or more existing security product integration frameworks, including through modification of network security systems to enable such systems to ingest, publish, subscribe, tip and cue, and request information or services from each other. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would strike the findings. The conferees note that: (1) The Department of Defense requires a standard, enterprisewide, security product integration framework that provides a machinetomachine data exchange architecture and protocol to achieve interoperability and automated orchestration and coordinated action between and among cybersecurity services, devices, appliances, agents, applications, tools, and command and control centers; (2) Information security products and services need to be engineered to consume and act on information, direction, and cues from other security elements on a network through this framework; (3) A security product integration framework should ideally be nonproprietary or designed as a modular open system; and (4) A security integration framework is essential to achieve the speed, scale, and agility of response required for cyber warfare and to reduce the cost and time needed to integrate new products and services into the existing security environment. Information security continuous monitoring and cybersecurity scorecard (sec. 1647) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1633) that would prohibit the obligation or expenditure of funds for the Cybersecurity Scorecard after October 1, 2019, unless the Department of Defense is implementing by that date a funded program pursuant to section 1653 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) to fulfill the requirements established by the Chief Information Officer and the Commander, U.S. Cyber Command, in the Information Security Continuous Monitoring Strategy, ComplytoConnect Strategy, Enterprise Patch Management Service Strategy and Concept of Operations, and User Activity Monitoring Strategy. The provision would also require the Director of Cost and Program Evaluation to submit to the congressional defense committees a report comparing the Department’s requirements for information security continuous monitoring and the complytoconnect capabilities deployed by the Department of Homeland Security and the General Services Administration. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would add a requirement for a review and validation of the Department of Defense’s current information security continuous monitoring requirements and policies to the report. Tier 1 exercise of support to civil authorities for a cyber incident (sec. 1648) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6602) that would require the Commander, U.S. Cyber Command, the Commander, U.S. Northern Command, and other commanders or components of the Department of Defense as the Secretary of Defense considers appropriate to conduct a tier 1 exercise of support to civil authorities for a cyber incident. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Pilot program on modeling and simulation in support of military homeland defense operations in connection with cyber attacks on critical infrastructure (sec. 1649) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1630) that would require the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security to carry out a pilot program on modeling and simulation in support of military homeland defense operations through U.S. Northern Command and U.S. Cyber Command. The pilot program would be based on the results and lessons learned from ongoing research exercises involving local government, industry, and military responses to combined natural disasters and cyber attacks on critical infrastructure. The provision would authorize $10.0 million for this pilot. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would generalize the program through adjustment to its scope, would eliminate its required execution through the combatant commands, and would eliminate the authorization. Pilot program authority to enhance cybersecurity and resiliency of critical infrastructure (sec. 1650) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1634) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, to provide technical cyber personnel to the Department of Homeland Security (DHS) to enhance cooperation, collaboration, and unity in government efforts in support of the protection of critical infrastructure. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note the Department of Defense’s (DOD) ongoing efforts to coordinate with the DHS and expect to see such collaboration continue in the future. In particular, the conferees fully support cooperative strategy development and policymaking to ensure that the DOD and the DHS maintain complementary roles and responsibilities and pursue mutually beneficial policies in the realm of cybersecurity. Therefore, the conferees urge the DOD to place the personnel as part of this pilot program in: DHS’s Office of Strategy, Policy, and Plans; the office of the Director, Strategy, Policy, and Plans in the National Protection and Programs Directorate (NPPD); and the NPPD’s National Cybersecurity and Communications Integration Center. Pilot program on regional cybersecurity training center for the Army National Guard (sec. 1651) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1635) that would authorize the Secretary of the Army to carry out a pilot program to establish a National Guard cyber security training center for members of the Army National Guard for interagency and crosssociety cyber education. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment that establishes a sunset for the authorization. Cyberspace Solarium Commission (sec. 1652) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1634) that would establish the Cyberspace Solarium Commission, tasked with developing a strategic approach to protecting and advancing the United States’ advantages in cyberspace. The Commission would weigh the benefits and costs of various strategic frameworks (e.g., deterrence, normsbased regimes, and cyber persistence), evaluate the sufficiency of the current allocation of resources in cyberspace, and consider potential realignments in governmental structure and authorities. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would adjust the scope of the Commission, tasking it with developing consensus on a strategic approach to defending the Nation in cyberspace against cyber attacks of significant consequences and making a series of technical changes regarding the structure, authorities, and limitations of the Commission. Study and report on reserve component cyber civil support teams (sec. 1653) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1638) that would require the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a study on the feasibility and advisability of establishing cyber civil support teams comprising Reserve Component members, primarily operating under the command and control of the Governor of each State, to prepare for and respond to cyber incidents, cyber emergencies, and cyber attacks. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require additional considerations in the study. The conferees note that establishment of cyber civil support teams may have significant impacts on, or conflict with, current roles, responsibilities, policies, and resources of agencies and entities in cyberspace and seek greater clarity on these impacts. Identification of countries of concern regarding cybersecurity (sec. 1654) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1638) that would require the Secretary of Defense to create a prioritized list of countries of concern related to cybersecurity based on their governments’ hostility, intelligence activity, criminal activity, and willingness and ability to disrupt the U.S. government’s supply chain. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would adjust the criteria for inclusion on the list. Mitigation of risks to national security posed by providers of information technology products and services who have obligations to foreign governments (sec. 1655) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1637) that would establish definitions for subsequent provisions relating to the establishment of a program to mitigate the risks derivative of foreign governments’ code review of information technology products used by the Department of Defense. The Senate amendment contained another provision (sec. 1639) that would prohibit the 
Department of Defense’s use of any information technology, cybersecurity, industrial control system, weapons system, or computer antivirus system unless the provider discloses to the Secretary of Defense: (1) whether it has allowed a foreign government to review or access a product customdeveloped for the Department of Defense or is under any obligation to provide a foreign person or government with access or review of such a product; (2) whether it has allowed a government listed in the report required by section 1638 of the Senate amendment to review or access the source code of a product, system, or service that the Department is using or intends to use or is under any obligation to do so; and (3) whether it holds or has sought a license pursuant to the Export Administration Regulations under subchapter C of chapter VII of title 15, Code of Federal Regulations, the International Traffic in Arms Regulations under subchapter M of chapter I of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations, or successor regulations, for information technology products, components, software, or services. The Senate amendment contained another provision (sec. 1640) that would require the Secretary of Defense to establish a registry containing the information on foreign governments required by section 1638 of the Senate amendment and on providers of information technology products and services required by section 1639 of the Senate amendment, to be made available to any agency conducting a procurement pursuant to the Federal Acquisition Regulations and Defense Federal Acquisition Regulations. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would: integrate the three provisions (sec. 1637, 1639, and 1640), make a series of technical changes surrounding the use of ‘‘noncommercial’’ vice ‘‘customdeveloped’’; limit the disclosure requirements to code sharing or codesharing agreements that occurred within 5 years prior to enactment; exempt products, services, and systems procured or acquired prior to enactment from the nonuse requirement; exempt open source software; and require the Secretary of Defense to issue regulations governing the implementation of this nonuse. While the conferees believe that this provision is a necessary step toward minimizing the supply chain risk posed by companies like Kaspersky, the conferees urge the Secretary to take actions to minimize the potential injury of the nonuse requirement, to both the Department and industry. The conferees recognize that, absent the required regulations, the nonuse requirement is allencompassing and thus encourage the Secretary to exempt from this requirement any product, system, or service if: (1) Its source code has been exported pursuant to a license or license exception granted under the Export Administration Regulations (15 C.F.R. §§730–774); (2) It is not itself, and is not a component of, a National Security System; (3) It is not a cybersecurity tool, system, or application or does not have a builtin cybersecurity tool, system, or application; or (4) It is subjected only to a de minimis disclosure under restricted access conditions, as defined by the Secretary. The conferees also urge the Secretary to exempt any further products, systems, and services and implement this provision so as to minimize supply chain risk and advance national security. The conferees also note that the information required to be disclosed to the Department in the provision is: (1) generally considered commercial information; (2) obtained from a person; and (3) most likely confidential. Therefore, the conferees expect that exemption 4 of section 552(b) of title 5 will likely apply to information obtained under this provision. Report on Cybersecurity Apprentice Program (sec. 1656) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1640B) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the feasibility of establishing a Cybersecurity Apprentice Program to support onthejob training for certain cybersecurity positions and to facilitate the acquisition of cybersecurity certifications. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note the Department’s experimental use of recruitment, retention, and training techniques particular to cyber personnel, both civilians and servicemembers. The conferees, however, are also interested in the possibility of applying traditional onthejob training, such as those that already exist in the Services’ ‘‘apprentice and journeymen’’ programs, throughout the Department for cyber jobs. The conferees see potential for apprentice programs for enlisted and civilian members of the Armed Forces as a means to improve operational capability. Report on enhancement of software security for critical systems (sec. 1657) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1632) that would require the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Homeland Defense and Global Security and the Chief Information Officer to conduct a technical and costbenefit study of the merits of applying in the vulnerability assessments and remediation of critical systems fuzzing technology, formal programming, and the binary analysis and symbolic execution software security tools developed under the Cyber Grand Challenge program of the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would expand the scope of the study to include other advanced or immature technologies. Subtitle D—Nuclear Forces Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering and the Nuclear Weapons Council (sec. 1661) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1641) that would add the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering as a member of the Nuclear Weapons Council and make a technical correction elsewhere in section 179 of title 10, United States Code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Longrange standoff weapon requirements (sec. 1662) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1642) that would allow the Secretary of the Air Force to retire the conventionallyarmed AGM–86C and require the Secretary to ensure that a conventionallyarmed longrange standoff weapon (LRSO) achieves initial operating capability (IOC) not later than 4 years after the nucleararmed LRSO achieves IOC. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1642) that would allow the Secretary to retire the conventionallyarmed AGM–86C and require the Secretary to begin procurement and fielding of a conventionallyarmed LRSO not more than 5 years after the nuclear LRSO completes initial operational test and evaluation. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would change the deadline from 4 years to 5 years after the nucleararmed LRSO achieves IOC. Acceleration of groundbased strategic deterrent program and longrange standoff weapon program (sec. 1663) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1643) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, in consultation with the Secretary of the Air Force, to develop and implement plans to accelerate the development, procurement, and fielding of the Ground Based Strategic Deterrent (GBSD) program and the LongRange Standoff cruise missile program. For the GBSD, the provision would require the plans, when executed, to recapitalize the full intercontinental ballistic missile system without phasing or splitting the program. For both programs, the provision would require the plans to assess the benefits, risks, feasibility, costs, and cost savings of various options for accelerating the programs. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Procurement authority for certain parts of intercontinental ballistic missile fuzes (sec. 1664) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1644) that would give the Department of Defense the authority to buy certain intercontinental ballistic missile fuze parts. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 1644). The House recedes. Prohibition on reduction of the intercontinental ballistic missiles of the United States (sec. 1665) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1645) that would prohibit the obligation or expenditure of fiscal year 2019 funds to reduce the responsiveness, alert level, or quantity of deployed U.S. intercontinental ballistic missiles to fewer than 400. The provision would provide an exception to this prohibition for activities related to maintenance and sustainment and activities to ensure safety, security, or reliability. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Extension of prohibition on availability of funds for mobile variant of groundbased strategic deterrent missile (sec. 1666) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1646) that would extend through fiscal year 2020 the prohibition on the obligation or expenditure of funds to retain the option for, or to develop, a mobile variant of the GroundBased Strategic Deterrent missile. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Exchange program for nuclear weapons program employees (sec. 1667) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1643) that would require the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council and the Administrator of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) to jointly establish a program to exchange civilian and military personnel on a temporary basis between the offices of the Department of Defense working on nuclear weapons policy, production, and force structure issues and the Office of the Deputy Administrator for Defense Programs at the NNSA. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that the provision requires the Chairman and the Administrator to provide interim guidance to the congressional defense committees on the implementation of this program not later than 90 days from the date of enactment of this Act, and 
to implement such guidance not later than 180 days from the date of enactment. The conferees note that a similar initiative could also benefit nuclear nonproliferation efforts across the NNSA and the Department of Defense. Therefore, the conferees direct the Chairman and the Administrator to provide not later than 90 days from the date of enactment a plan to establish a similar program focused on nonproliferation programs in the future. Plan to train officers in nuclear command, control, and communications (sec. 1668) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1645) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of the Air Force, the Secretary of the Navy, and the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, to develop a plan to train, educate, manage, and track fieldgrade military officers in nuclear command, control, and communications. The provision would require the Secretary to submit the plan to the congressional defense committees no later than 180 days from the date of enactment of this Act. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require to the Secretary to develop the plan in consultation with the Commander, U.S. Strategic Command, in addition to the other officials described above. Independent study on options to increase Presidential decisiontime regarding nuclear weapons employment (sec. 1669) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1647) that would require the Secretary of Defense to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center to conduct a study on the potential benefits and risks of reducing the role of the launch underattack option in U.S. nuclear weapons planning. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with amendments that would strike the findings and modify the requirement to a report on options to increase presidential decisiontime related to employment of each leg of the nuclear triad. Extension of annual report on plan for the nuclear weapons stockpile, nuclear weapons complex, nuclear weapons delivery systems, and nuclear weapons command and control system (sec. 1670) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1648) that would amend section 1043 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012 (Public Law 112–81) to extend the requirement by 3 years, through fiscal year 2022, for the annual report on the nuclear weapons stockpile, nuclear weapons complex, nuclear weapons delivery systems, and nuclear weapons command and control system. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1647) that would extend the same reporting requirement by 5 years, through fiscal year 2024. The House recedes with an amendment that would extend the requirement by 4 years, through fiscal year 2023. Plan for alignment of acquisition of warhead life extension programs and delivery vehicles for such warheads (sec. 1671) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1646) that would require the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council to provide a proposal to better align acquisition of National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) warhead life extension programs with Department of Defense nuclear weapons delivery vehicle programs, and submit that plan to the congressional defense committees no later than February 15, 2019. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees encourage the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council to review work underway by the Government Accountability Office on alignment between the NNSA and the Air Force for the LongRange Standoff Weapon to help inform implementation of this provision. Annual report on development of longrange standoff weapon (sec. 1672) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6605) that would require the Secretary of the Air Force, in coordination with the Administrator for Nuclear Security, to submit on a semiyearly basis through December 2024 to the congressional defense committees a report describing the joint development of the longrange standoff weapon, including the missile developed by the Air Force and the W80–4 warhead life extension program conducted by the National Nuclear Security Administration. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with amendments that would modify the deadlines such that the first report would be due not later than February 1, 2019, and annually thereafter until Milestone B approval is achieved. The amendments would also require the Secretary to coordinate with the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment in addition to the Administrator and to include the most recent estimated program acquisition cost when available. Sense of Congress on nuclear posture of the United States (sec. 1673) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1649) that would express the sense of Congress regarding the nuclear posture of the United States. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1649) that would make a series of findings and express the sense of the Senate on the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review. The Senate recedes with amendments that would include elements of both provisions. Subtitle E—Missile Defense Programs Development of persistent spacebased sensor architecture (sec. 1675) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1661) that would direct the Director of the Missile Defense Agency (MDA), in coordination with the Director of National Intelligence, the Commander of Air Force Space Command, and the Commander of U.S. Strategic Command, to complete a plan and initiate development in fiscal year 2019 for a spacebased missile defense sensor architecture. This provision would limit obligation or expenditure of funds to initiate the space based missile defense layer program until the plan is submitted to Congress. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1660C) that would require the Director of the MDA to commence development of a persistent spacebased sensor architecture capable of supporting the ballistic missile defense system, notwithstanding the outcome of the Missile Defense Review. The provision would also require that the Secretary of Defense submit a report, no later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, to the congressional defense committees on the progress of and coordination between MDA, the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency (DARPA), and Air Force efforts in this area. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require MDA’s efforts to develop a spacebased sensor architecture for missile defense to be compatible with ongoing efforts within DARPA. Additionally, the amendment would reduce the funding limitation to 15 percent and would require such authorization to be subject to the availability of appropriations. Boost phase ballistic missile defense (sec. 1676) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1662) that would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency to begin a program in fiscal year 2019 to develop boost phase intercept capabilities that are either air launched or shipbased, are costeffective, and include a kinetic interceptor. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require such authorization to be subject to the availability of appropriations and remove subsections of the provision that would transfer responsibility from the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering to the Director of the Missile Defense Agency. Extension of requirement for reports on unfunded priorities of Missile Defense Agency (sec. 1677) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1670) that would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency to submit a report to the Secretary of Defense, the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, and the congressional defense committees on the unfunded priorities of the Missile Defense Agency for fiscal years 2020 and 2021, within 10 days of the submission of the budget requests to Congress for those fiscal years. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1653) that would amend section 1696 of the National Defense Authorization Act of Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), removing the sunset requirement for the unfunded priorities list of the Missile Defense Agency. The House recedes. Extension of prohibition relating to missile defense information and systems (sec. 1678) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1651) that would amend section 130h(e) of title 10, United States Code, by striking ‘‘January 1, 2019,’’ and inserting ‘‘January 1, 2021,’’ to extend the limitations on providing certain sensitive missile defense information to the Russian Federation and on integrating missile defense systems of the Russian Federation and the People’s Republic of China into U.S. missile defense systems. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Modification of requirement relating to transition of ballistic missile defense programs to military departments (sec. 1679) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1656) that would amend section 1676(b)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) to clarify the equivalent of Milestone C approval for the Missile Defense Agency. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Modification of requirement to develop a space based ballistic missile intercept layer (sec. 1680) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1660D) that would modify section 1688 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) to require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency to commence development of a spacebased ballistic missile intercept layer notwithstanding the outcome of the Ballistic Missile Defense Review. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require that such development be subject to the availability of appropriations. 
Improvements to acquisition processes of Missile Defense Agency (sec. 1681) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1663) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering (USD (R&E)) to transfer all research and development efforts and programs that have not yet reached milestone B to the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) if they are planned to be incorporated into the ballistic missile defense system or have explicit application for ballistic missile or hypersonic defense. Further, the provision would require the Secretary of Defense to notify the congressional defense committees before any changes were implemented to MDA’s unique acquisition authorities and/or missile defense requirements generation processes managed by U.S. Strategic Command. This provision would also require that MDA make the quarter and fiscal year for execution of planned flight tests unclassified, and would clarify roles of the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment with regards to missile defense decisions on acquisition and production milestone approvals. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would remove the requirement to transfer authority and total obligation authority for research and development programs that have not yet received milestone B approval. The amendment would also change the notification period on changes to nonstandard acquisition processes and responsibilities from 180 days to 90 days. The conferees note multiple efforts across the USD (R&E) portfolio that would likely result in Missile Defense Agency (MDA) programs of record to be integrated within the ballistic missile defense system, including directed energy and hypersonic defense. The conferees direct the Under Secretary to provide a report to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and Senate not later than six months after enactment of this act detailing current efforts that will be transitioned from other USD(R&E) organizations to MDA for development through 2023. The report shall include a summary of the efforts and funding required for such programs during the period covered by the futureyears defense program as of the date of the plan, and how the transition will be accomplished and milestones that must be met prior to transfer. Layered defense of the United States homeland (sec. 1682) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1664) that would express the sense of Congress in support of the Department of Defense’s efforts to provide layered defense of the homeland and would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency, in coordination with the Under Secretary of Defense for Policy, the Commander of U.S. Northern Command, and the Commander of U.S. Pacific Command, to provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees by January 31, 2019, on options to increase layered protection of the U.S. homeland, to include the continental United States, Hawaii, and Alaska, from the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea and the Islamic Republic of Iran. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1658) that would express the sense of the Senate that the United States should pursue regional missile defense assets to counter and deter cruise, shorttomedium range ballistic, and hypersonic missile threats as well as continue to focus resources on developing an interoperable and integrated airandmissile defense architecture. The provision would also require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees, no later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act, a report on the Department of Defense’s plan for the creation of a fully interoperable and integrated air and missile defense architecture, if consistent with the recommendations of the Missile Defense Review that commenced in 2017. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would remove the findings and briefing in the House provision. Testing of redesigned kill vehicle prior to production and groundbased midcourse defense acceleration options (sec. 1683) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1665) that would prohibit, subject to the provided waiver, a lot production decision for the redesigned kill vehicle (RKV) until after a successful flight intercept test. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1657) that would express the sense of the Senate that the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) should accelerate the fielding, if technically feasible, of the planned additional 20 groundbased interceptors with RKVs at Fort Greely, Alaska, and ensure that the RKV has demonstrated the ability to accomplish its intended mission through a successful, operationally realistic flight test. The provision would also require the Director of the MDA to submit a report to the congressional defense committees no later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act on the ways that the MDA could accelerate such construction and deployment at Fort Greely. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require a report to assess the risks and benefits of accelerating deployment of RKVs at Fort Greely, Alaska. Requirements for ballistic missile defense capable ships (sec. 1684) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1666) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to include ballistic missile defense ship requirements in all future force structure assessments. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Multiyear procurement authority for standard missile3 IB guided missiles (sec. 1685) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1667) that would authorize the Department of Defense to enter into a multiyear contract for the procurement of Standard Missile3 Block IB missiles. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1652) that would provide authority for the Secretary of Defense to enter into a multiyear contract for the procurement of up to 204 Standard Missile3 Block IB guided missiles for the fiscal year 2019 through fiscal year 2023 program years, with advance procurement for economic order quantities also beginning in fiscal year 2019, pending the Director of Cost Assessment and Program Evaluation’s confirmation of the Secretary of the Navy’s preliminary findings as required by section 2306b of title 10, United States Code. The House recedes with an amendment that would remove the cost analysis requirement. Limitation on availability of funds for Army lower tier air and missile defense sensor (sec. 1686) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1668) that would limit the obligation or expenditure of funds for the Lower Tier Air and Missile Defense Sensor until the Secretary of the Army provides a report detailing the rationale for any delay, should the acquisition strategy propose an initial operating capability later than 2023. The provision would also require the Secretary of the Army to ensure that the performance specifications for the sensor identify certain requirements. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Missile defense radar in Hawaii (sec. 1687) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1669) that would express the sense of Congress on accelerating the deployment of the homeland defense radar in Hawaii and would require alignment of the InFlight Interceptor Communications System Data Terminal (IDT) with the homeland defense radar in Hawaii by requiring the Director of the Missile Defense Agency to provide a certification that the Department is on schedule to award the contract for the homeland defense radar in Hawaii by December 31, 2018, and that the radar and the IDT will reach initial operating capability not later than fiscal year 2023. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require monthly updates if the Director of the Missile Defense Agency is unable to award the contract for the radar by December 31, 2018. Iron Dome shortrange rocket defense system and Israeli cooperative missile defense program codevelopment and coproduction (sec. 1688) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1672) that would express the sense of Congress in support of the 10year memorandum of understanding, commencing in fiscal year 2019, between the United States and Israel on missile defense cooperation. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1654) that would authorize not more than $70.0 million for the Missile Defense Agency to provide to the Government of Israel to procure components for the Iron Dome shortrange rocket defense system through coproduction of such components in the United States. The provision would also authorize not more than $50.0 million for the Missile Defense Agency to provide to the Government of Israel for the procurement of the David’s Sling Weapon System and not more than $80.0 million for the Arrow 3 Upper Tier Interceptor Program, including for coproduction of parts and components in the United States by U.S. industry. The provision would allow for the disbursement of these monies following the submission of their respective accompanying certifications. The House recedes with an amendment that would express the sense of Congress in support of the 10year memorandum of understanding, commencing in fiscal year 2019, between the United States and Israel on missile defense cooperation. Acceleration of hypersonic missile defense program (sec. 1689) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1659) that would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency to accelerate the hypersonic missile defense program and deploy that program in conjunction with a persistent spacebased missile defense sensor program. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require such acceleration be subject to the availability of appropriations. Report on ballistic missile defense (sec. 1690) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1671) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a report on ballistic missile defense that addresses the implications for planned programs of record, costs and resource prioritization, and strategic stability to the congressional defense committees not 
later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would remove the findings and require the report to address new policies that are recommended by the Ballistic Missile Defense Review (BMDR) within 180 days of the completion of the BMDR. Sense of Congress on allied partnerships for missile defense (sec. 1691) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1660) that would express the sense of the Senate that the United States should seek additional opportunities to provide missile defense capabilities to allies and trusted partners and seek to expedite foreign military sales in delivering such missile defenses to those partners. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment. Sense of Congress on testing by Missile Defense Agency (sec. 1692) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1660A) that would express the sense of the Senate that tests carried out by the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) that do not achieve their main intended objectives should not be considered failures and that the MDA should recognize the learning value of individual advancements made in all testing events. The provision would also express the sense of the Senate that the MDA should continue to build independently accredited modeling and simulation elements and pursue an increasingly rigorous testing regime in coordination with the Office of the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation to more rapidly deliver capabilities to the warfighter. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would change the sense of Senate to the sense of Congress and remove sections (1) and (2). Subtitle F—Other Matters Extension of Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attacks and Similar Events (sec. 1695) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1681) that would extend several deadlines associated with the Commission to Assess the Threat to the United States from Electromagnetic Pulse Attacks and Similar Events. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with amendments that would extend all the deadlines associated with the Commission by 1 year. Procurement of ammonium perchlorate and other chemicals for use in solid rocket motors (sec. 1696) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1682) that would require the Secretary of the Army and the Deputy Assistant Secretary of Defense for Manufacturing and Industrial Base Policy to jointly conduct a business case analysis of a governmentowned, contractoroperated model for specialty chemicals, including ammonium perchlorate, for use in solid rocket motors, and submit this analysis to the congressional defense committees by March 1, 2019. This provision would also require the Secretary of Defense to use full and open competition in awarding a contract for the sale of ammonium perchlorate from retired solid rocket motors, and to notify the congressional defense committees no later than 30 days after the date of any such award that does not use full and open competition. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would remove the requirement for full and open competition for the sale of ammonium perchlorate, and instead require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees an annual report on rockets or missiles provided to the Department that use a solid rocket motor that was, in whole or in part, recovered or recycled from a rocket motor previously owned by the Department. The report would include an identification of which missiles or rockets use recycled ammonium perchlorate, the quantity of that material, and whether any of the solid rocket propellant or precursor is imported from a foreign country. The conferees direct the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition & Sustainment to provide a briefing to the Armed Services Committees of the Senate and House of Representatives on contracts of the Department for disposal of solid rocket motors, including the value of the ammonium perchlorate contained in these motors and whether, and, if so, how, that value affects the value of the contracts. The briefing should accompany the first report that would be required by this provision. Budget exhibit on support provided to entities outside Department of Defense (sec. 1697) The committee recommends a provision that would require the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) to include in the budget justification materials accompanying the President’s budget request each year a budget exhibit containing all relevant details on Department of Defense support to the programs at the Executive Office of the President related to senior leader communications and continuity of government programs. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Conventional prompt global strike hypersonic capabilities (sec. 1698) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1683) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit to the congressional defense committees a validated requirement for ground, sea, or airlaunched (or a combination thereof) conventional prompt global strike (CPGS) capabilities by November 20, 2018. The provision would further require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment to submit a report to the congressional defense committees by January 31, 2019, on the plan to deliver a CPGS capability in accordance with section 1693 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with amendments that would change the deadline for the Secretary of Defense to 180 days from the date of enactment of this Act and make several other technical changes. Report regarding industrial base for large solid rocket motors (sec. 1699) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1684) that would require the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment to submit a report to the appropriate congressional committees by April 15, 2019, on whether, and, if so, how, the Federal Government will sustain more than one supplier for large solid rocket motors. The report would include an assessment of several matters, including risks, costs, and options for sustaining more than one supplier by leveraging various programs of the Department of Defense and the Federal Government. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would remove an interim briefing requirement in the House provision. The conferees expect the Under Secretary to leverage analysis done in support of the requirement contained in section 1695 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91), which was due on March 1, 2018, and submit both reports promptly. The conferees also expect the Secretary of the Air Force to take into account the anticipated difference in life cycle cost for the groundbased strategic deterrent program when considering options for sustaining more than one supplier for large solid rocket motors, and inform the Congress of that cost difference appropriately. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  Report on space debris The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1616) that would require the Secretary of Defense, not later than 240 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to submit to the Committee on Armed Services and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Armed Services and Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a report on the risks posed by manmade space debris in lowearth orbit. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees take seriously the risks posed by manmade space debris in lowearth orbit. Accordingly, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to provide a briefing not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act to the Committees on Armed Services of the House of Representatives and the Senate, and upon request to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate. The briefing shall cover the risks posed by manmade space debris in lowearth orbit and plans to remediate such risks in the future. Prohibition on the availability of funds for Department of Defense assuming background investigation mission for the Federal Government The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1626) that would prohibit the Department of Defense from assuming the background investigation mission for the entire Federal Government before December 31, 2019. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that the administration decision to transfer the background investigation mission for the entire Federal Government introduces significantly increased risk for the Department of Defense. However, the conferees agree that for the sake of efficiency across the government, this decision is logical. The conferees expect that the Department will continue to pursue its focus on modernizing the background investigation function instead of taking over an existing and outdated process. The conferees are committed to continuing to monitor the Department’s progress in taking over this new mission over the coming years. Establishment of Cybersecurity for Defense Industrial Base Manufacturing Activity The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1636) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to, in consultation with the National Institute of Standards and Technology, establish an activity to assess and strengthen the cybersecurity resiliency of the defense industrial base in the United 
States, including the development of cybersecurity test capabilities, development of training regimes, integration of defense industrial base cybersecurity into research and development roadmaps and threat assessments, and the dissemination of relevant capabilities to address threats to the defense industrial base. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the activity in question is authorized in another provision in this Act. Inclusion of computer programming and cybersecurity in curriculum of Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1639) that would amend section 2200c of title 10, United States Code, to include computer programming and cybersecurity in the curriculum of Junior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Metrics for evaluating effectiveness of integrated Ballistic Missile Defense System against operationally realistic ballistic missile attacks The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1655) that would prohibit the Director of the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) from obligating 50 percent of funds available for the Command and Control, Battle Management and Communications program until the Director of the Missile Defense Agency establishes metrics for evaluating the effectiveness of the integrated Ballistic Missile Defense System and its components and elements against operationally realistic ballistic missile attacks on areas defended by U.S. combatant commands. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees agree that more insight is needed on the composition of certain missile defense capabilities as they change over time and associated cost and schedule changes. Therefore, the conferees direct the Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering, in coordination with United States Strategic Command, to submit a report to the congressional defense committees, within 90 days of enactment of this Act, on how Government Accountability Office (GAO) report recommendations from GAO–18–324 will be addressed and incorporated into future MDA policy documents to improve technical capability declaration (TCD) and operational capability baseline (OCB) processes to communicate capabilities and limitations when delivering integrated Ballistic Missile Defense spirals. The GAO recommendations to be addressed are as follows: (1) The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering should ensure that the Director of MDA clarifies, in written policy, the exact requirements process, and key milestones necessary to issue a TCD, including a requirement that the Assessment Requirements Review be held in such a time frame that it can provide meaningful input to MDA’s test plans; and (2) The Under Secretary of Defense for Research and Engineering should ensure that the Director of MDA includes in capability delivery packages, such as the TCD memos and OCB change packages, the following: a. The verification, validation, and accreditation status of the models used in operational ground tests; and b. Modeling and simulation limitations that affect operational ground test results. Sense of the Senate on discrimination for missile defense The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1660B) that would express the sense of the Senate that prioritizing discrimination capabilities to improve missile defense effectiveness against current and future threats is critically important. The provision would also require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) to submit a report no later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act describing improvements to discrimination required within the missile defense architecture, MDA’s plan to rapidly field advanced discrimination capabilities, and an analysis of efforts to address the discrimination challenges of emerging adversary threats. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees direct the Director of MDA to deliver a report to the congressional defense committees, no later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act, to include: (1) Any needed discrimination improvements within the missile defense architecture; (2) MDA’s plan to rapidly field advanced discrimination capabilities; and (3) An analysis of efforts to address discrimination challenges against emerging adversary threats, including hypersonic and cruise missiles. Assessment of electronic warfare capabilities of Russia and China The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1661) that would require the Director of the Defense Intelligence Agency to conduct a comprehensive assessment of the electronic warfare capabilities of the Russian Federation and People’s Republic of China. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note this assessment is required elsewhere in this Act. Development of Electromagnetic Battle Management capability for joint electromagnetic operations The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1663) that would direct the Electronic Warfare Executive Committee to designate a military Service with the responsibility for acting as executive agent for the development of an Electromagnetic Battle Management capability for joint electromagnetic operations. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to provide a report to the Senate and House Committees on Armed Services no later than February 5, 2019, that explains to the committees whether or not a military service within the Department should be designated as executive agent for activities and programs that would enable proper and expedient implementation of Electronic Warfare BattleManagement, and Command and Control (EW BMC2) strategy and policy. If the Secretary determines that a military service should be designated as executive agent for EW BMC2, the Secretary should include which Service should be designated as such and the rationale supporting that recommendation. If the Secretary determines that no military service should be designated as executive agent for EW BMC2, the conferees expect the Secretary to explain in the report how strategy, policy and governance for EW BMC2 will be implemented across the Department and Combatant Commands and which entity will be responsible for its effective implementation. Report on countermeasures test program The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1673) that would require the Director of the Missile Defense Agency (MDA) to submit, not later than 60 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, to the congressional defense committees a report on the status of the countermeasures test program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Director of the MDA to deliver a report to the congressional defense committees on the status of the countermeasures test program no later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act. The report shall include an evaluation and response to the 2010 report by the JASON Defense Advisory Panel titled ‘‘MDA Discrimination,’’ numbered JSR–10.620, with regard to the recommendations of that report on forming a countermeasures test program through an independent agency to: (1) Challenge the countermeasure efforts of the MDA; (2) Design countermeasures for the MDA; (3) Simulate such countermeasures against the national missile defense; and (4) As appropriate, in cooperation with the Director, build and test countermeasures in intercept flight tests. National Intelligence Estimate with respect to Russian and Chinese interference in democratic countries The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1685) that would direct the Director of National Intelligence to produce a National Intelligence Estimate on Russian and Chinese interference in democratic countries around the world. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Briefing on cyber education and training The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6604) that would require the Secretary of Defense to brief the congressional defense committees on how the Department of Defense can leverage and partner with universities and industry in cyber education and training. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to brief the congressional defense committees no later than 270 days after the date of the enactment of this Act on how the Department of Defense can partner with and leverage universities and industry in cyber education and training, to include: (1) Current partnerships and the Department’s ability to expand and leverage such partnerships to improve cyber education and training; (2) Existing curricula relating to cyber education and training and recommendations for changes to ensure relevance of such education and training to future threats; (3) Joint development of curricula, courseware, and research projects; (4) Joint use of instructors and of facilities; and (5) Recommendations for legislative or administrative action to improve cyber education and training partnerships. Review of and report on activities of International Space Station The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1606) that would require the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration, to complete a review of each program, activity, and future technology research project of the Department of Defense being carried out on the International Space Station and submit that review to the appropriate congressional committees. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees appreciate the importance of work conducted on the International Space 
Station in support of defense priorities and encourage the Secretary to continue to support these programs. Oversight and management of the command, control, and communications system for the national leadership of the United States The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1641) that would centralize and clarify responsibility for nuclear command, control, and communications (NC3) by requiring the Secretary of Defense to designate a single individual responsible for strategic portfolio management of these and related programs. The provision would also modify the structure of the Council on Oversight of the National Leadership Command, Control, and Communications System to streamline its functions and make the single individual designated by the Secretary the sole Chair. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the Chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff has recently concluded a review of the governance of NC3 at the Department of Defense. As the recommendations made by the Chairman are implemented by the Commander of U.S. Strategic Command and others, the conferees expect to see clear improvements in lines of authority and decisionmaking that result in significant, rather than incremental, improvements over the status quo. TITLE XVII—R EVIEW OF FOREIGN INVESTMENT  
ANDEXPORT CONTROLS  Subtitle A—Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States Short title: Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018 (sec. 1701) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1701) that would establish the short title of this section as ‘‘The Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018.’’ The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would establish ‘‘The Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018,’’ the ‘‘Export Controls Act of 2018,’’ and the ‘‘AntiBoycott Act of 2018’’ in sections 1701–1793 of this Act. ‘‘The Foreign Investment Risk Review Modernization Act of 2018’’ would make updates to terms in the current Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) statute and add several new terms. Notably, it would expand the purview of CFIUS by explicitly adding four new types of ‘‘covered transactions,’’ including: (1) Any nonpassive investment by a foreign person in any U.S. business involved in critical infrastructure, the production of critical technologies, or that maintains sensitive personal data that, if exploited, could threaten national security; (2) Any change in a foreign investor’s rights regarding a U.S. business; (3) Any other transaction, transfer, agreement or arrangement designed to circumvent or evade CFIUS; and (4) The purchase, lease, or concession by or to a foreign person of certain real estate in close proximity to military or other sensitive national security facilities. It would also require CFIUS to provide comments on or accept complete written notices within 10 business days of submission in cases where parties stipulate that a transaction is a covered transaction and allow CFIUS to require a written notice and include copies of all related agreements. Further, it would create the concept of declarations and allow the parties to a transaction to stipulate that it is a covered transaction or foreign governmentcontrolled transaction. This Act would also confirm the circumstances under which CFIUS may unilaterally initiate a review, as well as how a transaction attains ‘‘safe harbor’’ status; give CFIUS extra time to review each transaction by extending the overall review period from 30 days to 45 days with a 15–day period extension for extraordinary circumstances; require CFIUS to establish a mechanism to identify any covered transactions for which a notice or declaration has not been filed and on which information is reasonably available; provide for greater flexibility regarding the required signatures on certifications regarding transactions; require the Director of National Intelligence, for each National Security Threat Assessment (NSTA), to identify any recognized intelligence collection gaps, update the NSTA upon request by a lead agency for any past cleared transaction involving a mitigation agreement, and submit the NSTA to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence after conclusion of action by CFIUS; enhance collaboration and coordination with U.S. allies and partners by allowing the disclosure of information to any domestic or foreign governmental entity; clarify the 15 day requirement for the President to announce a decision to not later than 15 days after the earlier of the date on which the investigation is completed, or the date on which the Committee otherwise refers the transaction to the President; provide that civil action challenges against CFIUS actions and findings may only be brought in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit; instruct CFIUS regulations to provide that any review of a covered transaction should consider the national security factors enumerated in statute, and as appropriate, require parties to provide information necessary to consider such factors; and require each CFIUS member to designate an Assistant Secretary, appointed by the President by and with the advice and consent of the Senate, or the equivalent thereof, to carry out Committee duties. To address national security risks, it would grant CFIUS the authority to suspend a transaction during a review or investigation; use mitigation agreements and conditions to address situations where the parties have chosen to abandon a transaction without a presidential order; and impose interim mitigation agreements and conditions for national security risks posed by completed transactions while they are undergoing CFIUS review. A modification of the annual report and other reporting requirements is also included along with a requirement for implementation plans within 180 days of enactment of this act with a determination by the President as to whether additional resources are required for CFIUS under the expansion of CFIUS’ responsibilities in this Act. Finally, a CFIUS Fund would be established and $20.0 million would be authorized for fiscal years 2019 through 2023. The ‘‘Export Controls Act of 2019’’ would repeal the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) (as continued in effect pursuant to the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (IEEPA, 50 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.)) other than sections 11A, 11B, and 11C of such Export Administration Act of 1979 (EAA), and would provide transition provisions to preserve the export control rules and regulations until changed or revoked under the new authority established by this title. It would also require the President to establish controls over the export of certain ‘‘dualuse’’ and military items in order to advance the foreign policy and national security of the United States, including a new category of ‘‘emerging and foundational technologies’’. The administration of those controls would be delegated to the Secretary of Commerce, Secretary of Defense, Secretary of State, the Director of National Intelligence, and other appropriate Federal agencies. Subject to interagency review, the Department of Commerce would be delegated with authority to issue licenses and other authorization for exports. Consistent with existing law, this export control reform would provide the authority to impose criminal and civil penalties for export control violations. It also would provide robust authority to enforce such controls, including the ability to stop unapproved transfers. Congressional oversight would also be strengthened over these controls. The repeal of the EAA would include transition provisions to ensure that all rules, regulations, orders, determinations, licenses, or other administrative measures established under the EAA, or otherwise enforced through Presidential emergency declaration under IEEPA, would remain in effect unless changed or revoked under the new authority established by this title. The ‘‘AntiBoycott Act of 2018’’ would incorporate longstanding current law antiboycott provisions from the expired Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4601 et seq.) continued in effect under IEEPA. It would discourage, and in some circumstances, prohibit U.S. companies from furthering or supporting the boycott of Israel sponsored by the Arab League, or certain other countries, including complying with certain requests for information designed to verify compliance with the boycott. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  Sense of Congress The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1702) that would express the sense of the Congress regarding the benefits of foreign investment in the United States and continuing the United States’ commitment to open and fair investment policy, the shifting threats to national security and the need to modernize the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) and export controls to address those threats, the critical role of CFIUS in protecting national security and need for adequate resources and for more robust international outreach to allies to help them establish their own foreign investment screening regimes, the need to collaborate with allies to develop stronger multilateral export controls, and additional factors CFIUS may consider in reviewing transactions. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Definitions The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1703) that would amend section 721(a) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to update terms pertaining to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) statute and add several new terms. This provision would expand the purview of CFIUS by explicitly adding four new types of covered transactions, including: (1) Any nonpassive investment by a foreign person in any U.S. critical technology or critical infrastructure company; (2) Any change in a foreign investor’s rights regarding a U.S. business; (3) Any other transaction, transfer, agreement or arrangement designed to circumvent/ evade CFIUS; and (4) The purchase, lease, or concession by or to a foreign person of certain real estate in close proximity to military or other sensitive national security facilities. This provision would also allow 
CFIUS to exempt investments from countries meeting certain criteria from the new covered transactions. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Acceptance of written notices The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1704) that would amend section 721(b)(1)(c)(i) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to update the rules governing the acceptance of written notices. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Inclusion of partnership and side agreements in notice The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1705) that would amend section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to require that any written notice or filing to include copies of all related partnership agreements, integration agreements, or other side agreements relating to transactions, including any related to the transfer of intellectual property. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Declarations for certain covered transactions The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1706) that would amend section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to create declarations that would serve as light filings, limited to five pages in length, that must be filed in advance of completing the transaction. This provision would allow any party to voluntarily file a declaration as an alternative to submitting a notice and would also require parties to file a declaration for certain investments where a foreign government has a substantial interest. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Stipulations regarding transactions The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1707) that would amend section 721(b)(1)(C) of the Defense Production Act (Public Law 81–774) to allow all parties to a transaction to stipulate, in a notice or a declaration, that is a covered transaction and, if so, that it is also a foreign governmentcontrolled transaction. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Authority for unilateral initiation of reviews The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1708) that would amend section 721(b)(1) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to confirm the circumstances under which the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) may unilaterally initiate a review, as well as how a transaction attains safe harbor status. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Timing for reviews and investigations The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1709) that would amend section 721(b) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to give the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) extra time to review each transaction by extending the overall review period from 30 days to 45 days and would authorize CFIUS to extend any investigation for one 30day period in extraordinary circumstances, at the request of the head of a lead agency. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Monitoring of nonnotified and nondeclared transactions The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1710) that would amend section 721(b)(1) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to require the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States to establish a mechanism to identify any covered transactions for which a notice or declaration has not been filed and on which information is reasonably available. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Submission of certifications to Congress The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1711) that would amend section 721(b)(3)(C) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to enhance congressional oversight by requiring the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) to submit its certifications regarding transactions to both the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Analysis by Director of National Intelligence The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1712) that would amend section 721(b)(4) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to require the Director of National Intelligence, for each National Security Threat Assessment (NSTA), to identify any recognized intelligence collection gaps, update the NSTA upon requirement by a lead agency for any past cleared transaction involving a mitigation agreement, and submit the NSTA to the Senate Select Committee on Intelligence and House Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence after conclusion of action by the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Information sharing The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1713) that would amend section 721(c) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to enhance collaboration and coordination with United States allies and partners by allowing the disclosure of information to any domestic or foreign governmental entity, under the direction of the chairperson, if necessary for national security and pursuant to appropriate confidentiality and classification arrangements, or when the parties have consented for information to be disclosed to third parties. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Action by the President The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1714) that would amend section 721(d) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to confirm the authority of the President to suspend or prohibit a transition or require divestment when necessary to protect national security. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Judicial review The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1715) that would amend section 721(e) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to clarify that civil action challenges against Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States actions and findings may only be brought in the United States Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Membership and staff of Committee The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1716) that would amend section 721(k) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to clarify the rules that apply to the appointment and hiring of members and staff of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. 
The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Actions by the Committee to address national security risks The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1717) that would amend section 721(1) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to grant the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) the authority to suspend a transaction during a review or investigation, use mitigation agreements and conditions to address situations where the parties have chosen to abandon a transaction without a presidential order, and impose interim mitigation agreements and conditions for national security risks posed by completed transactions while they are undergoing CFIUS review. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Modification of annual report and other reporting requirements The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1718) that would amend section 721(m) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to require the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States (CFIUS) to include in its annual report a description of the outcomes of any reviews and investigations that year, including whether a mitigation agreement was entered into or condition imposed and whether the President took any action. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Certification of notices and information The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1719) that would amend section 721(n) of the Defense Production Act of 1950 
(Public Law 81–774) to require that each notice submitted to the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States be accompanied by a written statement from the parties certifying that the notice or information is accurate, complete, and compliant with the rules. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Implementation plans The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1720) that would require the Secretary of the Treasury and the Secretary of Commerce to develop implementation plans for carrying out relevant sections of this Title and to submit them to Congress within 180 days of enactment of this Act. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Assessment of need for additional resources for Committee The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1721) that would require the President to determine whether and to what extent the expansion of the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States’ (CFIUS) responsibilities would necessitate additional resources for CFIUS and its members to perform their functions, and include the request for any such additional resources for each member agency in the annual budget requests to Congress. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Funding The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1722) that would amend section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to establish a fund for the Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Centralization of certain Committee functions The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1723) that would amend section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to authorize the Secretary of the Treasury to centralize certain functions of the Committee on Foreign Investment of the United States (CFIUS) to include monitoring nonnotified and nondeclared transactions, within the Department of Treasury to enhance CFIUS interagency coordination and collaboration. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Conforming amendments The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1724) that would amend section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) to make technical and conforming changes to the statute. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Requirements to identify and control the export of emerging and foundational technologies The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1725) that would establish an interagency process led by the President to identify emerging and foundational technologies that are not currently subject to export controls and would establish an interagency process to control such technologies. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Export control enforcement authority The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1726) that would enhance and harmonize the Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Industry and Security (BIS) export control enforcement authorities with those authorities granted special agents in other law enforcement and investigative agencies by allowing BIS to engage in overseas investigations and undercover penetration activities and also appropriately protects confidentiality of information. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Prohibition on modification of civil penalties under export control and sanctions laws The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1727) that would amend section 721 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) that would prohibit the President from modifying any civil penalty implemented by the Government of the United States with respect to a Chinese telecommunications company pursuant to a determination that the company has violated an export control or sanctions law of the United States until the date that is 30 days after the President makes a certification to the appropriate congressional committees. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision elsewhere in this Act. Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1728) that would rename the position of the Under Secretary of Commerce for Export Administration to the Under Secretary of Commerce for Industry and Security to more properly align the position title with the organization and role. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Limitation on cancellation of designation of Secretary of the Air Force as Department of Defense Executive Agent for a certain Defense Production Act program The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1729) that would bar the Department of Defense from making any change to the Secretary of the Air Force acting as the program manager or executive agent under Title III of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (Public Law 81–774) until Congress explicitly authorizes such a change. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Review of and report on certain defense technologies critical to the United States maintaining superior military capabilities The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1730) that would require a report to Congress, no later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, from the Secretary of Defense and the Director of National Intelligence on key United States industries and research and development activities critical to maintaining a national security technology capability, where over the next five years it is anticipated a domestic industrial base shortfall will exist and domestic industry cannot or will not provide the needed capacity in a timely manner without assistance authorized in existing statutory authorities enacted for such purposes. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Briefing on information from transactions reviewed by Committee on Foreign Investment in the United States relating to foreign efforts to influence democratic institutions and processes The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1731) that would require the Secretary of the Treasury, no later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, to provide a briefing to the Committee on Banking, Housing, and Urban Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Financial Service of the House of Representatives. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. 
The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Effective date The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1732) that would establish the date of applicability of the provision contained within this title. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. Severability The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 1733) that would clarify that any provision of this title is held to be invalid, the remaining provisions and the application of that provision to other persons shall not be affected. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees have addressed this provision in title 17 of this Act. DIVISION B—MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AUTHORIZATIONS Summary and explanation of funding tables Division B of this Act authorizes funding for military construction projects of the Department of Defense. It includes funding authorizations for the construction and operation of military family housing as well as military construction for the reserve components, the defense agencies, and the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program. It also provides authorization for the base closure accounts that fund military construction, environmental cleanup, and other activities required to implement the decisions in base closure rounds. The tables contained in this Act provide the projectlevel authorizations for the military construction funding authorized in Division B of this Act and summarize that funding by account. The conferees continue to believe in the value and appropriateness of providing a full authorization but incremental authorization of appropriations for certain military construction projects. The conferees believe incremental funding of large and complex military construction projects enables the Department to execute additional infrastructure projects in a fiscal year, enables continuous congressional oversight, and provides 
opportunities to adjust the authorization of appropriations level for projects should issues arise or requirements change over the course of construction. In instances where the conference agreement provides full authorization but incremental authorization of appropriations for certain military construction projects, the committee expects the Department to award these projects in the year of authorization and not defer award until the full appropriation amount is received. Short title (sec. 2001) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2001) that would cite division B of this Act as the ‘‘Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 2001). The conference agreement includes this provision. Expiration of authorizations and amounts required to be specified by law (sec. 2002) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2002) that would designate the authorizations provided in titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX of this Act to expire on October 1, 2023, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2024, whichever is later. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2002). The Senate recedes. Effective date (sec. 2003) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2003) that would provide that titles XXI through XXVII and title XXIX of this Act would take effect on October 1, 2018, or the date of the enactment of this Act, whichever is later. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 2003). The conference agreement includes this provision. TITLE XXI—A RMYMILITARY CONSTRUCTION  Summary The budget request included $1,011,768,000 for Army military construction and $707,169,000 for family housing for fiscal year 2019. The conference agreement includes authorization of appropriations of $1,170,868,000 for military construction and $707,169,000 for family housing for the Army in fiscal year 2019. The agreement includes authorization of 4 military construction projects that were not included in the budget request but submitted to the congressional defense committees as part of the Army’s unfunded requirements list. These projects include: $50.0 million for a Rotary Wing Parking Apron at Wheeler Army Airfield, Hawaii; $18.0 million for a Microgrid and Power Plant at Fort Campbell, Kentucky; $16.5 million for Cantonment Area Roads at Fort Meade, Maryland; and $9.6 million for a Supply Support Activity at Fort Hood, Texas. The agreement also includes authorization of $35.0 million for the Secretary of the Army to carry out projects, with prior notification to the congressional defense committees, to enhance force protection and safety. The conferees recommend the Secretary use this authority to alleviate deficiencies in access control points, air traffic control towers, fire stations, and antiterrorism and force protection. Finally, the agreement includes $30.0 million for Arlington National Cemetery. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects (sec. 2101) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2101) that would contain the list of authorized Army construction projects for fiscal year 2019. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The State list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2101). The House recedes with an amendment. Family housing (sec. 2102) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2102) that would authorize new construction and planning and design of family housing units for the Army for fiscal year 2019. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2102). The House recedes. Authorization of appropriations, Army (sec. 2103) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2103) that would authorize appropriations for Army military construction at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2103). The House recedes. Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal year 2015 projects (sec. 2104) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2104) that would extend the authorization of a certain project originally authorized by section 2101 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291) until October 1, 2019, or the date of the enactment of an act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2020, whichever is later. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 2104). The conference agreement includes this provision. Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal year 2016 project (sec. 2105) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 2105) that would extend the authorization of a project authorized by section 2101 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92) until October 1, 2023, or the date of enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2024, whichever is later. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a clarifying amendment that would correct the name of the project to ‘‘Arlington National Cemetery (DAR)’’. TITLE XXII—N AVYMILITARY CONSTRUCTION  Summary The budget request included $2,543,189,000 for Navy and Marine Corps military construction and $419,117,000 for family housing for fiscal year 2019. The conference agreement includes authorization of appropriations of $2,412,859,000 for military construction and $419,117,000 for family housing for the Navy and Marine Corps in fiscal year 2019. The agreement includes authorization of 13 military construction projects that were not included in the budget request but submitted to the congressional defense committees as part of the Navy and Marine Corps’ unfunded requirements list. These projects include: $75.6 million for XRay Wharf Improvements (Berth 2) at Naval Base Guam, Guam; $51.3 million for a 2nd Radio BN Complex, Phase 2 at Camp Lejeune, North Carolina; $31.9 million for a Welding and Body Repair Shop Facility at Marine Corps Base Albany, Georgia; $22.3 million for Expeditionary Combat Skills Student Berthing at Naval Construction Battalion Center, Mississippi; $21.8 million for Missile Magazines at Naval Weapons Station Seal Beach, California; $19.7 million for a Consolidated Fire Station at Naval Station Guantanamo Bay, Cuba; $19.5 million for LCS Mission Module Readiness Center at Naval Base San Diego, California; $16.6 million for a Supply Warehouse SOIWest at Camp Pendleton, California; $14.9 million for a Communications Line Ops to Admin at Naval Air Station Lemoore, California; $14.8 million for Missile Motor Magazines and U&SI at Camp Navajo, Arizona; $13.1 million for an Ammunition Supply Point Upgrade, Phase 2 at Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia; $10.0 million for an Air Traffic Control Tower (North Field) at Naval Air Station Whiting Field, Florida; and $6.3 million for a Cryogenics Facility at Marine Corps Air Station Beaufort, South Carolina. The agreement provides for full authorization and incremental authorization of appropriations in an amount equal to the Department’s ability to execute in the year of the authorization of appropriations for the following projects: Pier 8 Replacement at Naval Base San Diego, California; Causeway Boat Channel & Turning Basing at Naval Weapons Station Seal Beach, California; Master Time Clock & Operations Facility at the Naval Observatory, District of Columbia; Machine Gun Range at Joint Region Marianas, Guam; Dry Dock #1 Superflood Basin at Portsmouth Naval Yard, Maine; Aircraft Maintenance Hangar at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina; Flightline Utility Modernization at Marine Corps Air Station Cherry Point, North Carolina; and the D5 Missile Motor Receipt/Storage Facility at Hill Air Force Base, Utah. The agreement also includes authorization of $35.0 million for the Secretary of the Navy to carry out projects, with prior notification to the congressional defense committees, to enhance force protection and safety. The conferees recommend the Secretary use this authority to alleviate deficiencies at Navy and Marine Corps installations in access control points, air traffic control towers, fire stations, and antiterrorism and force protection. Finally, the agreement does not include authorization of $21.98 million included in the budget request for a TBS Fire Station at Marine Corps Base Quantico, Virginia. The conferees note that this project was authorized in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) and a subsequent appropriation was included in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141). The conferees do not believe an additional authorization of appropriation for fiscal year 2019 is required for this project. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects (sec. 2201) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2201) that would contain the list of authorized Navy construction projects for fiscal year 2019. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The State list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2201). The House recedes with an amendment. Family housing (sec. 2202) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2202) that would authorize new construction and planning and design of family housing units for the Department of the Navy for fiscal year 2019. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2202). The House recedes. Improvements to military family housing units (sec. 2203) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2203) that would authorize the Secretary of 
the Navy to make improvements to existing units of family housing for fiscal year 2019. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2203). The House recedes. Authorization of appropriations, Navy (sec. 2204) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2204) that would authorize appropriations for Navy military construction at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2204). The House recedes. TITLE XXIII—A IRFORCE MILITARY  CONSTRUCTION  Summary The budget request included $1,725,707,000 for Air Force military construction and $395,720,000 for family housing for fiscal year 2019. The conference agreement includes authorization of appropriations of $1,608,773,000 for military construction and $395,720,000 for family housing for the Air Force in fiscal year 2019. The agreement includes authorization of 9 military construction projects that were not included in the budget request, but submitted to the congressional defense committees as part of the Air Force’s unfunded requirements list. These projects include: $26.0 million for a Composite Aircraft Antenna Calibration Facility at Hill Air Force Base, Utah; $15.0 million for an AGE Facility at DavisMonthan Air Force Base, Arizona; $14.2 million for AntiTerrorism Perimeter Security/Entry Control Point at Rome Lab, New York; $14.0 million for ADAL JPRA C2 Mission Support Facility at Fairchild Air Force Base, Washington; $13.0 million for a Child Development Center at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland; $12.25 million for an Entrance Road and Gate Complex at Barksdale Air Force Base, Louisiana; $9.0 million for a Main Gate at Patrick Air Force Base, Florida; $8.0 million for a MWD Facility at Joint Base Andrews, Maryland; and $7.0 million for Wyoming Gate Upgrade for AntiTerrorism Compliance at Kirtland Air Force Base, New Mexico. The agreement provides for full authorization and incremental authorization of appropriations in an amount equal to the Department’s ability to execute in the year of the authorization of appropriations for MITLincoln Laboratory (West Lab CSL/MIF) at Hanscom Air Force Base, Massachusetts. In addition, the committee provides full authorization for phase 1 and phase 2 of the ADAL Intelligence Production Complex (NASIC) as a single $182.0 million project at Wright Patterson Air Force Base. The agreement provides incremental authorization of appropriations for the combined project in an amount equal to the Department’s ability to execute in the year of the authorization of appropriations. The agreement also includes authorization of $35.0 million for the Secretary of the Air Force to carry out projects, with prior notification to the congressional defense committees, to enhance force protection and safety. The conferees recommend the Secretary use this authority to alleviate deficiencies in access control points, air traffic control towers, fire stations, and antiterrorism and force protection. The agreement transfers the following two military construction projects from the base budget request to Title XXIX, Overseas Contingency Operations Military Construction: Flightline Support Facilities at Al Udeid, Qatar and Personnel Deployment Processing Facility at Al Udeid, Qatar. Finally, the agreement includes an authorization of appropriation of $129.116 million for the Presidential Aircraft Recap Complex, Increment 2, a reduction of $24.884 million from the budget request for fiscal year 2019. This reflects the additional $24.884 that was provided for this project in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115– 141), which was signed in to law after the budget request for fiscal year 2019 was submitted. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects (sec. 2301) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2301) that would contain the list of authorized Air Force construction projects for fiscal year 2019. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The State list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2301). The House recedes with an amendment. Family housing (sec. 2302) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2302) that would authorize new construction and planning and design of family housing units for the Air Force for fiscal year 2019. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2302). The House recedes. Improvements to military family housing units (sec. 2303) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2303) that would authorize the Secretary of the Air Force to make improvements to existing units of family housing for fiscal year 2019. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2303). The House recedes. Authorization of appropriations, Air Force (sec. 2304) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2304) that would authorize appropriations for Air Force military construction at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2304). The House recedes. Modification of authority to carry out certain phased project authorized in fiscal years 2015, 2016, and 2017 (sec. 2305) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2305) that would modify the authority provided by section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291), the authority provided by section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92), and the authority provided by section 2301(b) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114–328) to authorize the Secretary of the Air Force to modify the location of three previously authorized construction phases of the project. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 2305). The conference agreement includes this provision. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2017 project (sec. 2306) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2306) that would modify the authority provided by section 2301 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (division B of Public Law 114–328) and authorize the Secretary of the Air Force to make certain modifications to the scope and authorized cost of a previously authorized construction project. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 2306). The conference agreement includes this provision. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 project (sec. 2307) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2307) that would modify the authority provided by section 2301 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91) and authorize the Secretary of the Air Force to make certain modifications to the scope of a previously authorized construction project. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2307). The House recedes. Additional authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 projects (sec. 2308) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2308) that would provide the Secretary of the Air Force additional authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 projects pursuant to the Defense Laboratory Modernization Pilot Program established by section 2803 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92). The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2308). The House recedes. Additional authority to carry out project at Travis Air Force Base, California, in fiscal year 2019 (sec. 2309) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2309) that would provide specific authorization for a construction project at Travis Air Force Base. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. TITLE XXIV—D EFENSE AGENCIES MILITARY  CONSTRUCTION  Summary The budget request included $2,693,324,000 for Air Force military construction and $58,373,000 for family housing for fiscal year 2019. The conference agreement includes authorization of appropriations of $2,506,728,000 for military construction and $58,373,000 for family housing for the Air Force in fiscal year 2019. The agreement includes authorization of 6 Energy Resiliency Conservation Investment Program (ERCIP) projects that were not included in the budget request but submitted to the congressional defense committees as part of the Department’s unfunded requirements list. These projects include: $20.0 million to Install Microgrid at Anniston Army Depot, Alabama; $6.53 million for a SNI Energy Storage System at Naval Base Ventura, California; $5.5 million to Install Microgrid at Camp Mabry, Texas; $5.34 million for Distribution Switchgear at Joint Reserve Base Naval Air Station New Orleans, Louisiana; $3.5 million for PV/Water Conservation & Energy Resilience at Salina Training Center, Kansas; and $2.52 million for a Super Flight Line Electrical Distribution System (FLEDS) at Naval Air Station Oceana, Virginia. The agreement provides for full authorization and incremental authorization of appropriations in an amount equal to the Department’s ability to execute in the year of the authorization of appropriations for the following projects: Long Range Discrimination Radar System Complex, Phase 2 at Clear Air Force Station, Alaska and Kinnick High School at Yokosuka, Japan. The agreement provides an authorization of appropriation of $181.0 million for Next NGA West (N2W) Complex Phase 1 Inc. 2, a 
reduction of $32.6 million from the budget request for fiscal year 2019. This reflects the additional $24.884 that was provided for this project in the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141), which was signed in to law after the budget request for fiscal year 2019 was submitted. In addition, the conferees note that the Office of Management and Budget directed the National GeospatialIntelligence Agency to hold on awarding this project until receiving full appropriations for both increments, resulting in a selfcreated cost increase of $7.6 million due to the delay in award. The conferees direct the Department to take all necessary and appropriate actions to award the construction contract to avoid the selfcreate cost increase. Finally, the agreement does not include an authorization or authorization of appropriations for the Ambulatory Care Center Addition/Alteration at RAF Croughton, United Kingdom. The conferees note the facility is earlytoneed based on an ongoing analysis of alternatives related to a separate military construction requirement. In addition, the agreement does not include an authorization of appropriations for Contingency Construction at Unspecified Worldwide Locations, noting that unobligated balances remain available in the military construction account and other authorities exist to construct projects that are in keeping with a national security interest. Authorized defense agencies construction and land acquisition projects (sec. 2401) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2401) that would contain the list of authorized defense agencies’ construction projects for fiscal year 2019. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The state list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2401). The Senate recedes with an amendment. Authorized energy conservation projects (sec. 2402) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2402) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to carry out energy resilience and conservation projects. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2402). The House recedes with an amendment. The conferees note that in addition to the budget request of $150.0 million, this Act authorizes an additional $43.4 million in specific projects and an additional $5.0 million in planning and design for a total of $48.4 million. The specific projects receiving additional authorization are: 1. Anniston Army Depot, AL ($20.0 million); 2. Naval Base Ventura County, CA ($6.5 million); 3. Salina Training Center, KS ($3.5 million); 4. Joint Reserve Base Naval Air Station New Orleans, LA ($5.3 million); 5. Camp Mabry, TX ($5.5 million); and 6. Naval Air Station Oceana, VA ($2.5 million). Authorization of appropriations, defense agencies (sec. 2403) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2403) that would authorize appropriations for defense agencies’ military construction at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2403). The House recedes. Extension of authorizations of certain fiscal year 2015 projects (sec. 2404) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2404) that would extend the authorization of certain projects originally authorized by section 2401 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (division B of Public Law 113–291) until October 1, 2019, or the date of the enactment of an Act authorizing funds for military construction for fiscal year 2020, whichever is later. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2404). The Senate recedes. Authorization of certain fiscal year 2018 project (sec. 2405) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 2405) that would amend section 2401(a) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91) by authorizing the Fort Bliss Blood Processing Center for $8,300,000. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. TITLE XXV—I NTERNATIONAL PROGRAMS  Subtitle A—North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program Summary The budget request included $171,064,000 for military construction in fiscal year 2019 for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program. In addition, pursuant to agreement with the Republic of Korea, the budget request included a list of military construction projects to be funded as inkind contributions by the Republic of Korea. The conference agreement includes this amount for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program projects and the authorization to accept the military construction projects funded by the Republic of Korea. Authorized NATO construction and land acquisition projects (sec. 2501) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2501) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to make contributions to the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program in an amount not to exceed the sum of the amount specifically authorized in section 2502 of this Act and the amount collected from the North Atlantic Treaty Organization as a result of construction previously financed by the United States. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 2501). The conference agreement contains this provision. Authorization of appropriations, NATO (sec. 2502) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2502) that would authorize appropriations for the North Atlantic Treaty Organization Security Investment Program at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2502). The House recedes with a technical amendment. Subtitle B—Host Country InKind Contributions Republic of Korea funded construction projects (sec. 2511) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2511) that would authorize the Secretary of Defense to accept 16 military construction projects totaling $518.6 million pursuant to agreement with the Republic of Korea for required inkind contributions. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 2511). The conference agreement contains this provision. TITLE XXVI—G UARD ANDRESERVE FORCES  FACILITIES  Summary The budget request included $467,395,000 for military construction of National Guard and Reserve facilities for fiscal year 2019. The conference agreement includes authorization of appropriations of $647,095,000 for military construction of National Guard and Reserve facilities in fiscal year 2019. The conference agreement includes authorization of 12 military construction projects that were not included in the budget request but submitted to the congressional defense committees as part of the services unfunded requirements list. These projects include: $42.6 million for a Regional ISO Mx Hangar at Westover Air Reserve Base, Massachusetts; $24.0 million for NORTHCOM—Construct Alert Facilities at Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base, Louisiana; $24.0 million for HC–130J Mx Hangar at Patrick Air Force Base, Florida; $23.0 million for an ECS Modified TEMF at Yakima Training Center Washington; $13.0 million for Replace Fire Station at Mansfield Lahm Airport, Ohio; $11.0 million for a Tactical Unmanned Aerial Vehicle Hangar at Boardman, Oregon; $11.0 million for an Aircraft Vehicle Storage Building at Lexington, Oklahoma; $9.4 million for an Aerial Port Facility at Grissom Air Reserve Base, Indiana; $9.0 million to Construct Aircraft Apron at Great Falls International Airport, Montana; $8.8 million for Relocation Main Gate at Youngstown Air Reserve Station, Ohio; $8.0 million to Construct Small Arms Range at Rickenbacker International Airport, Ohio; and $8.0 million to Construct Small Arms Range at Duluth International Airport, Minnesota. The agreement does not include an authorization of appropriation for a Small Arms Range at MinneapolisSt. Paul International Airport, Minnesota or a Munitions Training/ Admin Facility at Naval Air Station Joint Reserve Base Fort Worth, Texas. The conferees note that an authorization and authorization of appropriation were provided for both of these facilities in fiscal year 2018. The conferees do not believe an additional authorization of appropriation for fiscal year 2019 is required for these projects. Subtitle A—Project Authorizations and Authorization of Appropriations Authorized Army National Guard construction and land acquisition projects (sec. 2601) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2601) that would contain the list of authorized Army National Guard construction projects for fiscal year 2019. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The State list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2601). The House recedes with an amendment. Authorized Army Reserve construction and land acquisition projects (sec. 2602) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2602) that would contain the list of authorized Army Reserve construction projects for fiscal year 2019. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The State list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2602). The House recedes with an amendment. Authorized Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve construction and land acquisition projects (sec. 2603) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2603) that would contain the list of authorized Navy Reserve and Marine Corps Reserve 
construction projects for fiscal year 2019. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The State list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2603). The Senate recedes with an amendment. Authorized Air National Guard construction and land acquisition projects (sec. 2604) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2604) that would contain the list of authorized Air National Guard construction projects for fiscal year 2019. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The State list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2604). The House recedes with an amendment. Authorized Air Force Reserve construction and land acquisition projects (sec. 2605) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2605) that would contain the list of authorized Air Force Reserve construction projects for fiscal year 2019. The authorized amounts are listed on an installationbyinstallation basis. The State list contained in this Act is intended to be the binding list of the specific projects authorized at each location. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2605). The House recedes with an amendment. Authorization of appropriations, National Guard and Reserve (sec. 2606) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2606) that would authorize appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve military construction at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2606). The House recedes. Subtitle B—Other Matters Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2016 project (sec. 2611) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2611) that would modify the authority provided by section 2603 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (division B of Public Law 114–92) to authorize the Secretary of the Navy to modify the location of a previously authorized construction project. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 2611). The conference agreement contains this provision. Modification of authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2018 project (sec. 2612) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2612) that would modify the authority provided by section 2601 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–91) to authorize the Secretary of the Army to make certain modifications to the scope of a previously authorized construction project. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2612). The Senate recedes. Additional authority to carry out certain fiscal year 2019 project (sec. 2613) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2613) that would authorize the Secretary of the Navy to carry out a military construction project and acquire land at Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania, for the construction of a reserve training center. The Secretary may use available, unobligated Navy military construction reserve funds for the project. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2613). The Senate recedes. TITLE XXVII—B ASEREALIGNMENT AND  CLOSURE ACTIVITIES  Summary The budget request included $267,538,000 for Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) activities related to previous BRAC rounds. The conference agreement includes authorization of appropriations of $322,868,000 for Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) activities related to previous BRAC rounds in fiscal year 2019. Authorization of appropriations for base realignment and closure activities funded through Department of Defense Base Closure Account (sec. 2701) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2701) that would authorize appropriations for ongoing activities that are required to implement the base realignment and closure activities authorized by the Defense Base Closure and Realignment Act of 1990 (part A of title XXIX of Public Law 101—510), at the levels identified in section 4601 of division D of this Act. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2701). The House recedes. Additional authority to realign or close certain military installations (sec. 2702) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2702) that would provide the Secretary of Defense with authority to close or realign a military installation if the Secretary receives notification from the Governor of a State or territory that recommends the realignment or closure of a military installation within the Governor’s State or territory. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Prohibition on conducting additional base realignment and closure (BRAC) round (sec. 2703) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2703) that would affirm that nothing in this Act shall be construed to authorize an additional Base Realignment and Closure round. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 2702). The conference agreement includes this provision. TITLE XXVIII—M ILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND  GENERAL PROVISIONS  Subtitle A—Military Construction Program and Military Family Housing Modification of contract authority for acquisition, construction, or furnishing of test facilities and equipment (sec. 2801) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 2802) that would amend section 2353(a) of title 10, United States Code, to clarify the authority for the contract of a military department to provide for the acquisition or construction of facilities and equipment, by either the government or the contractor, that the secretary of the military department concerned determines to be necessary for the performance of a contract for research, development, or both. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify that the Secretary of Defense and the secretaries of the military departments shall promulgate regulations necessary to give full force and effect to this section. Commercial construction standards for facilities on leased property (sec. 2802) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2801) that would amend section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, to allow the use of commercial construction standards when a private developer is constructing facilities on military land for commercial use under an enhanced use lease agreement. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would sunset the authority after 5 years. Congressional oversight of projects carried out pursuant to laws other than Military Construction Authorization Acts (sec. 2803) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 2805) that would amend section 2802(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, to include all congressional defense committees in any notification requirements set forth by any law other than a Military Construction Authorization Act. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Small business setaside for contracts for architectural and engineering services and construction design (sec. 2804) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2803) that would amend contract thresholds for small business setasides for architectural and engineering services and construction design. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Updates and modifications to Department of Defense Form 1391, Unified Facilities Criteria, and military installation master plans (sec. 2805) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 311) that would amend section 2864 of title 10, United States Code, to require energy and climate resiliency efforts to be considered in installation master plans to ensure the ability to sustain missioncritical operations. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2811) that would require the Department of Defense Form 1391 to include a disclosure of whether or not a proposed project falls within or partially within a 100year floodplain and, if so, a specific risk mitigation plan. The provision would also require a process for risk analysis and a report on planned mitigation measures for buildings, require disclosure as to whether a project was included in the prior year’s future years defense program, require an energy study or life cycle analysis, amend the United Facilities Criteria to ensure building risk data are incorporated into planned designs and modifications, require consideration of energy and climate resiliency efforts in major military installation master plans, amend the definition of military installation resilience, and include threats to military installation resilience for adjustment and diversification assistance. The House recedes. Work in Process Curve charts and outlay tables for military construction projects (sec. 2806) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 2812) that would require the Secretary of Defense and the service secretaries to include as an addendum to the 1391 forms submitted with the budget request for each fiscal year a Work in Process Curve chart and monthly outlay table for funding, obligations, and outlay figures for any military construction project over $35,000,000. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment that changes the required project threshold from $35,000,000 to $90,000,000. 
Extension of temporary, limited authority to use operation and maintenance funds for construction projects outside the United States (sec. 2807) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2802) that would provide continued authority for the Secretary of Defense to use funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for military construction to meet temporary operational requirements during a time of declared war, national emergency, or contingency operation through the end of fiscal year 2019. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2803) that would extend subsection (h) of section 2808 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 from 2019 to 2020 and limit the funding authority to $50.0 million. The House recedes with a clarifying amendment that limits the total amount allowed to be obligated to $50 million per year for fiscal years 2019 and 2020 limiting the total authority to $100 million. Authority to obtain architectural and engineering services and construction design for defense laboratory modernization program (sec. 2808) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2804) that would amend section 2803 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) to clarify that the Secretary of the military department concerned may use amounts available for research, development, testing, and evaluation funding to obtain architectural and engineering services to carry out a construction project under this authority. This section would also extend the period of the Defense Laboratory Modernization Pilot Program until October 1, 2023. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2801) that would extend the pilot program for the use of Research, Development, Test, and Evaluation (RDT&E) funds for military construction projects until 2025 and clarify that RDT&E funds may be used to obtain architectural and engineering services and carry out construction design. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment that would extend the authority until 2025. Repeal of limitation on certain Guam project (sec. 2809) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2805) that would amend section 2879 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91) by repealing the requirement that the Secretary of the Navy award five military construction projects prior to awarding the ‘‘Replace Andersen Housing Phase II’’ project. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Enhancing force protection and safety on military installations (sec. 2810) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2806) that would authorize the secretaries of the military departments to carry out military construction projects to enhance force protection and safety on military installations. This section would require a notification to the congressional defense committees prior to obligating or expending funds to carry out a project under this authority. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment. Limitation on use of funds for acquisition of furnished energy for new medical center in Germany (sec. 2811) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2807) that would prohibit the Secretary of Defense or the secretary of any military department from using funds to enter into a contract for the acquisition of energy for the proposed Rhine Ordnance Barracks Army Medical Center until the Secretary of Defense submits certain certifications regarding the source of energy supply and the design of the medical center. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Subtitle B—Real Property and Facilities Administration Force structure plans and infrastructure capabilities necessary to support the force structure (sec. 2821) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2812) that would require the Secretary of Defense to submit a force structure plan for each military service not later than February 3, 2021, accompanied by a categorical model of installation capabilities required to support force structure and an assessment of the adequacy of the Department of Defense’s existing infrastructure inventory to support force structure plans. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Exemption of Department of Defense offsite use and offsite removal only nonmobile properties from certain excess property disposal requirements (sec. 2822) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2811) that would amend section 11411 of title 42, United States Code, to provide the Department of Defense discretion on the reporting of surplus facilities for possible assistance for the homeless. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment that includes a consultation requirement with the Executive Director of the United States Interagency Council on Homelessness prior to any determinations. Retrofitting existing windows in military family housing units to be equipped with fall prevention devices (sec. 2823) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2813) that would amend section 2879 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize the secretaries of the military departments to create a grant program from which privatized housing entities and military installations may request funds to retrofit or install window fall prevention devices in privatized and militaryowned housing. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Updating prohibition on use of certain assessment of public schools on Department of Defense installations to supersede funding of certain projects (sec. 2824) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2814) that would freeze a portion of the Public Schools on Military Installations List required in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328) to ensure that the original top 38 schools do not lose priority due to any reassessment. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Study of feasibility of using 20year intergovernmental support agreements for installation support services (sec. 2825) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2815) that would direct each Secretary concerned to conduct a study on the feasibility and desirability of using 20year intergovernmental support agreements for installation support services. This section would also require each Secretary to submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the study. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Representation of installation interests in negotiations and proceedings with carriers and other public utilities (sec. 2826) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 2835) that would amend section 501(c) of title 40, United States Code, by requiring that any representative of the General Services Administration that will represent a military installation in any negotiation must first notify the senior mission commander of the installation and solicit and represent the interest of the installation as determined by the installation’s senior mission commander. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Clarification to include National Guard installations in Readiness and Environmental Protection Integration program (sec. 2827) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6801) that would clarify that State owned National Guard installations qualify as military installations under section 2684a of title 10, United States Code. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Subtitle C—Land Conveyances Land exchange, Air Force Plant 44, Tucson, Arizona (sec. 2841) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2821) that would grant the Secretary of the Air Force permissive authority to convey 58 acres on Air Force Plant 44, Arizona to Tucson International Airport and the ability to construct new explosives storage facilities to replace the existing facility that would be conveyed with this provision while ensuring that the new explosives storage facilities is within the endofrunway clear zone. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 2821). The conference agreement contains this 
provision. Authority for transfer of administrative jurisdiction over certain lands, Marine Corps Air Ground Combat Center Twentynine Palms, California, and Marine Corps Air Station Yuma, Arizona (sec. 2842) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2822) that would authorize the Secretary of the Navy to transfer acquired State and privately owned lands to the Secretary of the Interior for inclusion as public lands withdrawn and reserved by section 2941 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66). This section would also allow the Secretary of the Interior to transfer certain parcels of land at Marine Corps Air Station Yuma to the Secretary of the Navy. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Environmental restoration and future conveyance of portion of former Mare Island Firing Range, Vallejo, California (sec. 2843) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2823) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to restore the former Mare Island firing range. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that the restoration of Mare Island does not set a precedence for future land conveyances. 
Release of restrictions, University of California, San Diego (sec. 2844) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6802) that would allow the Secretary of the Navy to release a parcel of real property consisting of approximately 495 acres to the San Diego campus of the University of California. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a technical amendment that drops the reversionary clause, as the conveyance requires fair market value to be paid for the property. Land exchange, Naval support activity, Washington Navy Yard, District of Columbia (sec. 2845) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2824) that would authorize the Secretary of the Navy to convey one or more parcels of real property, as determined appropriate by the Secretary to protect the interests of the United States. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment. Land conveyance, Eglin Air Force Base, Florida (sec. 2846) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 2822) that would grant the Secretary of the Air Force permissive authority to convey 80 acres of land adjacent to Eglin Air Force Base to the Air Force Enlisted Village. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Air Force Enlisted Village to pay a fair market value for the specified land. Public inventory of Guam land parcels for transfer to Government of Guam (sec. 2847) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2827) that would require the Secretary of the Navy to establish, maintain, and regularly update an inventory of real property located on Guam owned by the U.S. Government and administered by the Department of the Navy, which the Secretary of the Navy expects to transfer to the Government of Guam. Such inventory shall be available online and accessible to the public and include specific information about each parcel of land included in the inventory. This section would also establish a formal process for the Governor of Guam to petition the Secretary of the Navy to add parcels to the inventory. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Modification of conditions on land conveyance, Joliet Army Ammunition Plant, Illinois (sec. 2848) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2828) that would amend section 2922(c) of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1996 (division B of Public Law 104–106) as amended by section 2842 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2000 (Public Law 106–55) to remove the restrictions on the origin of the waste contained in the landfill and to remove the date of closure of the landfill. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Land conveyance, Naval Academy dairy farm, Gambrills, Maryland (sec. 2849) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2829) that would authorize conveyance of 40 acres of land from the United States Naval Academy Dairy Farm to Anne Arundel County, Maryland, contingent on certain conditions and considerations. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Technical correction of description of Limestone Hills Training Area Land Withdrawal and Reservation, Montana (sec. 2850) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2830) that would amend section 2931 of the Military Construction Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (division B of Public Law 113–66) to adjust the acreage of withdrawn public land in Broadwater County, Montana. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Land conveyance, WasatchCache National Forest, Rich County, Utah (sec. 2851) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2830A) that would direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer ownership of 80 acres of public land to the Utah State University Research Foundation, a 501(c)(3) nonprofit. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Commemoration of Freedman’s Village (sec. 2852) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2830B) that would allow an easement of approximately 0.1 acre of land outside Arlington National Cemetery for the purpose of recognizing Freedman’s Village. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2831) that would allow an easement of no less than 0.1 acre of land outside Arlington National Cemetery and would name the gate for the purpose of recognizing Freedman’s Village. The House recedes. Subtitle D—Other Matters Defense community infrastructure pilot program (sec. 2861) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2841) that would amend section 2391 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Defense to make grants, conclude cooperative agreements, and supplement funds available under other Federal programs to assist States and local governments in addressing deficiencies in community infrastructure projects or facilities which are located outside of military installations but which support military installations. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2834) that would amend section 2391 of title 10, United States Code, by granting the Secretary of Defense permissive authority to make grants, conclude cooperative agreements, and supplement funds to assist State and local governments in addressing deficiencies in community infrastructure. The provision would require that the State or local government contribute not less than 30 percent of the funding for the community infrastructure project. The authority set forth in this provision would expire on September 30, 2023. The House recedes with a technical amendment that would include a 10–year sunset on the program and amend the reference population of ‘‘rural area’’ in the provision to be consistent with the number of inhabitants below an ‘‘urbanized area’’ as defined by the United States Census Bureau. The conferees note the importance of the communities that surround and support U.S. military installations and believe that this program can be of tremendous benefit to both the surrounding community and respective installations. Strategic plan to improve capabilities of Department of Defense training ranges and installations (sec. 2862) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 2832) that would require the Secretary of Defense, working through the Under Secretary of Defense for Acquisition and Sustainment, to develop a comprehensive strategic plan for using existing authorities to address training constraints to improve operations training capabilities requiring training enablers available in and outside the United States. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with a clarifying amendment that requires the strategic plan to include infrastructure requirements. Restrictions on use of funds for development of public infrastructure in Commonwealth of Northern Mariana Islands (sec. 2863) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2842) that would require the Secretary of Defense to convene an Economic Adjustment Committee meeting and describe assistance necessary to support changes in Department of Defense activities in the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in a report to the congressional defense committees. This section would also prohibit the Department of Defense from carrying out any grant, transfer, cooperative agreement, or supplemental funding that will result in the development of public infrastructure unless such project is included in the Economic Adjustment Committee report and specifically authorized by law. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Study and report on inclusion of Coleman Bridge, York River, Virginia in Strategic Highway Network (sec. 2864) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2843) that would require the Commander, U.S. Transportation Command, to review the feasibility of including the George P. Coleman Memorial Bridge near Naval Weapons Station, Yorktown, Virginia, in the Strategic Highways Network and to report his findings to the congressional defense committees not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. 
The Senate recedes with a technical amendment that would strike the findings. Defense access roads relating to closures due to sea level fluctuation and flooding (sec. 2865) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2848) that would amend section 210(a)(1) of title 23, United States Code to include closures due to sea level rise and flooding and would authorize the use of defense access roads funds to pay the cost of repairs as a result of or mitigations to prevent closure due to sea level rise or flooding. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment. Authority to transfer funds for construction of Indian River Bridge (sec. 2866) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 2835) that would grant the Secretary of Defense permissive authority to transfer up to 50 percent of the shared costs for the construction of the Indian River Bridge to the Administrator of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Plan to allow increased public access to the National Naval Aviation Museum and Barrancas National Cemetery, Naval Air Station Pensacola (sec. 2867) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 6803) that required the Secretary of the Navy to submit a plan to the congressional defense committees on allowing increased public access to the National Naval 
Aviation Museum and Barrancas National Cemetery. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  Treatment of leases of nonexcess property entered into with insured depository institutions The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2808) that would direct the Secretary concerned to accept financial services provided by an insured depository institution to servicemembers and employees of the Department of Defense as sufficient inkind consideration to cover all lease, services, and utilities costs assessed with regard to the leased property. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Promoting responsible leasing of property The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2816) that would require the service secretaries to certify that property already owned by the United States that would suit the purpose of the lease is not available before entering into a lease of real property. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Reports on buildings and facilities subject to exceptions to accessibility standards The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2817) that would require each concerned Secretary to submit an annual report for new construction that contains a list of each building or facility that is subject to certain exceptions to accessibility standards. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense not later than February 1, 2019 to deliver a report to the congressional defense committees listing each building or facility constructed or leased by the Secretary during fiscal years 2014 through 2018 which is subject to one of the accessibility standard exceptions as follows: (1) The building or facility is leased by the Secretary concerned on a temporary, emergency basis for the use of officials providing disaster assistance; (2) The building or facility is located in a foreign country and is constructed in whole or in part with funds provided by the United States, but the Secretary concerned does not control the design criteria and the building or facility is not required to comply with standards under the Architectural Barriers Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4151 et seq.); (3) The building or facility is located in a foreign country and is leased by the Secretary concerned; (4) The building or facility is subject to a waiver granted by the Principal Deputy Under Secretary of Defense who represents the Department of Defense on the United States Access Board. Authority for leasing real property at the Naval Air Station Key West, Florida The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2825) that would authorize the Secretary of the Navy to lease approximately 19 acres at the Naval Air Station Key West, Florida, for the purpose of constructing, operating, improving, and maintaining housing units under such terms as the Secretary considers appropriate. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note the Department already has authority to lease real property that has not been determined excess under title 10 section 2667, United States Code, to include authority to accept types of inkind consideration. However, the property in question remains in a hopelessly dilapidated and unusable state. The conferees assess that the Department has not managed this particular property in responsible manner, and urges the Department to leverage its entire inventory of surplus but not excess properties in support of sailors, marines, and their families around the world. Sense of Congress regarding land conveyance, Mountain View, California The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2826) that would express the sense of Congress that the Secretary of the Army should explore all possible alternatives to a conveyance of Shenandoah Square, including subleasing the property. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees note that the Secretary of the Army should explore alternatives to the conveyance of Shenandoah Square, including subleasing the property to an entity that can better develop affordable housing on the property. Indefinite duration of certain military land withdrawals and reservations and improved management of withdrawn and reserved lands The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2831) that would amend statutory authority for several military land withdrawals to extend the withdrawals indefinitely. This section would also amend section 670a of title 16, United States Code, to require the Secretary of the Interior and the concerned secretary of a military department to continuously review such withdrawals and would establish a public comment process regarding the resource management plans and military use of such lands. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Designation of potential wilderness area The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2832) that would allow the Secretary of the Interior to permit a microwave communications site on one acre of land within a federally protected wilderness area. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Native American Indian lands environmental mitigation program The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 2833) that would amend section 160 of title 10, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Defense to participate in a program to mitigate the environmental effects of defense activities on Indian lands and culturally connected locations. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Battleship preservation grant program The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2845) that would establish a grant program within the Department of the Interior for the preservation of historic battleships through fiscal year 2025. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Restrictions on rehabilitation of OvertheHorizon Backscatter Radar Station The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2846) that would restrict the use of funds or resources to rehabilitate the OvertheHorizon Backscatter Radar Station, unless those funds or resources are used to remove the perimeter fence surrounding it, until the date of the enactment of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2020. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Modification to First Division Monument The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2847) that would allow the Society of the First Infantry Division to make modifications to the First Division Monument located on Federal land in Presidential Park in District of Columbia. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Modification of boundaries of White Sands National Monument and White Sands Missile Range The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3549) that would modify the boundaries of the White Sands National Monument. This provision would convey 3,737 acres of land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of the Army. This provision would also convey 8,592 acres of land from the Secretary of the Army to the Secretary of the Interior. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2836) that would establish White Sands National Park and abolish White Sands National Monument. The establishment of a national park would increase the public recognition of the significant resources of White Sands. This provision would modify the boundary of White Sands National Park and convey 3,737 acres of land from the Secretary of the Interior to the Secretary of the Army. This provision would also convey 8,592 acres of land from the Secretary of the Army to the Secretary of the Interior. The conference agreement does not include either provision. Fees for medical services The House bill contained a provision (sec. 6101) that would authorize the Secretary of the Interior to collect fees for medical services provided by National Park Service. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Superior National Forest Land Exchange The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 7518) that would allow the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer of approximately 6,650 acres of the National Forest System land within the Superior National Forest to PolyMet Mining, Inc. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. TITLE XXIX—O VERSEAS CONTINGENCY  OPERATIONS MILITARY CONSTRUCTION  Summary The budget request included $921,420,000 for Overseas Contingency Operations military construction for fiscal year 2019. The conference agreement includes this amount for Overseas Contingency Operations military construction for fiscal year 2019. The conference agreement does not include an authorization or an authorization of appropriation for a HighValue Detainee Facility at Guantanamo Bay, Cuba. The conferees believe the Department of Defense did not provide sufficient justification for the need to construct a new, permanent facility with increased capacity and capabilities. In addition, the conferees note that while the current facility may not be ideally configured, it is still capable of meeting current and foreseeable detention requirements. As noted earlier in this report, the agreement transferred the following two military construction projects from the base budget request to Title XXIX, Overseas Contingency Operations Military Construction: Flightline 
Support Facilities at Al Udeid, Qatar and Personnel Deployment Processing Facility at Al Udeid, Qatar. Authorized Army construction and land acquisition projects (sec. 2901) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2901) that would contain the list of certain authorized Army construction projects for fiscal year 2019. These projects represent a binding list of the specific projects authorized at these locations. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2901). The House recedes. Authorized Navy construction and land acquisition projects (sec. 2902) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2902) that would contain the list of authorized Navy construction projects for fiscal year 2019. These projects represent a binding list of the specific projects authorized at these locations. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2902). The House recedes. Authorized Air Force construction and land acquisition projects (sec. 2903) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2903) that would contain the list of certain authorized Air Force construction projects for fiscal year 2019. These projects represent a binding list of the specific projects authorized at these locations. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2903). The House recedes with an amendment. Authorized defense agencies construction and land acquisition projects (sec. 2904) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2904) that would contain the list of authorized defense agencies’ construction projects for fiscal year 2019. These projects represent a binding list of the specific projects authorized at these locations. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2904). The House recedes. Authorization of appropriations (sec. 2905) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2905) that would authorize appropriations for Overseas Contingency Operations military construction at the levels identified in section 4602 of division D. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 2905). The House recedes. Restrictions on use of funds for planning and design costs of European Deterrence Initiative projects (sec. 2906) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 2906) that would limit the ability of the secretaries concerned from using any of the amounts authorized to be appropriated for planning and design of military construction projects requested under the European Deterrence Initiative until the Secretary of Defense submits a list of the military construction projects to support the European Deterrence Initiative that are anticipated during fiscal year 2019 and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. DIVISION C—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY AUTHORIZATIONS AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS TITLE XXXI—D EPARTMENT OF ENERGY  NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS  Subtitle A—National Security Programs Authorizations National Nuclear Security Administration (sec. 3101) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3101) that would authorize appropriations for the National Nuclear Security Administration for fiscal year 2019. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 3101). The House recedes with technical amendments. Defense environmental cleanup (sec. 3102) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3102) that would authorize the appropriation of funds for the Department of Energy’s defense environmental cleanup activities. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 3102). The House recedes. Other defense activities (sec. 3103) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3103) that would authorize appropriations for other defense activities of the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2019. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 3103). The House recedes. Nuclear energy (sec. 3104) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3104) that would authorize appropriations for certain nuclear energy programs for the Department of Energy for fiscal year 2019. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 3104). The House recedes. Subtitle B—Program Authorizations, Restrictions, and Limitations Development of lowyield nuclear weapons (sec. 3111) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3114) that would repeal section 3116 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 (Public Law 108–136), which prohibited the Secretary of Energy from commencing the engineering development phase, or any subsequent phase, of a lowyield nuclear weapon unless specifically authorized by Congress. The provision would also authorize the Secretary, acting through the Administrator for Nuclear Security, to carry out the engineering development phase, and any subsequent phase, to modify or develop a lowyield nuclear warhead for submarine launched ballistic missiles. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 3117) that would make a series of findings and modify section 3116 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2004 such that the Secretary would be required to specifically request funds for a lowyield nuclear weapon before commencing the engineering development phase, or any subsequent phase, on that weapon. The House recedes with amendments that would strike the findings and include the specific authorization contained in the House provision. The amendments would also modify section 4209(a)(1) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2529) to require that the Secretary only carry out nuclear weapon development or modification programs, regardless of yield, if funds have been authorized to be appropriated for such programs by an act of Congress. Department of Energy counterintelligence polygraph program (sec. 3112) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3112) that would amend section 4504b of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (Public Law 95– 238; 50 U.S.C 2654b) by authorizing the Secretary of Energy to add dual citizens to the Department of Energy counterintelligence polygraph program, for the purposes of assessing risk. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that specifies that this addition would only apply in the case of an authorized investigation. Inclusion of capital assets acquisition projects in activities by Director for Cost Estimating and Program Evaluation (sec. 3113) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3131) that would amend the responsibility of the Director for Cost Estimating and Program Evaluation at the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) to include cost estimation and program evaluation of acquisition of capital assets for atomic energy defense activities. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with amendments that would: clarify that nothing in this section shall be construed to require duplicate reviews or cost estimates by the NNSA or other elements of the Department of Energy; defer the effective date of this provision until 18 months from the date of enactment of this Act; and require a briefing by the Administrator for Nuclear Security and the Secretary of Energy not later than 1 year after the date of enactment on a plan for implementing this provision in a manner that avoids duplication of effort. Modification of authority for acceptance of contributions for acceleration of removal or security of fissile materials, radiological materials, and related equipment at vulnerable sites worldwide (sec. 3114) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 3116) that would amend section 3132(f)(7) of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 108–375) to extend the Secretary of Energy’s authority to accept, retain, and use contributions for the accelerated removal of and security for fissile materials, radiological materials, and related equipment at vulnerable sites worldwide through 2023. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would remove 30–day notifications to Congress for foreign contributions. Notification regarding air release of radioactive or hazardous material at Hanford Nuclear Reservation (sec. 3115) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3121) that would require the Assistant Secretary of Energy for Environmental Management to promptly notify and provide a briefing to the congressional defense committees after a release of contamination resulting from defense waste at the Hanford Site. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would modify the notification requirement to air releases of radioactive material or hazardous material released above statutory or regulatory limits and would clarify the notification timelines. Amendments to the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (sec. 3116) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 3113) that would permit the delegation of review under section 57b of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (Public Law 83–703), as amended (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)(2)), on a caseby case basis as consistent with the national security interests of the United States. The provision would also require that, during a review under section 57b of title 42, United States Code, if such a request is denied, the Department of Energy be told the reasons for denial during interagency review or, if the review period is extended, the reason for this extension, to be reported to the congressional defense committees on an annual basis. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would strike the subsection related to 
interagency consultations and clarify that authority regarding approval of technology transfers may not be delegated for technologies related to enrichment and reprocessing of special nuclear material nor for transfers of any technologies to any covered foreign country. The amendment would also clarify the reporting requirement relating to such delegations, remove the sense of the Senate on civil penalties for violations, and remove the requirement for the Secretary of Energy to revise regulations. The conferees agree that the Secretary of Energy has the authority to impose civil penalties for violations of section 57 b. (2) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42. U.S.C. 2077 (b(2)). Extension of enhanced procurement authority to manage supply chain risk (sec. 3117) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3113) that would extend the authority provided by section 2786 of title 50, United States Code, the authority for the Secretary of Energy to take certain actions with regard to the protection of the supply chain of the Department of Energy, for an additional 5 years, to June 30, 2023. The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 3114) that would extend the same authority for an additional 6 years. The Senate recedes. Hanford waste tank cleanup program (sec. 3118) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3120B) that would extend the Office of River Protection until 2024. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Use of funds for construction and project support activities relating to MOX facility (sec. 3119) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3115) that would require the Secretary of Energy to carry out construction and project support activities relating to the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility with any funds authorized to be appropriated by this Act or otherwise made available for such purposes for fiscal year 2019. The provision would allow the Secretary to waive this requirement if the Secretary submits to the congressional defense committees the matters described under section 3121(b)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018 (Public Law 115–91). The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 3118) that would prohibit the Department of Energy from obligating or expending any funds for fiscal year 2019 or prior fiscal years to terminate construction and project support activities at the Mixed Oxide Fuel Fabrication Facility or to convert such facility to be used for any purpose other than its original mission. The Senate recedes. Plutonium pit production (sec. 3120) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3120A) that would require the Secretary of Defense to enter into a contract with a federally funded research and development center (FFRDC) to conduct an assessment of the plutonium strategy of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA). In addition, the provision would require the Secretary of Energy to submit to the congressional defense committees not later than 180 days from the date of enactment of this Act a report on the plan for producing plutonium pits 31–80 at Los Alamos National Laboratory, in case the MOX facility is not operational and producing pits by 2030. The provision would also require the Secretary of Energy to submit an updated Statement of Mission Need by September 2020. Finally, the provision would require the Chairman of the Nuclear Weapons Council to submit annually to the Secretary of Defense, the Administrator for Nuclear Security, and the congressional defense committees a written certification that the plutonium pit production plan of the NNSA is on track to meet the military requirement of 80 pits per year by 2030, the statutory requirements for pit production timelines under section 4219 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2538a), and milestones for implementation of the NNSA’s plutonium strategy. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with amendments that would require the Secretary of Defense to consult with the Administrator for Nuclear Security in entering into the contract with the FFRDC and would modify the elements of the assessment. The amendments would also require that the FFRDC have full and direct access to all information related to pit production from the NNSA and from its management and operating contractors. The amendments would further modify the report regarding plutonium pit production at Los Alamos to require the Administrator for Nuclear Security to write the report and to require additional details on the plan to produce 30 pits per year by 2026. Finally, the amendments would strike the requirement to submit an updated Statement of Mission Need and add a requirement that the NNSA Director for Cost Estimation and Program Evaluation submit to the congressional defense committees an assessment of the NNSA report on pit production at Los Alamos, including an assessment of the impact of increased ARIES activity in support of the dilute and dispose program on the plutonium pit production mission. The conferees note that the Senate report accompanying S. 2987 (S. Rept. 115–262) of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 required a similar FFRDC assessment. The conferees intend for the requirement in this provision to replace the requirement in the Senate report rather than create a new requirement for another assessment. Finally, the conferees direct the Comptroller General of the United States to review the report required by subsection (c)(2) of this provision, specifically the assessment of the effect of increased ARIES activity on the plutonium pit production mission. The Comptroller General shall provide a briefing on this assessment to the House and Senate Armed Services Committees, with the scope of the assessment and the date of the briefing to be determined in consultation with the committees. Pilot program on conduct by Department of Energy of background reviews for access by certain individuals to national security laboratories (sec. 3121) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 3115) that would establish a pilot program for 2 years at the Department of Energy to independently conduct background reviews prior to admitting to national security laboratories citizens of nations on the current sensitive countries list. The provision would require the Federal Bureau of Investigation and the Director of National Intelligence to continue to conduct background reviews under section 4502(a) of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2652(a)) for the duration of the pilot program. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Prohibition on availability of funds for programs in Russian Federation (sec. 3122) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3116) that would prohibit obligation or expenditure of any funds for fiscal year 2019 for atomic energy defense activities to enter into a contract with, or otherwise provide assistance to, the Russian Federation. The provision would also provide for a waiver and would not apply to up to $3.0 million that the Secretary of Energy may make available for the Department of Energy’s Russian Health Studies Program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Prohibition on availability of funds for research and development of advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on lowenriched uranium (sec. 3123) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3117) that would prohibit the authorization or expenditure of any funds for fiscal year 2019 for the Department of Energy or the Department of Defense for research and development of an advanced naval nuclear fuel system based on lowenriched uranium (LEU). The provision contains an exception that would authorize, from within amounts made available for fiscal year 2019 for defense nuclear nonproliferation, $10.0 million to be made available to the Deputy Administrator for Naval Reactors for LEU activities. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that both Departments’ expertise in naval fuel requirements and design resides within the Naval Nuclear Propulsion Program. The conferees believe that funds authorized and appropriated for the purposes of research and design into the use of LEU in naval reactors are best spent in support of Naval Reactors’ activities at the Naval Nuclear Laboratory. Limitation on availability of funds relating to submission of annual reports on unfunded priorities (sec. 3124) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3118) that would prohibit the obligation or expenditure of funds authorized to be appropriated from the National Nuclear Security Administration’s Federal Salaries and Expenses account for travel and transportation of persons until the Administrator for Nuclear Security submits a report that contains at least one unfunded priority under section 4716 of the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. 2756). This provision would apply to each year from fiscal years 2020 through 2024. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would modify the prohibition such that not more than 65 percent of funds may be obligated or expended from this account until the report described above is submitted. Subtitle C—Plans and Reports Modifications to costbenefit analyses for competition of management and operating contracts (sec. 3131) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 3121) that would modify the requirement for the Administrator of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) to provide a report to the congressional defense committees containing a cost benefit analysis of competition of management and operating contracts for NNSA laboratories and production plants following each award of such a contract such that the report would be due 30 days after the transition to a new contract is complete. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with amendments that would extend the requirement through 2022 and add a requirement for the Administrator to provide a briefing no later than 7 days after the release of a request for proposal for any contract to manage and operate an 
NNSA facility. This briefing would provide a preliminary estimate of the costs and benefits of competing such contract. The amendment would also make a technical change that would transfer the entire requirement from the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239) into title 50 of United States Code. Nuclear forensics analyses (sec. 3132) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3120) that would require the Secretary of Energy, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security, to seek to enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences for an independent assessment of nuclear forensic analyses conducted by the Federal Government. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with a technical amendment. Review of defense environmental cleanup activities (sec. 3133) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 3122) that would require the Secretary of Energy to coordinate with the National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine on a review of the cleanup activities in the Office of Environmental Management. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment to include recommendations in the assessment that would enhance effectiveness and efficiency within the program. Whistleblower protections (sec. 3134) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3132) that would contain findings and express the sense of Congress regarding nuclear safety and require the Secretary of Energy to impose civil penalties on contractors, subcontractors, and suppliers for violations of Department of Energy rules, regulations, and orders relating to nuclear safety and radiation protection. The provision would also require the Secretary to define, within 120 days of enactment of this Act, what constitutes evidence of a chilled work environment with respect to employees and contractors making a whistleblower complaint and would require an annual congressional notification on the imposition of any penalties related to violations of rules, regulations, and orders by contractors, subcontractors, and suppliers. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with amendments that would strike the findings, strike the requirement to impose civil penalties as the Secretary or the Administrator determines appropriate and instead add it to the sense of Congress, and clarify the reporting requirement related to a chilled work environment. Implementation of Nuclear Posture Review by National Nuclear Security Administration (sec. 3135) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 3125) that would require the Administrator of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) to submit to the congressional defense committees a report on the implementation of the 2018 Nuclear Posture Review (NPR) by the NNSA. The report would identify specific actions associated with the NPR, including the office of primary responsibility for each action and key milestones associated with it. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the report to include the estimated cost of an action when available. Survey of workforce of national security laboratories and nuclear weapons production facilities (sec. 3136) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 3123) that would require the Administrator of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) to submit to the congressional defense committees a proposal to conduct a survey, similar to the Federal Employee Viewpoint Survey, of the employees of the NNSA laboratories and production plants. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would add a requirement for the Administrator to consider in her report the value of the survey in light of other tools for gathering similar data on workforce issues in order to avoid unnecessary duplication. Elimination of certain reports (sec. 3137) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 3124) that would eliminate certain reporting requirements for the Department of Energy’s Environmental Management Office. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment to preserve the futureyears defense environmental management plan and to keep the certification requirements for waste shipments to the Waste Isolation Pilot Plant until fiscal year 2019. Subtitle D—Other Matters Acceleration of replacement of cesium blood irradiation sources (sec. 3141) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3119) that would require the Administrator for the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) to ensure that the goal of the Cesium Irradiator Replacement Program and the Offsite Source Recovery Program is the elimination of the use in the United States of blood irradiation devices that rely on cesium chloride by December 31, 2027. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would require the Administrator for NNSA to identify in a reporting requirement the disposal pathway for cesium chloride sources. Sense of Congress regarding compensation of individuals relating to uranium mining and nuclear testing (sec. 3142) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3122) that would state the sense of Congress that the United States should compensate and recognize all of the miners, workers, downwinders, and others suffering from the effects of uranium mining and nuclear testing carried out during the Cold War. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment that would make a series of related findings regarding the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act (Public Law 101–426) and the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act of 2000 (Public Law 106– 398). The amendment would also acknowledge that, as of the date of enactment of this Act, more than 150,231 claims have been paid out for a total of $17.4 billion in lump sum compensation and medical expenses under these two Acts. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  Security clearance for dual nationals employed by National Nuclear Security Agency The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3111) that would authorize the Secretary of Energy to apply additional security reviews to dual citizens seeking positions that require access to highly classified information. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees expect an appropriate level of vetting of all personnel with access to classified information, and encourage the Secretary to pay particular attention to the vetting of dual nationals. Manufacturing Trades Education Grant Program The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3120C) that would authorize the Secretary of Energy to establish the Manufacturing Trades Education Grant Program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees recognize the importance of technical skillsbased training, including apprenticeship and preapprenticeship programs, and supports efforts to strengthen these programs. The conferees encourage further work with the Secretary of Energy on these efforts, and encourage the Secretary to continue to use such programs to further the missions of the Department of Energy and National Nuclear Security Administration. Clarification of roles and authorities of National Nuclear Security Administration The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 3111) that would clarify the roles and authorities of the National Nuclear Security Administration (NNSA) through a series of amendments to the National Nuclear Security Administration Act (50 U.S.C. Ch. 41) and the Atomic Energy Defense Act (50 U.S.C. Ch. 42). The provision would also make several technical corrections to the Atomic Energy Defense Act and remove the cap imposed on the number of fulltime equivalent federal employees at the NNSA by section 3241A of the NNSA Act (50 U.S.C. 2441a). The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. The conferees note that similar legislation was considered in the course of the drafting of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 (Public Law 112–239). The statement of managers accompanying that Act noted that there was ‘‘widespread recognition that the current system for governance, management, and oversight of the nuclear security enterprise is broken.’’ The same statement noted similar conclusions made by the 2009 Congressional Commission on the Strategic Posture of the United States and several other bipartisan or nonpartisan organizations. Additional studies and commissions have agreed in the years since. The National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2013 also created a bipartisan advisory commission to provide ‘‘actionable recommendations that directly address the host of systemic problems identified by previous studies and by the conferees,’’ later known as the AugustineMies Panel. In 2014, this panel recommended a sweeping series of major changes at NNSA and the Department of Energy more broadly, including renaming the Department to be the ‘‘Department of Energy and Nuclear Security,’’ more fully integrating the NNSA into the Department, elevating the NNSA Administrator to the level of Deputy Secretary, and other actions to address deeprooted cultural problems. The conferees note that a lack of consensus among the Department and the many congressional committees of jurisdiction prevented most of the major recommendations from being implemented, while others have languished in the bureaucracy or have been implemented without sufficient efforts to measure success. The conferees appreciate the work of the ongoing joint National Academies of Sciences, Engineering, and Medicine 
(NAS) and National Academy of Public Administration (NAPA) panel created by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) to assess the NNSA’s and the Department’s progress in implementing prior recommendations, and note that the panel’s most recent interim report concludes that activities to implement prior reform recommendations have not been ‘‘rooted in an adequate foundation of strategic thinking.’’ The conferees note that the Augustine Mies Panel concluded that, if ‘‘significant progress [was] not made within the next two years,’’ the ‘‘only remaining course of action—and a clearly inferior one—is to remove [NNSA] from what is now the Department of Energy and establish it as an autonomous, independent organization.’’ The conferees note that almost 4 years have elapsed since the AugustineMies Panel made its recommendations, and almost 6 years have elapsed since the 2013 statement of managers described the nuclear security enterprise as ‘‘broken.’’ While disagreement remains with some of the specific conclusions of the panel, the conferees have not witnessed significant progress—only ‘‘changes on the margins,’’ as anticipated by the 2013 conferees. Continued cost overruns on major projects, critical capital acquisition decisions mired in dispute, ongoing safety and security concerns, and delayed infrastructure modernization projects indicate that significant progress has not been made. The conferees expect that the joint NAS/ NAPA panel will conclude its work in 2020. Rather than allowing the panel’s reports and recommendations to languish along with over two decades of studies and commissions on this subject, the conferees believe that, at that time, the appropriate committees must work with the Department and the NNSA to consider major reforms to the governance of the nuclear security enterprise, but stress that a return to previous, failed models of organization and management are unlikely to be an acceptable option. Finally, the conferees also note that a significant recommendation of the Augustine Mies Panel was to ‘‘solidify Cabinet Secretary ownership of the mission’’ of the NNSA. As long as the NNSA remains part of the Department of Energy under the current construct of the NNSA Act, the conferees expect appropriate levels of engagement by the Secretary of Energy, the Deputy Secretary of Energy, and the Administrator for Nuclear Security with the committees of jurisdiction on priority atomic energy defense programs to ensure that the NNSA meets the military requirements set by the Department of Defense while making efficient and responsible use of taxpayer dollars. National Nuclear Security Administration Personnel System The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 3112) that would make permanent the personnel demonstration project carried out by the National Nuclear Security Administration since 2008. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Assessment regarding eligibility for compensation for compensable diseases under Radiation Exposure Compensation Act The House bill contained a provision (sec. 1087) that would require the National Cancer Institute and the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention to assess the application of probability of causation/assigned share (PC/ AS) to determine eligibility for compensation for compensable diseases under the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The House recedes. The conferees direct the Attorney General, not later than 120 days after the enactment of this Act, to submit a report to Congress on the feasibility and advisability of the application of PC/AS to determine eligibility for compensation for compensable diseases under the Radiation Exposure Compensation Act. Additional amounts for inertial confinement fusion and high yield program The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 7101) that would authorize $100.0 million in additional funds for the Department of Energy’s initial confinement fusion and high yield program. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. TITLE XXXII—D EFENSE NUCLEAR FACILITIES  SAFETY BOARD  Authorization (sec. 3201) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3201) that would authorize funding for the Defense Nuclear Facilities Safety Board at $31.2 million, consistent with the budget request. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 3201). The conference agreement includes this provision. TITLE XXXIV—N AVAL PETROLEUM RESERVES  Authorization of appropriations (sec. 3401) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3401) that would authorize funds for the purpose of carrying out activities under chapter 641 of title 10, United States Code, relating to the naval petroleum reserves. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. TITLE XXXV—M ARITIME MATTERS  Subtitle A—Maritime Administration Authorization of the Maritime Administration (sec. 3501) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3501) that would authorize appropriations of the Department of Transportation for fiscal year 2019 for programs associated with maintaining the United States merchant marine, including authorizations for: the United States Merchant Marine Academy (USMMA); State maritime academies; National Security MultiMission Vessel; Maritime Administration (MARAD) operations and programs; disposal of vessels in the National Defense Reserve Fleet (NDRF); Title XI loan program; and Small Shipyards Grant program. The Senate amendment contained similar provisions (sec. 3501, 7501, and 7502) that would authorize appropriations for most of the same programs at, generally, different authorization levels. The Senate amendment would also include a setaside for port infrastructure development within MARAD operations and programs. The Senate amendment would also require a report on the status of unexpended appropriations for capital asset management at the USMMA, and the plan for expending such appropriations. The House recedes with an amendment that would adopt Senate authorization levels for: State maritime academies, the National Security MultiMission Vessel program; and MARAD operations and programs. It would adopt the Senate provisions on port infrastructure development and the capital assessment management program report. It would adopt House authorization levels on the USMMA, and it would reiterate the authorization of the Small Shipyards Grant program in a manner similar to the House bill. It would set a compromise authorization level on disposal of vessels in the NDRF. Compliance by Ready Reserve Fleet vessels with SOLAS lifeboats and fire suppression requirements (sec. 3502) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3502) that would require the Secretary of Defense to incorporate lifeboat and fire suppression standards associated with the International Convention for the Safety of Life at Sea for Ready Reserve Fleet vessels that are planned to be retained by the Secretary beyond October 1, 2026. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Maritime Administration National Security MultiMission Vessel Program (sec. 3503) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3503) that would limit the Maritime Administration from procuring used training vessels for the National Security MultiMission Vessel Program. Nothing in this provision would apply to the procurement of a used vessel, including a used vessel intended for State maritime academy training, that is not a national security multimission vessel under section 3505 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328). The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Permanent authority of Secretary of Transportation to issue vessel war risk insurance (sec. 3504) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3504) that would amend chapter 539 of title 46, United States Code, to make permanent the authority of the Secretary of Transportation to provide vessel war risk insurance. The Senate amendment contained an identical provision (sec. 7515). The conference agreement includes this provision. Use of State maritime academy training vessels (sec. 3505) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3505) that would require the Secretary, acting through the Maritime Administrator and in consultation with the State maritime academies (SMAs), to implement a program of vessel capacity sharing among the SMAs as necessary to ensure that training needs of each academy are met. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision, which would, among other differences with the House bill, clarify that the program shall be implemented upon consultation with the maritime academies and to the extent feasible with the consent of the maritime academies. The House recedes with an amendment that would, subject to the availability of appropriations, authorize the Maritime Administrator to provide additional funding to the SMAs during periods of limited training vessel capacity, for costs associated with training vessel sharing. Concurrent jurisdiction (sec. 3506) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 7503) that would allow the Secretary of Transportation to relinquish, at the Secretary’s discretion, certain jurisdiction over the United States Merchant Marine Academy to local law enforcement, as necessary, to enable concurrent jurisdiction with the State of New York. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. United States Merchant Marine Academy policy on sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking (sec. 3507) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 7504) that would amend section 
51318 of title 46, United States Code, to update the United States Merchant Marine Academy policy on sexual harassment, dating violence, domestic violence, sexual assault, and stalking. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report on implementation of recommendations for the United States Merchant Marine Academy Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program (sec. 3508) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 7505) that would require the Maritime Administrator to submit to Congress a report describing the progress of the Maritime Administration in implementing and completing each of the recommendations made in the Department of Transportation Office of Inspector General’s report identifying gaps in the United States Merchant Marine Academy’s Sexual Assault Prevention and Response Program. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Report on the application of the Uniform Code of Military Justice to the United States Merchant Marine Academy (sec. 3509) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 7506) that would require a report on impediments to the application of the Uniform Code of Military Justice at the United States Merchant Marine Academy. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Electronic records on mariner availability to meet national security needs (sec. 3510) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 7507) that would require the Secretary of Homeland Security to coordinate with the Secretary of Transportation to ensure that electronic records provide information on mariner availability to meet national security needs for credentialed mariners crewing strategic sealift vessels. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would require the Secretary of the Department in which the Coast Guard is operating to ensure that these records are able to be used by the Secretary of Transportation to: (1) Determine the potential availability of mariners to meet national security sealift needs; and (2) Receive information on the qualification of such mariners. Small shipyard grants (sec. 3511) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 7508) that would require the Maritime Administrator to post a notice of funding opportunity regarding assistance for small shipyards under section 54101 of title 46, United States Code, not more than 15 days after the date of enactment of the relevant appropriations Act for the fiscal year. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Sea year on contracted vessels (sec. 3512) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 7510) that would allow the Secretary of Transportation to meet United States Merchant Marine Academy (USMMA) cadet Sea Year training needs by requiring two USMMA cadets, if available, to be placed on each Maritime Security Program (MSP) and Military Sealift Command (MSC) vessel. The provision would allow the Commander of the MSC to waive the MSCrelated requirements at any time if the Commander determines such placement would create an undue burden on the vessel. This provision would not affect the discretion of the Secretary to determine whether to place a USMMA cadet on a vessel; the Secretary would retain discretion to determine whether a cadet is available to be placed on an MSP or MSC vessel. The provision also would not affect the authority of the Coast Guard regarding a vessel security plan approved under section 70103 of title 46, United States Code. Finally, the provision would not affect the discretion of the master of the vessel to ensure the safety of all crew members. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. GAO report on national maritime strategy (sec. 3513) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 7511) that would require the Comptroller General to submit to Congress a report on national maritime strategy, including the following: (1) Key challenges, if any, to ensuring that the U.S. marine transportation system and merchant marine are sufficient to support U.S. economic and defense needs; (2) The extent to which a national maritime strategy incorporates desirable characteristics of successful national strategies; and (3) The extent to which Federal efforts to establish national maritime strategy are duplicative or fragmented. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would: (1) Require the due date for the Government Accountability Office report to be 12 months after the date of enactment of this Act, and (2) Update the due date for the national maritime strategy required under section 603 of the Howard Coble Coast Guard and Maritime Transportation Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–281) to be 18 months after enactment of this Act. Multiyear contracts (sec. 3514) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 7513) that would clarify that nothing in the existing contracting authority for the National Security MultiMission Vessel Program, as codified in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328), may be construed to prohibit the Maritime Administration (MARAD) from entering into a multiyear contract for the procurement of up to five new vessels within the National Security MultiMission Vessel Program. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes with an amendment that would clarify nothing in that existing authority may be construed to prohibit the entity responsible for contracting from entering into a multiple year or block contract for the procurement of up to six new vessels and associated government furnished equipment, subject to the availability of appropriations. Miscellaneous (sec. 3515) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3533) that would amend multiple sections of title 14, United States Code, with various technical changes. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Department of Transportation Inspector General report on Title XI program (sec. 3516) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 7512) that would require the Department of Transportation (DOT) Office of Inspector General to submit to Congress a report on the financial controls and protections included in the policies and procedures of the DOT for approving loan applications for the Title XI Program. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Subtitle B—Coast Guard Alignment with Department of Defense and sea services authorities (sec. 3521) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3521) that would require the Coast Guard to notify Congress if there is not in effect any general order or regulation prohibiting sexual harassment by members of the Coast Guard and that the violation of such order or regulation is punishable in accordance with the Uniform Code of Military Justice. The notification is required to include the status of the drafting of such a regulation, the projected implementation timeline, and an explanation of any barriers to implementation. The provision also would add sexual harassment as part of the Coast Guard’s annual report on sexual assault, and it also would add a requirement for the Coast Guard to submit to Congress an annual update on Coast Guard mission performance during the previous year. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Preliminary development and demonstration (sec. 3522) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3522) that would amend section 573 of title 14, United States Code, to clarify the process to report safety concerns found either by an independent third party or a Government employee for acquisition programs or projects or a capability or asset or any subsystem of a capability or asset not previously identified during operational test and evaluation of a capability or asset already in low, initial or fullrate production. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Contract termination (sec. 3523) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3523) that would amend chapter 17 of title 14, United States Code, by inserting a new section 657 to establish a process for contract cancellation, including requiring the Coast Guard to notify each vendor when it terminates a procurement or acquisition contact with a total value of more than $1.0 million and that such vendors are required to maintain all work product related to the contract for at least one year. Additionally, the Coast Guard shall provide an annual report to Congress on terminated contracts. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with an amendment. Reimbursement for travel expenses (sec. 3524) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3524) that would amend section 518 of title 14, United States Code, to state that a covered beneficiary and their dependents residing on an island located in the 48 contiguous States and the District of Columbia that lacks public access roads to the mainland, shall be reimbursed for reasonable travel expenses for medical services when referred by a primary care physician to a physician on the mainland or the Coast Guard medical regional manager for the area determines medical services cannot be provided on the island. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Capital investment plan (sec. 3525) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3525) that would amend section 2902(a) of title 14, United States Code, to change the date when the Capital Investment shall be reported to Congress to require reporting on projected commissioning and decommissioning dates for each asset. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. 
The Senate recedes. Major acquisition program risk assessment (sec. 3526) The House amendment contained a provision (sec. 3526) that would amend chapter 29 of title 14, United States Code, to add a section on major acquisition program risk assessment stating that twice a year the Coast Guard shall provide to Congress a briefing regarding a current assessment of risks associated with all current major acquisition programs, including breach of program schedule or costs. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Marine safety implementation status (sec. 3527) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3527) that would state that the Coast Guard shall submit a report to Congress on the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget for fiscal year 2020 and for the following two years on the implementation of each action outlined in the Commandant’s final action memo from December 19, 2017. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Retirement of Vice Commandant (sec. 3528) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3528) that would amend section 46 of title 14, United States Code, to state that a Vice Commandant who is not reappointed or appointed Commandant shall retire with the grade of admiral. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Large recreational vessel regulations (sec. 3529) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3529) that would require the Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating through the Commandant of the Coast Guard to establish a code for certification of certain large recreational vessels. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes with amendment that would provide an interim process for large recreational vessels while the Coast Guard is developing the new certification process. It would also clarify that those vessels must be used exclusively for private use, not carry any cargo or passengers for hire, and limit application of the provision to U.S.owned vessels. Subtitle C—Coast Guard and Shipping Technical Corrections Chapter 1—Coast Guard Commandant defined (sec. 3531) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3531) that would amend chapter 1 of title 14, United States Code, to add a section with the definition of the Commandant as the ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’. Throughout title 14, ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’ is replaced with ‘‘Commandant’’. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Training course on workings of Congress (sec. 3532) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3532) that would amend section 60(d) of title 14, United States Code, by striking an outdated training requirement and stating that a Coast Guard flag officer or Coast Guard Senior Executive Service employee working in the National Capital Region shall complete a training course on the workings of Congress not later than 60 days after reporting for duty. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Miscellaneous (sec. 3533) The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 7517) that would clarify the definition of commercial vessel for the purposes of United States Merchant Marine Academy (USMMA) training requirements and that would streamline sexual assault training recordkeeping. The provision also would allow the Secretary of Commerce to waive bond requirements for certain vessel repairs, similar to authority already granted the Secretary of Transportation. Finally, the provision would remove certain funding limitations for State Maritime Academies, in a manner consistent with overall appropriation levels, as long as such academies meet certain admissions requirements. The House bill contained no similar provision. The House recedes. Department of Defense consultation (sec. 3534) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3534) that would amend section 566 of title 14, United States Code, to change ‘‘enter into’’ to ‘‘maintain’’ the memorandum of understanding with the Navy for technical assistance. This section would also amend section 566 of title 14, United States Code, to remove language for an already delivered onetime report on Coast Guard acquisitions. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Repeal (sec. 3535) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3535) that would strike section 568 of title 14, United States Code, to remove guidance on excessive passthrough charges related to the longdefunct Deepwater acquisition program. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Mission need statement (sec. 3536) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3536) that would amend section 569 of title 14, United States Code, to appear after section 2904 and renumber this section. This section would also amend subsection (a) in section 2904 of title 14, United States Code, as so redesignated, to strike ‘‘, on the date on which the President submits to Congress a budget for fiscal year 2019 under such section,’’ and replace ‘‘for fiscal year 2016’’ with ‘‘for fiscal year 2019’’. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Continuation on active duty (sec. 3537) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3537) that would amend section 290(a) of title 14, United States Code, to change ‘‘Officers, other than the Commandant, serving’’ to ‘‘Officers serving’’ in or above the grade of vice admiral are not subject to consideration for continuation under this subsection. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. System acquisition authorization (sec. 3538) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3538) that would amend section 2701(2) of title 14, United States Code, to change ‘‘and aircraft’’ to ‘‘aircraft, and systems’’ for the requirement for prior authorization of appropriations. This section would also amend section 2702(2) of title 14, United States Code, to change ‘‘and aircraft’’ to ‘‘aircraft, and systems’’ for the appropriations. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Inventory of real property (sec. 3539) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3539) that would amend section 679(a) of title 14, United States Code, to change ‘‘not later than September 30, 2015, the Commandant shall establish’’ to ‘‘The Commandant shall maintain’’ the inventory of real property. This section would also amend section 679(b) of title 14, United States Code, to state that the Commandant shall update inventory of real property not later than 30 days after any change to control of such property. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Chapter 2—Maritime Transportation Definitions (sec. 3541) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3541) that would amend section 2101 of title 46, United States Code, to add the definition of the Commandant as the ‘‘Commandant of the Coast Guard’’, redesignate existing definitions, and update all crossreferences to the definitions in section 2101 of title 46, United States Code, throughout the code. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Authority to exempt vessels (sec. 3542) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3542) that would amend section 2113 of title 46, United States Code, to strike subsections (4) and (5) and replace with a new subsection (4) to state that the Secretary may maintain different structural fire protection, manning, operating, and equipment requirements for vessels. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Passenger vessels (sec. 3543) 
The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3543) that would amend section 3507 of title 46, United States Code, to strike subsection (a)(3) pertaining to an expired effective date, clarify subsection (e)(2) by changing ‘‘services confidential’’ to ‘‘services as confidential’’, and, in subsection (i), replace ‘‘Within 6 months after the date of enactment of the Cruise Vessel Security and Safety Act of 2010, the Secretary shall issue’’ with ‘‘The Secretary shall maintain’’ for procedures related to passenger vessel security and safety requirements. This section would also amend section 3508 of title 46, United States Code, to strike subsection (d) and removes outdated requirements in subsections (a), (c), and (e), as redesignated by the section. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Tank vessels (sec. 3544) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3544) that would amend section 3703a, 3705 and 3706 of title 46, United States Code, to remove outdated requirements. It would also amend section 1001(32)(A) of the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701(32)(a)) to remove an outdated crossreference. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Grounds for denial or revocation (sec. 3545) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3545) that would amend section 7503a and 7704 of title 46, United States Code, to renumber the subsections after striking previously repealed subsection (a) in each section. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Miscellaneous corrections to title 46, U.S.C. (sec. 3546) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3546) that would amend miscellaneous sections of title 46, United States Code, to remove outdated requirements, redesignate subsections, and update crossreferences. 
The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Miscellaneous corrections to Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (sec. 3547) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3547) that would amend the Oil Pollution Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2701) to remove outdated requirements, redesignate subsections, and update crossreferences. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Miscellaneous corrections (sec. 3548) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 3548) that would amend: section 1 of the Act of June 15, 1917 (chapter 30; 50 U.S.C. 191) to replace the ‘‘Secretary of Transportation’’ with the ‘‘Secretary of the department in which the Coast Guard is operating.’’; section 5(b) of the Act entitled ‘‘An Act to regulate the construction of bridges over navigable waters’’, approved March 23, 1906 (chapter 1130; 33 U.S.C. 495(b)) to remove outdated requirements; and section 5(f) of the Act to Prevent Pollution from Ships (33 U.S.C. 1904(f)) to remove outdated crossreferences. The Senate amendment contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. LEGISLATIVE PROVISIONS NOTADOPTED  Domestic ship recycling facilities The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 7509) that would establish a streamlined process for obtaining consent from the Environmental Protection Agency to import vessels containing regulated levels of polychlorinated biphenyl into the United States for recycling. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Navigation system study and report The Senate amendment contained a provision (sec. 7516) that would require the Government Accountability Office to conduct a comprehensive study of the Great Lakes— Saint Lawrence Seaway navigation system that examines the current state of the system and makes recommendations for improvements. The House bill contained no similar provision. The Senate recedes. Coast Guard Authorization Act of 2018 The House bill contained a division (Division D) that would authorize certain aspects of the Coast Guard. The Senate amendment contained no similar provisions. The House recedes. DIVISION D—FUNDING TABLES Authorization of amounts in funding tables (sec. 4001) The House bill contained a provision (sec. 7001) that would provide for the allocation of funds among programs, projects, and activities in accordance with the tables in division D of this Act, subject to reprogramming guidance in accordance with established procedures. Consistent with the previously expressed views of the committee, the provision would also require that decisions by an agency head to commit, obligate, or expend funds to a specific entity on the basis of such funding tables be based on authorized, transparent, statutory criteria, or meritbased selection procedures in accordance with the requirements of sections 2304(k) and 2374 of title 10, United States Code, and other applicable provisions of law. The Senate amendment contained a similar provision (sec. 4001). The House recedes. 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 —Continued 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 —Continued 
SUMMARY OF NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATIONS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 —Continued 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4101. PROCUREMENT (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4102. PROCUREMENT FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost Qty Cost 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4201. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4202. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST, AND EVALUATION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Program Element Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4301. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS. 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4302. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Line Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4401. MILITARY PERSONNEL (In Thousands of Dollars) Item FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program Title FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4501. OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program Title FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/ Country Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
Army Alabama Anniston Army Depot Weapon Maintenance Shop 5,200 5,200 5,200 5,200 Army California Fort Irwin Multipurpose Range Complex 29,000 29,000 29,000 29,000 Army Colorado Fort Carson Vehicle Maintenance Shop 77,000 77,000 77,000 77,000 Army Georgia Fort Gordon Cyber Instructional Fac and Network Ctr 99,000 99,000 99,000 99,000 Army Germany East Camp Grafenwoehr Mission Training Complex 31,000 31,000 31,000 31,000 Army Hawaii Fort Shafter Command and Control Facility, Incr 4 105,000 95,000 105,000 105,000 Army Hawaii Wheeler Army Airfield Rotary Wing Parking Apron 0 0 50,000 50,000 50,000 Army Honduras Soto Cano Air Base Barracks 21,000 21,000 21,000 21,000 Army Indiana Crane Army Ammuni tion Plant Railcar Holding Area 16,000 16,000 16,000 16,000 Army Kentucky Fort Campbell Microgird and Power Plant 0 18,000 18,000 18,000 18,000 Army Kentucky Fort Campbell Vehicle Maintenance Shop 32,000 32,000 32,000 32,000 Army Kentucky Fort Knox Digital Air/Ground Integration Range 26,000 26,000 26,000 26,000 Army Korea Camp Tango Command and Control Facility 17,500 17,500 17,500 17,500 Army Kuwait Camp Arifjan Vehicle Maintenance Shop 44,000 44,000 44,000 44,000 Army Maryland Fort Meade Cantonment Area Roads 0 16,500 0 16,500 16,500 Army New Jersey Picatinny Arsenal Munitions Disassembly Complex 41,000 41,000 41,000 41,000 Army New Mexico White Sands Missile Range Information Systems Facility 40,000 40,000 40,000 40,000 Army New York U.S. Military Academy Engineering Center 95,000 95,000 95,000 95,000 Army New York U.S. Military Academy Parking Structure 65,000 65,000 65,000 65,000 Army North Carolina Fort Bragg Dining Facility 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 Army South Carolina Fort Jackson Trainee Barracks Complex 3, Ph2 52,000 52,000 52,000 52,000 Army Texas Fort Bliss Supply Support Activity 24,000 24,000 24,000 24,000 Army Texas Fort Hood Supply Support Activity 0 9,600 9,600 9,600 9,600 Army Virginia Arlington National Cemetery Arlington National Cemetery (DAR) 0 0 30,000 30,000 30,000 Army Worldwide Unspecified Unspecified Worldwide Locations Force Protection and Safety 0 50,000 0 35,000 35,000 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/ Country Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/ Country Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/ Country Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/ Country Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
DefWide Missouri St Louis Next NGA West (N2W) Complex Phase 2 Inc. 1 110,000 110,000 110,000 110,000 DefWide New Jersey Joint Base McGuire DixLakehurst Hot Cargo Hydrant System Replacement 10,200 10,200 10,200 10,200 DefWide North Carolina Fort Bragg SOF Replace Training Maze and Tower 12,109 12,109 12,109 12,109 DefWide North Carolina Fort Bragg SOF SERE Resistance Training Lab. Complex 20,257 20,257 20,257 20,257 DefWide North Carolina New River Amb Care Center/Dental Clinic Replacement 32,580 32,580 32,580 32,580 DefWide Oklahoma McAlester Bulk Diesel System Replacement 7,000 7,000 7,000 7,000 DefWide South Carolina MCAS Beaufort Electrical Hardening and Black Start CHP Sys tem 0 0 22,402 0 DefWide Texas Camp Mabry Install Microgrid 0 0 5,500 0 DefWide Texas Joint Base San Antonio Energy Aerospace Operations Facility 10,200 10,200 10,200 10,200 DefWide Texas Red River Army Depot General Purpose Warehouse 71,500 71,500 71,500 71,500 DefWide United Kingdom Croughton RAF Ambulatory Care Center Addition/Alteration 10,000 0 0 –10,000 0 DefWide Virginia Fort A.P. Hill Training Campus 11,734 11,734 11,734 11,734 DefWide Virginia Fort Belvoir Human Performance Training Center 6,127 6,127 6,127 6,127 DefWide Virginia Humphreys Engineer Center Maintenance and Supply Facility 20,257 20,257 20,257 20,257 DefWide Virginia Joint Base Langley Eustis Fuel Facilities Replacement 6,900 6,900 6,900 6,900 DefWide Virginia Joint Base Langley Eustis Ground Vehicle Fueling Facility Replacement 5,800 5,800 5,800 5,800 DefWide Virginia NAS Oceana Super Flight Line Electrical Distribtion System (FLEDS) 0 0 2,520 0 DefWide Virginia Pentagon Exterior Infrastruc. & Security Improvements 23,650 23,650 23,650 23,650 DefWide Virginia Pentagon North Village VACP & Fencing 12,200 12,200 12,200 12,200 DefWide Virginia Traning Center Dam Neck SOF Magazines 8,959 8,959 8,959 8,959 DefWide Washington Joint Base Lewis McChord Refueling Facility 26,200 26,200 26,200 26,200 DefWide Worldwide Unspecified Unspecified Worldwide Locations Contingency Construction 10,000 0 10,000 –10,000 0 DefWide Worldwide Unspecified Unspecified Worldwide Locations Energy Resilience and Conserv. Invest. Prog. 150,000 165,000 150,000 43,390 193,390 DefWide Worldwide Unspecified Unspecified Worldwide Locations ERCIP Design 10,000 10,000 15,000 5,000 15,000 DefWide Worldwide Unspecified Unspecified Worldwide Locations Exercise Related Minor Construction 12,479 12,479 12,479 12,479 DefWide Worldwide Unspecified Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design 55,925 55,925 55,925 55,925 DefWide Worldwide Unspecified Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design 496 496 496 496 DefWide Worldwide Unspecified Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design 2,036 2,036 2,036 2,036 DefWide Worldwide Unspecified Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design 14,300 14,300 14,300 14,300 DefWide Worldwide Unspecified Unspecified Worldwide Locations Planning and Design 14,184 14,184 14,184 –8,000 6,184 DefWide Worldwide Unspecified Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction 5,000 5,000 5,000 5,000 DefWide Worldwide Unspecified Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction 10,000 10,000 10,000 10,000 DefWide Worldwide Unspecified Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction 13,642 13,642 13,642 13,642 DefWide Worldwide Unspecified Unspecified Worldwide Locations Unspecified Minor Construction 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 DefWide Worldwide Unspecified Various Worldwide Locations Planning & Design 42,705 42,705 42,705 42,705 DefWide Worldwide Unspecified 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/ Country Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
Base Aerial Port Facility 0 9,400 9,400 9,400 9,400 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/ Country Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/ Country Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4601. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/ Country Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4602. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION FOR OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS (In Thousands of Dollars) Account State/ Country Installation Project Title FY 2019 Request Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
SEC. 4701. DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY NATIONAL SECURITY PROGRAMS (In Thousands of Dollars) Program FY 2019 Request House Authorized Senate Authorized Conference Change Conference Authorized 
From the Committee on Armed Services, for consideration of the House bill and the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: MACTHORNBERRY , JOEWILSON of South Carolina, FRANK A. L OBIONDO , ROBBISHOP of Utah, MICHAEL R. T URNER , MIKEROGERS of Alabama, BILLSHUSTER , K. MICHAEL CONAWAY , DOUGLAMBORN , ROBERT J. W ITTMAN , MIKECOFFMAN , VICKY HARTZLER , AUSTIN SCOTT of Georgia, PAULCOOK, BRADLEY BYRNE , ELISE M. S TEFANIK , DONBACON , JIMBANKS of Indiana, ADAMSMITH of Washington, SUSAN A. D AVIS of California, JAMES R. L ANGEVIN , JIMCOOPER , MADELEINE Z. B ORDALLO , JOECOURTNEY , NIKITSONGAS , JOHNGARAMENDI , MARCA. V EASEY , TULSI GABBARD , BETOO’ROURKE , STEPHANIE N. M URPHY of Florida, As additional conferees from the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence, for consideration of matters within the jurisdiction of that committee under clause 11 of rule X: DEVIN NUNES , CHRIS STEWART , As additional conferees from the Committee on the Budget, for consideration of secs. 1252 and 1523 of the House bill, and secs. 4, 1002, 1032, and 1721 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: STEVE WOMACK , As additional conferees from the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for consideration of secs. 228, 563, 564, 1094, and 3120C of the House bill, and secs. 561–63 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: VIRGINIA FOXX, ROBERT C. ‘‘B OBBY ’’ SCOTT of Virginia, From the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of title XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: ROBERT E. L ATTA , BILLJOHNSON of Ohio, As additional conferees from the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for consideration of secs. 701, 712, 1083, 1096, 3111–13, 3118, 3119, 3132, and 4305 of the House bill, and secs. 315, 601, 714, 3111–15, 5802, and 7509 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: GREGWALDEN , RICHARD HUDSON , As additional conferees from the Committee on Financial Services, for consideration of 1299O–2 and 1236 of the House bill, and title XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: JEBHENSARLING , ANDYBARR, 
MAXINE WATERS of California, From the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for consideration of title XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: ADAMKINZINGER , As additional conferees from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for consideration of secs. 346, 1042, 1202–06, 1210, 1211, 1221–23, 1230A, 1230D, 1230F, 1231, 1234, 1236, 1237, 1239, 1240, 1254–56, 1264, 1267, 1268, 1271, 1274, 1276, 1278, 1280, 1282, 1288, 1299O–1, 1299O–2, 1299O–3, 1299O–4, 1301, 1302, 1521, 1522, and 3116 of the House bill, and secs. 331, 1061, 1063, 1201–04, 1207, 1211, 1213, 1221–23, 1231–33, 1241, 1244, 1245, 1261, 1262, 1264–66, 1269, 1301, 1302, 1531, 1622, 1623, 1654, 3113, 3116, 6002, 6202–04, 6701, and 6702 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: BRIAN J. M AST, As additional conferees from the Committee on Foreign Affairs, for consideration of secs. 346, 1042, 1202–06, 1210, 1211, 1221–23, 1230A, 1230D, 1230F, 1231, 1234, 1236, 1237, 1239, 1240, 1254–56, 1264, 1267, 1268, 1271, 1274, 1276, 1278, 1280, 1282, 1288, 1299O–1, 1299O–2, 1299O–3, 1299O–4, 1301, 1302, 1521, 1522, and 3116 of the House bill, and secs. 331, 1061, 1063, 1201–04, 1207, 1211, 1213, 1221–23, 1231–33, 1241, 1244, 1245, 1261, 1262, 1264–66, 1269, 1301, 1302, 1531, 1622, 1623, 1654, 3113, 3116, 6002, 6202–04, 6701, 6702, and title XVII of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: EDWARD R. R OYCE of California, As additional conferees from the Committee on Homeland Security, for consideration of sec. 1634 of the House bill, and modifications committed to conference: MICHAEL T. M CCAUL, JOHNRATCLIFFE , BENNIE G. T HOMPSON of Mississippi, As additional conferees from the Committee on the Judiciary, for consideration of secs. 826, 1043, 1050B, 1073, 1074, 1079, 1085, 1087, 1090, 1299O–2, 4319, and 4710 of the House bill, and secs. 1025, 1035 and 1715 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: BOBGOODLATTE , F. JAMES SENSENBRENNER , Jr., As additional conferees from the Committee on Natural Resources, for consideration of secs. 313, 314, 316, 342, 1043, 1076, 1079, 2822, 2830, 2830A, 2831, 2832, 2845–47, 3402, 3549, 4810, 4837, division E, and sec. 6101 of the House bill, and secs. 601, 2833, 2836, and 7518 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: BRUCE WESTERMAN , As additional conferees from the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for consideration of secs. 506, 511, 569, 822, 831, 832, 834, 835, 860, 875, 880–84, 886, 917, 1101–11, 4711, and 4829 of the House bill, and secs. 568, 595, 607, 632, 702, 813, 902, 937, 1101–05, 1122–25, 1254B, 1628, 1639, 1640, 1716, 1726, 2835, and 6702 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: MARKSANFORD , DENNIS A. R OSS, As additional conferees from the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for consideration of secs. 854, 858, and 1603 of the House bill, and secs. 893 and 1604 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: LAMAR SMITH of Texas, FRANK D. L UCAS , EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, As additional conferees from the Committee on Small Business, for consideration of secs. 811, 851–58, 861, 863–68, and 2803 of the House bill, and secs. 893, 1626, and 6006 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: STEVE CHABOT , STEPHEN KNIGHT , As additional conferees from the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, for consideration of secs. 518, 554, 883, 1044, 1049, 1050B, 1075, 1095, 1111, 2848, 3501, 3504, 3522–25, 3528, 3529, and division D of the House bill, and secs. 153, 556, 601, 1604, 3501, 3502, 7501, 7502, 7507–09, 7515, and 7517 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: BARBARA COMSTOCK , JULIA BROWNLEY of California, As additional conferees from the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs, for consideration of secs. 547, 552, 582, 1411, and 2844 of the House bill, and secs. 721, 726, and 1431 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: DAVID P. R OEof Tennessee, BRUCE POLIQUIN , As additional conferees from the Committee on Ways and Means, for consideration of sec. 701 of the House bill, and sec. 6201 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: DAVID G. R EICHERT , PETER J. R OSKAM , RICHARD E. N EAL, For consideration of secs. 313, 314, 316, 342, 1043, 1076, 1079, 1252, 1523, 2822, 2830, 2830A, 2831, 2832, 2845–47, 3402, 3549, 4810, 4837, division E, and sec. 6101 of the House bill and secs. 4, 601, 1002, 1032, 1721, 2833, 2836, and 7518 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: JACKBERGMAN , For consideration of secs. 228, 518, 554, 563, 564, 883, 1044, 1049, 1050B, 1075, 1094, 1095, 1111, 2848, 3120C, 3501, 3504, 3522–25, 3528, 3529, and division D of the House bill and secs. 153, 556, 561–63, 601, 1604, 3501, 3502, 7501, 7502, 7507–09, 7515, and 7517 of the Senate amendment, and modifications committed to conference: JASON LEWIS of Minnesota, Managers on the Part of the House. JOHNMCCAIN, JAMES M. I NHOFE , ROGER F. W ICKER , DEBFISCHER , TOMCOTTON , MIKEROUNDS , JONIERNST , THOMTILLIS , DANSULLIVAN , DAVID PERDUE , TEDCRUZ, LINDSEY GRAHAM , BENSASSE, TIMSCOTT, MIKECRAPO , JACKREED, BILLNELSON , CLAIRE MCCASKILL , JEANNE SHAHEEN , RICHARD BLUMENTHAL , JOEDONNELLY , MAZIE K. H IRONO , TIMKAINE, ANGUS S. K ING, Jr., MARTIN HEINRICH , GARYC. P ETERS , SHERROD BROWN , Managers on the Part of the Senate. 
N O T I C E Incomplete record of House proceedings. Today’s House proceedings will be continued in Book II. 
Routine Proceedings, (See Book II) Measures Introduced: Sixteen bills and two resolutions were introduced, as follows: S. 3262–3277, and S. Res. 592–593.
Measures Passed: Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Amendment Act: Senate passed S. 2779, to amend the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001, after withdrawing the committee amendment in the nature of a substitute, and agreeing to the following amendment proposed thereto: 
Murkowski (for Flake) Amendment No. 3541, in the nature of a substitute.
East Rosebud Wild and Scenic Rivers Act: Senate passed H.R. 4645, to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate certain segments of East Rosebud Creek in Carbon County, Montana, as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System.
National Ada Lovelace Day: Senate agreed to S. Res. 592, designating October 9, 2018, as ‘‘National Ada Lovelace Day’’ and honoring the life and legacy of Ada Lovelace, the first computer programmer. 
Honoring the Life and Legacy of Grace Hopper: Senate agreed to S. Res. 593, honoring the life and legacy of Grace Hopper, professor, inventor, entrepreneur, business leader, and Rear Admiral of the Navy.
Measures Considered: Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act—Agreement: Senate continued consideration of H.R. 6147, making appropriations for the Department of the Interior, environment, and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, taking action on the following amendments proposed thereto:
Adopted: By a unanimous vote of 98 yeas (Vote No. 168), Moran Amendment No. 3433 (to Amendment No. 3399), to prohibit the use of funds to revoke certain exceptions.                                                                   (See Book II) 
By 95 yeas to 4 nays (Vote No. 169), Udall Modified Amendment No. 3414 (to Amendment No. 3399), to express the sense of Congress relating to the importance of longdistance passenger rail routes.
By a unanimous vote of 99 yeas (Vote No. 170), Collins (for Manchin) Amendment No. 3553 (to Amendment No. 3399), to make an amount available for the Office of Terrorism and Financial Intelligence of the Department of the Treasury to investigate the illicit trade of synthetic opioids originating from the People’s Republic of China.
Rejected: By 25 yeas to 74 nays (Vote No. 171), Collins (for Paul) Amendment No. 3543 (to Amendment No. 3399), to reduce the amounts appropriated to comply with the spending limits under the Budget Control Act of 2011.
Pending: Shelby Amendment No. 3399, in the nature of a substitute.
Murkowski Amendment No. 3400 (to Amendment No. 3399), of a perfecting nature.
A unanimousconsent agreement was reached providing for further consideration of the bill at approximately 9:30 a.m., on Thursday, July 26, 2018. 
Record Votes: Four record votes were taken today. (Total—171)
Adjournment: Senate convened at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 7:31 p.m., until 9:30 a.m. on Thursday, July 26, 2018. (For Senate’s program, see the remarks of the Acting Majority Leader in Book II.) 
RACE TO 5G Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the race to 5G, focusing on exploring spectrum needs to maintain United States global leadership, after receiving testimony from Meredith Attwell Baker, CTIA, Dean R. Brenner, Qualcomm Incorporated, and Tom Stroup, Satellite Industry Association, all of Washington, D.C.; and Craig Cowden, Charter Communications, Denver, Colorado. MARS Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: Subcommittee on Space, Science, and Competiveness concluded a hearing to examine destination Mars, focusing on putting American boots on the surface of the red planet, after receiving testimony from Salvatore T. Bruno, United Launch Alliance, LLC, Centennial, Colorado; Chris Carberry, Explore Mars, Inc., Stafford, Virginia; Dava J. Newman, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, Cambridge; and Peggy Whitson, Spicewood, Texas. AMERICAN DIPLOMACY Committee on Foreign Relations: Committee concluded a hearing to examine American diplomacy to advance our national security strategy, after receiving testimony from Mike Pompeo, Secretary of State. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: Committee ordered favorably reported the following business items: S. 2554, to ensure that health insurance issuers and group health plans do not prohibit pharmacy providers from providing certain information to enrollees, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; H.R. 1222, to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; S. 2465, to amend the Public Health Service Act to reauthorize a sickle cell disease prevention and treatment demonstration program and to provide for sickle cell disease research, surveillance, prevention, and treatment, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute; and S. 3016, to amend the Public Health Service Act to improve essential oral health care for lowincome and other underserved individuals by breaking down barriers to care, with an amendment in the nature of a substitute. NOMINATIONS Select Committee on Intelligence: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the nominations of Joseph Maguire, of Florida, to be Director of the National Counterterrorism Center, Office of the Director of National Intelligence, and Ellen E. McCarthy, of Virginia, to be an Assistant Secretary of State (Intelligence and Research), after the nominees testified and answered questions in their own behalf. 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 38 public bills, H.R. 6501–6538; and 6 resolutions, H. Res. 1026, 1028–1032 were introduced.
Reports Filed: Reports were filed today as follows: Conference report on H.R. 5515, to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense and for military construction, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–874); and H. Res. 1027, providing for consideration of the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 5515) to authorize appropriations for fiscal year 2019 for military activities of the Department of Defense, for military construction, and for defense activities of the Department of Energy, to prescribe military personnel strengths for such fiscal year, and for other purposes (H. Rept. 115–875).
Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Lamborn to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Recess: The House recessed at 11:36 a.m. and reconvened at 12 noon.
Guest Chaplain: The prayer was offered by the Guest Chaplain, Bishop Irinej, Serbian Orthodox Diocese of Eastern America, New Rochelle, New York. 
Suspensions—Proceedings Resumed: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measure. Consideration began Tuesday, July 24th. The American Legion 100th Anniversary Commemorative Coin Act: S. 1182, amended, to require the Secretary of the Treasury to mint commemorative coins in recognition of the 100th anniversary of The American Legion, by a 
2⁄3yeaandnay vote of 366 yeas to 52 nays, Roll No. 373;
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To extend the National Flood Insurance Program, and for other purposes.’’.
VA Hospitals Establishing Leadership Performance Act: H.R. 5864, amended, to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish qualifications for the human resources positions within the Veterans Health Administration of the Department of Veterans Affairs, by a 
2⁄3yeaandnay vote of 417 yeas with none voting ‘‘nay’’, Roll No. 374. 
Making Available Information Now to Strengthen Trust and Resilience and Enhance Enterprise Technology Cybersecurity Act: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 770, to require the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology to disseminate resources to help reduce small business cybersecurity risks, as amended by Representative Webster (FL). 
Agreed to amend the title so as to read: ‘‘To require the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology to disseminate guidance to help reduce small business cybersecurity risks, and for other purposes.’’.
Suspensions: The House agreed to suspend the rules and pass the following measures: LongTerm Care Veterans Choice Act: H.R. 5693, amended, to amend title 38, United States Code, to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to enter into contracts and agreements for the placement of veterans in nonDepartment medical foster homes for certain veterans who are unable to live independently;
                                                     Pages H7172–75 Strengthening Career and Technical Education for the 21st Century Act: Concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 2353, to reauthorize the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006;
Condemning the violence, persecution, intimidation, and murders committed by the Government of Nicaragua against its citizens: H. Res. 981, amended, condemning the violence, persecution, intimidation, and murders committed by the Government of Nicaragua against its citizens; 
Energy Diplomacy Act of 2018: H.R. 5535, amended, to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 regarding energy diplomacy and security within the Department of State; 
Amending title 23, United States Code, to extend the deadline for promulgation of regulations under the tribal transportation selfgovernance program: H.R. 6414, to amend title 23, United States Code, to extend the deadline for promulgation of regulations under the tribal transportation self governance program;
Save Our Seas Act: S. 756, amended, to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote international action to reduce marine debris; 
Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the lack of timely and predictable funding unnecessarily undermines the mission of the United States Special Operations Command and jeopardizes the security of the United States: H. Res. 1009, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the lack of timely and predictable funding unnecessarily undermines the mission of the United States Special Operations Command and jeopardizes the security of the United States; 
Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Air Force faces significant readiness challenges due to insufficient personnel levels, a shrinking and depleted aircraft fleet, and maintenance deferrals, all of which are affected by budgetary uncertainty and impede the Air Force’s ability to meet ongoing and unexpected national security threats, putting United States national security at risk: H.R. 1010, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the United States Air Force faces significant readiness challenges due to insufficient personnel levels, a shrinking and depleted aircraft fleet, and maintenance deferrals, all of which are affected by budgetary uncertainty and impede the Air Force’s ability 
to meet ongoing and unexpected national security threats, putting United States national security at risk; and
Expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that not fully resourcing the United States Army in a timely manner erodes the Army’s ability to maintain readiness and poses risk to the Army’s ability to conduct military operations: H. Res. 1007, expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that not fully resourcing the United States Army in a timely manner erodes the Army’s ability to maintain readiness and poses risk to the Army’s ability to conduct military operations. 
Amending the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to modify the definition of qualified health plan for purposes of the health insurance premium tax credit and to allow individuals purchasing health insurance in the individual market to purchase a lower premium copper plan: The House passed H.R. 6311, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to modify the definition of qualified health plan for purposes of the health insurance premium tax credit and to allow individuals purchasing health insurance in the individual market to purchase a lower premium copper plan, by a recorded vote of 242 ayes to 176 noes, Roll No. 376. 
Rejected the Frankel (FL) motion to recommit the bill to the Committee on Ways and Means with instructions to report the same back to the House forthwith with an amendment, by a yeaandnay vote of 187 yeas to 229 nays, Roll No. 375.
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–83 shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means.
H. Res. 1011, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 184) and (H.R. 6311) was agreed to yesterday, July 24th.
Restoring Access to Medication Act of 2018: The House passed H.R. 6199, to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to include certain overthe counter medical products as qualified medical expenses, by a yeaandnay vote of 277 yeas to 142 nays, Roll No. 377.
Pursuant to the Rule, an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–82 shall be considered as adopted, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on Ways and Means now printed in the bill.                                                                                          (See Book II) 
H. Res. 1012, the rule providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 6199) was agreed to yesterday, July 24th.
Cambodia Democracy Act of 2018: The House agreed to discharge from committee and pass H.R. 5754, to promote free and fair elections, political freedoms, and human rights in Cambodia, as amended by Representative Royce (CA).
Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Amendment Act of 2018: The House agreed to take from the Speaker’s table and pass S. 2779, to amend the Zimbabwe Democracy and Economic Recovery Act of 2001.
Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 9 a.m. tomorrow, July 26th.
Senate Referrals: S. 2278 was referred to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. S. 2779 was held at the desk.
Senate Message: Message received from the Senate today appears on page H7169. Quorum Calls—Votes: Three yeaandnay votes and two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H7199, H7200, H7666, H7666–67, and H7667. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 10 a.m. and adjourned at 8:34 p.m. 
EXAMINING THE UPCOMING AGENDA FOR THE COMMODITY FUTURES TRADING COMMISSION Committee on Agriculture: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining the Upcoming Agenda for the Commodity Futures Trading Commission’’. Testimony was heard from Chris Giancarlo, Chairman, Commodity Futures Trading Commission. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURES Committee on Appropriations: Full Committee held a markup on FY 2019 Homeland Security Appropriations Bill; and the Revised Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2019. The FY 2019 Homeland Security Appropriations Bill was ordered reported, as amended. The Revised Report on the Suballocation of Budget Allocations for FY 2019 was approved. 
21ST CENTURY CURES IMPLEMENTATION: UPDATES FROM FDA AND NIH Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Health held a hearing entitled ‘‘21st Century Cures Implementation: Updates from FDA and NIH’’. Testimony was heard from Francis Collins, Director, National Institutes of Health; and Scott Gottlieb, Commissioner, Food and Drug Administration. BACKGROUND ON RENEWABLE IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS UNDER THE RENEWABLE FUEL STANDARD Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Environment held a hearing entitled ‘‘Background on Renewable Identification Numbers under the Renewable Fuel Standard’’. Testimony was heard from Brent Yacobucci, Energy and Minerals Manager, Congressional Research Service, Library of Congress. OVERSIGHT OF THE FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Communications and Technology held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Federal Communications Commission’’. Testimony was heard from the following Federal Communications Commission officials: Ajit Pai, Chairman; Michael O’Rielly, Commissioner; Brendan Carr, Commissioner; and Jessica Rosenworcel, Commissioner. BUDGET PRIORITIES FOR SOUTH ASIA Committee on Foreign Affairs: Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific held a hearing entitled ‘‘Budget Priorities for South Asia’’. Testimony was heard from Alice G. Wells, Principal Deputy Assistant Secretary, Bureau of South and Central Asian Affairs, Department of State; and Gloria Steele, Senior Deputy Assistant Administrator, Bureau for Asia, U.S. Agency for International Development. ASSESSING THE STATE OF FEDERAL CYBERSECURITY RISK DETERMINATION Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Cybersecurity and Infrastructure Protection held a hearing entitled ‘‘Assessing the State of Federal Cybersecurity Risk Determination’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. USING INNOVATIVE TECHNOLOGY AND PRACTICES TO ENHANCE THE CULTURE OF PREPAREDNESS Committee on Homeland Security: Subcommittee on Emergency Preparedness, Response, and Communications held a hearing entitled ‘‘Using Innovative Technology and Practices to Enhance the Culture of Preparedness’’. Testimony was heard from Daniel Kaniewski, Deputy Administrator for Resilience, Federal Emergency Management Agency, Department of Homeland Security; Daniel Cotter, Director, First Responders Group, Science and Technology Directorate, Department of Homeland Security; Dereck Orr, Division Chief, Public Safety Communications Division, National Institute of Standards and Technology, Department of Commerce; and John V. Kelly, Senior Official Performing the Duties of the Inspector General, Office of Inspector General, Department of Homeland Security. BUSINESS MEETING Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a business meeting to consider Committee Resolution 115–20. Committee Resolution 115–20 was adopted. OVERSIGHT OF THE LIBRARY OF CONGRESS’ STRATEGIC PLAN PART 2 Committee on House Administration: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Oversight of the Library of Congress’ Strategic Plan Part 2’’. Testimony was heard from the following Library of Congress officials: Carla D. Hayden, Librarian of Congress; Kurt W. Hyde, Inspector General; and Dianne Houghton, Director of Strategic Planning and Performance Management. MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on the Judiciary: Full Committee held a markup on H.R. 1872, the ‘‘Reciprocal Access to Tibet Act of 2017’’. H.R. 1872 was ordered reported, as amended. MANAGEMENT CRISIS AT THE PUERTO RICO ELECTRIC POWER AUTHORITY AND IMPLICATIONS FOR RECOVERY Committee on Natural Resources: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘Management Crisis at the Puerto Rico Electric Power Authority and Implications for Recovery’’. Testimony was heard from Eduardo Bhatia, Minority Leader, Senate of Puerto Rico; Bruce Walker, Assistant Secretary, Office of Electricity, Department of Energy; and public witnesses. GAO HIGH RISK FOCUS: CYBERSECURITY Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Subcommittee on Information Technology; and Subcommittee on Government Operations held a joint hearing entitled ‘‘GAO High Risk Focus: Cybersecurity’’. Testimony was heard from Gene L. Dodaro, Comptroller General, Government Accountability Office; and Suzette Kent, Federal Chief Information Officer, Office of Management and Budget. 
FEDERAL GRANT MANAGEMENT Committee on Oversight and Government Reform: Subcommittee on Intergovernmental Affairs held a hearing entitled ‘‘Federal Grant Management’’. Testimony was heard from Michelle Sager, Director, Strategic Issues, Government Accountability Office; Andrea L. Brandon, Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of Grants and Acquisition Policy and Accountability, Department of Health and Human Services; Natalie Keegan, Analyst, American Federalism and Emergency Management, Congressional Research Service, Library of Congress; and public witnesses. CONFERENCE REPORT TO ACCOMPANY THE JOHN S. MCCAIN NATIONAL DEFENSE AUTHORIZATION ACT FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019 Committee on Rules: Full Committee concluded a hearing on the Conference Report to accompany H.R. 5515, the ‘‘John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019’’. The Committee granted, by voice vote, a rule providing for the consideration of the conference report to H.R. 5515. The rule waives all points of order against the conference report and against its consideration. The rule provides that the conference report shall be considered as read. The rule provides that the previous question shall be considered as ordered without intervention of any motion except one hour of debate and one motion to recommit if applicable. The rule provides debate on the conference report is divided pursuant to clause 8(d) of rule XXII. In section 2, the rule provides that the Committee on Appropriations may, at any time before 3 p.m. on Thursday, August 2, 2018, file privileged reports to accompany measures making appropriations for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. Finally, in section 3, the rule provides that H. Res. 1020 is laid on the table. JAMES WEBB SPACE TELESCOPE: PROGRAM BREACH AND ITS IMPLICATIONS Committee on Science, Space, and Technology: Full Committee held a begin hearing entitled ‘‘James Webb Space Telescope: Program Breach and its Implications’’. Testimony was heard from Jim Bridenstine, Administrator, National Aeronautics and Space Administration; and a public witness. THE TAX LAW’S IMPACT ON MAIN STREET Committee on Small Business: Full Committee held a hearing entitled ‘‘The Tax Law’s Impact on Main Street’’. Testimony was heard from public witnesses. EXAMINING CHANGES TO SOCIAL SECURITY’S DISABILITY APPEALS PROCESS Committee on Ways and Means: Subcommittee on Social Security held a hearing entitled ‘‘Examining Changes to Social Security’s Disability Appeals Process’’. Testimony was heard from Patricia Jonas, Deputy Commissioner, Analytics, Review, and Oversight, Social Security Administration; Elizabeth Curda, Director, Education, Workforce, and Income Security Issues, Government Accountability Office; Will Morton, Analyst, Income Security, Congressional Research Service, Library of Congress; and public witnesses. 
INNOVATION ECONOMY Joint Economic Committee: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the innovation economy, entrepreneurship, and barriers to capital access, after receiving testimony from Phil Mackintosh, Nasdaq, Inc., New York, New York; Rachel King, GlycoMimetics, Inc., Rockville, Maryland; and Lisa Mensah, Opportunity Finance Network, Washington, D.C. MULTIEMPLOYER PENSION SYSTEM AND STAKEHOLDERS Joint Select Committee on Solvency of Multiemployer Pension Plans: Committee concluded a hearing to examine how the multiemployer pension system affects stakeholders, after receiving testimony from James P. Naughton, Northwestern University, Chicago, Illinois; Joshua D. Rauh, Stanford University Hoover Institution, Stanford, California; Timothy P. Lynch, Morgan Lewis and Bockius LLP, Annapolis, Maryland; and Kenneth Warren Stribling, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. ATTACKS ON ROMA IN UKRAINE Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Commission received a briefing on attacks on Roma in Ukraine from Zemfira Kondur, Chiricli International Roma Women’s Fund, and Oskana Shulyar, both of Kyiv, Ukraine; and Halyna Yurchenko, Roma Youth of Ukraine, Lviv. CORRUPTION AND DOPING IN INTERNATIONAL SPORT Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Committee concluded a hearing to examine the state of play, focusing on globalized corruption, staterun doping, and international sport, after receiving testimony from Travis T. Tygart, United States Anti Doping Agency, Colorado Springs, Colorado; Dagmar Freitag, Chairwoman of the German Bundestag Sports Committee, Berlin, Germany; Jim 
Walden, Walden Macht and Haran, New York, New York; Katie Uhlaender, Breckenridge, Colorado; and Yuliya Stepanova, Kursk, Russia. 
(For last listing of Public Laws, see D AILY DIGEST , p. D851) 
H.R. 446, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. Signed on July 23, 2018. (Public Law 115–202) H.R. 447, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. Signed on July 23, 2018. (Public Law 115–203) H.R. 951, to extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project. Signed on July 23, 2018. (Public Law 115–204) H.R. 2122, to reinstate and extend the deadline for commencement of construction of a hydroelectric project involving Jennings Randolph Dam. Signed on July 23, 2018. (Public Law 115–205) H.R. 2292, to extend a project of the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission involving the Cannonsville Dam. Signed on July 23, 2018. (Public Law 115–206) 
Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies, to hold hearings to examine proposed budget estimates and justification for fiscal year 2019 for the Office of the United States Trade Representative, 9:45 a.m., SD–192. Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Rick A. Dearborn, of Oklahoma, to be a Director of the Amtrak Board of Directors, and Martin J. Oberman, of Illinois, to be a Member of the Surface Transportation Board, 10 a.m., SR–253. Committee on Finance: to hold hearings to examine the nominations of Justin George Muzinich, of New York, to be Deputy Secretary, and Michael J. Desmond, of California, to be Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service and an Assistant General Counsel, both of the Department of the Treasury, 9:30 a.m., SD–215. Subcommittee on Taxation and IRS Oversight, to hold hearings to examine improving tax administration today, 10:30 a.m., SD–562. Committee on Foreign Relations: business meeting to consider S. 1023, to reauthorize the Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 through fiscal year 2021, S. 1580, to enhance the transparency, improve the coordination, and intensify the impact of assistance to support access to primary and secondary education for displaced children and persons, including women and girls, S. 3248, to restrict the provision by international financial institutions of loans and financial and technical assistance to the Government of Turkey, S. Res. 501, recognizing threats to freedom of the press and expression around the world and reaffirming freedom of the press as a priority in efforts of the Government of the United States to promote democracy and good governance, S. Res. 541, expressing the sense of the Senate that any United StatesSaudi Arabia civilian nuclear cooperation agreement must prohibit the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia from enriching uranium or separating plutonium on its own territory, in keeping with the strongest possible nonproliferation ‘‘gold standard’’, S. Res. 571, condemning the ongoing illegal occupation of Crimea by the Russian Federation, the nominations of Joseph Cella, of Michigan, to be Ambassador to the Republic of Fiji, and to serve concurrently and without additional compensation as Ambassador to the Republic of Kiribati, the Republic of Nauru, the Kingdom of Tonga, and Tuvalu, and Denise Natali, of New Jersey, to be an Assistant Secretary (Conflict and Stabilization Operations), both of the Department of State, and routine lists in the Foreign Service, 10 a.m., S–116, Capitol. Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions: to hold hearings to examine modernizing apprenticeships to expand opportunities, 11 a.m., SD–430. Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs: Subcommittee on Regulatory Affairs and Federal Management, to hold hearings to examine the challenges and opportunities of the proposed government reorganization on Office of Personnel Management and General Services Administration, 10 a.m., SD–342. Select Committee on Intelligence: to receive a closed briefing regarding certain intelligence matters, 2 p.m., SH–219. 
Committee on Energy and Commerce, Subcommittee on Health, hearing entitled ‘‘MACRA and MIPS: An Update on the Meritbased Incentive Payment System’’, 10 a.m., 2123 Rayburn. Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, Sub committee on National Security; and Subcommittee on Government Operations, joint hearing entitled ‘‘The Federal Trade Commission’s Enforcement of Operation ChokepointRelated Businesses’’, 10 a.m., 2154 Rayburn. Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, Full Committee, continue hearing entitled ‘‘James Webb Space Telescope: Program Breach and its Implications’’, 9:30 a.m., 2318 Rayburn. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 9:30 a.m., Thursday, July 26 
Program for Thursday: Senate will continue consideration of H.R. 6147, Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 9 a.m., Thursday, July 26 
Program for Thursday: Consideration of the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 5515—National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. 
(Senate and House proceedings for today are in Book II.) 