Mr. TONKO. Madam Speaker, I rise today to urge my colleagues to support much needed investments in our Nation’s water systems. Earlier this year, EPA estimated some $472 billion is needed to maintain the Nation’s drinking water infrastructure over the next 20 years. We have woefully underinvested in drinking water for far too long, and now crumbling pipes and failing systems pose a serious threat to public health and public safety. Later today, the House is expected to vote on S. 3021, America’s Water Infrastructure Act, the latest iteration of WRDA. It is a good bill, the result of bipartisan and bicameral negotiations. I am incredibly proud of the work done by both majority and minority members of the Energy and Commerce Committee on H.R. 3387, the Drinking Water System Improvement Act, which was reported out of committee unanimously in July of 2017. Nearly all of that bill has been incorporated into S. 3021. I would like to highlight a number of the provisions that I am pleased were included in the final package. Since 2014, I have introduced legislation to reauthorize the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund, the primary source of Federal funding for our water systems. Since its creation, the program has never been reauthorized, and funding has been flat, despite the growing needs in our communities. S. 3021 would increase the authorization from $1 billion annually until it reaches a $1.95 billion level in fiscal year 2021. In addition to providing significantly increased funding through the SRF, I want to mention a number of other provisions. 
First, WRDA makes numerous important changes to the SRF program, including extending the length of loans from 20 to 30 years, and up to 40 years for disadvantaged communities, while increasing the setaside for these communities by raising the maximum and, importantly, instituting a minimum amount of assistance. It provides $125 million annually to support State water offices through the Public Water Systems Supervision grant program. It seeks to improve the availability of compliance data submitted by water systems and States. It promotes better asset management practices, improves consumer confidence reports, and reauthorizes the Source Water Petition Program. It includes funding for EPA to review methods and technologies to prevent and detect leakage, contamination, and other problems. It requires Buy America standards for SRF projects through fiscal year 2023 and prevailing wage standards to ensure that American workers are benefiting from these investments. It provides funding for systems to conduct risk assessments of their resilience to extreme weather. It establishes a grant program to help schools and daycare centers replace water fountains containing lead components. Also related to lead, it requires future EPA needs assessments to include the cost of replacing lead service lines. I know a number of communities are dealing with emerging contaminants, such as PFOA and PFOS. Currently, only systems serving more than 10,000 people are required to test for unregulated contaminants. This bill requires water systems serving over 3,300 people to monitor for these contaminants, empowering local residents to take action to mitigate serious health threats that they may not have known existed otherwise. This would mean that thousands of communities, communities like Hoosick Falls, New York, and similarly sized systems would no longer have emerging contaminants go undetected, potentially threatening their residents for years. Finally, while not included in the committeepassed bill, WRDA authorizes $100 million for areas hit by natural disasters to repair their water systems, enabling postMaria Puerto Rico to access funds without the financial burden of State matching requirements. This is not an exhaustive list of provisions in this title, but it gives a sense of the breadth of policies that were included to improve the Safe Drinking Water Act. This bill is not a clean water silver bullet, but it will put us on the path to end the decades of neglect of our water infrastructure and make the investments needed to maintain and upgrade our systems in order to protect public health. I want to thank my colleagues, Representative HARPER , Chair S HIMKUS , Chair WALDEN , and their staffs for working with our side of the aisle on this legislation. I want to acknowledge the contributions of our ranking member Representative FRANK PALLONE , Jackie Cohen, Jean Fruci, and Rick Kessler, and other members of the Energy and Commerce minority staff for their hard work. I always say that every life and every job in this country depends on access to safe drinking water. The needs are great and the cost of inaction is high. Today, Congress has the opportunity to act. I urge my colleagues to support America’s Water Infrastructure Act and for the Senate to take it up immediately. 
HONORING LOGAN S. PALMER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS) for 5 minutes. Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. Madam Speaker, I rise today to remember Petty Officer Logan Palmer of Harristown, Illinois, who was tragically lost in the accident last August aboard USS John S. McCain. Logan knew early that he wanted to serve his country. After he graduated from Sangamon Valley High School and Richland Community College, he enlisted in the Navy as an interior communications electrician. Petty Officer Logan Palmer died serving and protecting our country, and for that, we remain eternally grateful. Today, the House will vote on a bill to designate Harristown’s post office in Logan’s hometown of Harristown, Illinois, a small rural community in Macon County, Illinois, as the Logan S. Palmer Post Office. Although I never had the honor of meeting Logan, I have since come to know his parents, Theresa and Sid, and I was honored they were able to join me when I introduced this bill earlier this year. While they sat in the gallery, I was able to drop that piece of paper in the box to introduce this bill to the floor of the House, and I am honored today to ask my colleagues to join me in passing this important legislation to honor one of America’s heroes. Designating this post office will not only honor Logan’s service, but serve as a grave reminder of the risks that our servicemembers take on each day and the responsibilities we have to them as a country. It is my privilege to be able to honor Logan today, but, again, it is not why we are here. Many times this chamber will be criticized for naming post offices, naming public buildings, but, again, let us remember the sacrifices that many of those who those buildings are named after made for the freedoms and the liberties that many of us in this country take for granted every day. When Logan joined the Navy, no one in his hometown, let alone his family, thought that he would sacrifice so much for the freedom and liberty of our great country. It is my honor to honor Logan S. Palmer with this bill today, and his name will live forever on his local post office. f 
b1030 DEMOCRATIC VISION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ) for 5 minutes. Mr. JEFFRIES. Madam Speaker, once again, the donothing Republican Congress has outdone itself. Here in America, we have a wage stagnation problem, an underemployment problem, an infrastructure problem, a retirement insecurity problem, and a corruption problem right here in Washington, D.C. What is the House Republicans’ response to these challenges facing the American people? They want to get out of town before sundown. Why don’t we remain here in Washington, doing the people’s business week after week, month after month until we get something done on these issues, improve the lives of working families, middleclass folks, senior citizens, the poor, the sick, and the afflicted? They want to get out of town before sundown. There are two very different visions for the American people. Republicans control the House, the Senate, and the Presidency. What has that brought to the American people? Chaos, crisis, confusion, the culture of corruption. Part two, the sequel, and the signature piece of legislation is the Republican tax scam, where 83 percent of the benefits went to the wealthiest 1 percent in this country simply to subsidize the lifestyles of the rich and shameless. That is their signature accomplishment? The Democratic vision is very different. Democrats here in the House are fighting for the people. We are fighting to lower healthcare costs, fighting to strengthen the Affordable Care Act, fighting to protect people with preexisting conditions, fighting to dramatically lower the high cost of prescription drugs, fighting to increase pay for everyday Americans so that folks can provide a comfortable living for themselves and for their families, fighting for a real infrastructure plan that invests $1 trillion in fixing our Nation’s crumbling bridges, roads, and tunnels and will create 16 million good paying jobs. Democrats here in the House of Representatives are fighting to clean up corruption in Washington to make government work for everyday Americans. We are fighting to end, once and for all, the era of Citizens United. That is the House Democratic vision: lower healthcare costs, increased pay, 
and cleaning up corruption here in Washington. Democrats are fighting for the people. 
A TEXAS RELIGION The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. POE) for 5 minutes. Mr. POE of Texas. Madam Speaker, it is that time of the year, a time folks in Texas and in the South have been waiting for. It is called football season. It has been said there are only two seasons in Texas: football season and spring football season. Football in Texas is its own religion. Whether you are watching the game under the Friday night lights, joining 25,000 of your closest friends on Saturday, or checking your watch in church to make sure your preacher gets you out on time on Sunday, there are more than a few prayers being said in the name of football on any given day in Texas. Just last week, I headed to Waco, Texas, with my entire family to watch my alma mater, the Abilene Christian Wildcats, take on the Baylor Bears. The outcome wasn’t what we were hoping for, but there is nothing better than college football under a Texas sunset. Texans naturally believe everything is bigger and better in Texas—because it is. My son, Kurt, started playing football when he was 8 years old, and I have watched him play every game from Humble, Texas, peewee football until he took the field wearing the purple and white of our alma mater, Abilene Christian University. From the beginning, Kurt played quarterback. Being the quarterback is one of those positions that is tough on parents. It is all the fame or all the blame. Every time I saw him take the field, I saw that same little 8yearold boy full of determination. It was that very determination that led to him being a walkon at Abilene Christian University and earning a spot as a safety and becoming an Academic AllConference player. I was a judge during that time in Texas in Houston, and I would head out on Friday night after court and drive all night to towns such as Abilene; Kingsville; Canyon; Wichita Falls; Commerce; Las Cruces, New Mexico; and Ada, Oklahoma, to get there in time for Saturday’s game. There is nothing more fun than being in a stadium on that first weekend and seeing your team and your son take the field to thousands chanting, ‘‘Wildcats, purple, white, purple, white, fight, fight, fight.’’ Last week I saw Kurt’s son, my grandson, Jackson, take the field, also as safety, for the Georgetown, Texas, middle school team. Texas football is a legend and legacy. It has spawned books, movies, TV series, and it has been known to ruin a family dinner or two in a house divided over the loyalty of their team. Blood may be thicker than water, but it is not thicker than football. Yes, Texans love football, right down to the names they choose for their children and to the cars they drive. I am sure there is some big executive in Detroit wondering why they have to send so many maroon pickups to Texas. Well, of course, they are for the Texas Aggie fans. We may not have too many fall weddings in Texas, but I am willing to bet you that you have been to a wedding where the new Mr. and Mrs. took off down the aisle to the University of Texas’ ‘‘The Eyes of Texas’’ or got a big Texas A&M ‘‘Whoop’’ after the preacher declared them husband and wife. But it is not just the action on the gridiron. It is the atmosphere; it is the band; it is the drill team; it is the cheerleaders; it is the moms selling T shirts, the school clubs hanging banners, the same old guys in the same old seats season after season in the stands, and the whole atmosphere of what makes the game great. So, Madam Speaker, it is that time of the year. Put on your school colors; head for the game; grab some hotdogs and Dr Pepper or Coke; and take part in one of Texas’ finest religious traditions: Texas football. And that is just the way it is. 
PUERTO RICO IS A HUMANITARIAN CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. ESPAILLAT ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ESPAILLAT. Madam Speaker, September 20 this next week is the 1 year anniversary of Hurricane Maria. One year later in Puerto Rico, in the neighboring island of Puerto Rico where there are U.S. citizens living because Puerto Rico is a commonwealth of the United States, the schools are still closed. One year later and people are still waiting for home repairs. One year later and the death toll continues to rise. One year later and we are just now finding out that the death toll resulting from Hurricane Maria and its aftermath resulted in 2,975 deaths, a drastic, dramatic increase from the original reported numbers by the government of merely 64 people. Madam Speaker, the numbers have ballooned from 64 people who died during that terrible storm and the aftermath, to 2,975. We are just now finding out that close to 3,000 U.S. lives were lost while this administration did very little. Just this week, the President said that he has done an Aplus job. He seems to feel that there are only 64 deaths there, but that is not the case. In fact, there were 3,000 lives that perished there with slow response, and that is failure. That is an Fminus, to me, for government. But that is not all. Such is the indifference of this administration to the lives of Puerto Rico. And, Madam Speaker, we have a moral obligation to help the Puerto Rican people. They are American citizens. When we are in a time of war, when our Nation is in danger, we call upon them to defend us. Thousands and thousands of Puerto Ricans have given up their lives for democracy in the United States. We all remember the photograph of President George W. Bush on Air Force One hovering over New Orleans right after Katrina, and it was a watershed moment for our Nation that the photo became the poster child for neglect and the failed response of the government during a tragedy. Well, guess what. Puerto Rico has become our modernday Katrina. Undoubtedly, this administration’s mismanagement of Puerto Rico has become its most significant failure to date. FEMA provided roughly a third of the meals, half as much water, and just a small fraction of tarps to Puerto Rico than it provided to Texas after Hurricane Harvey in the first 9 days after the storm. Several weeks elapsed before FEMA and the Defense Department increased their presence on the island. And even though airports and ports had reopened after a few days, they still failed to bring the necessary help to that island. The agencies failed to direct the aircraft carrier USS Abraham Lincoln and other ships to Puerto Rico and provide first aid to the people who were hurting. We have now entered the 2018 hurricane season. As you know, we are bracing for Florence, Isaac, Helene, and Olivia to make landfall. This administration needs to do better in responding to these emergencies. It is heartbreaking and a serious tragedy for the American citizens of Puerto Rico, their families, and our Nation as a whole to have been treated this way. We cannot turn our backs on Puerto Rico, and we must continue to support our brothers and sisters along this journey to rebuild their lives during this humanitarian crisis. Mr. Speaker, the Puerto Rico crisis has become a humanitarian crisis that has proven far greater than we ever imagined. 
CELEBRATING CONSTITUTION DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX) for 5 minutes. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in celebration of Constitution Day this upcoming week. On September 17, 231 years ago, 39 patriots signed their names to a document that changed the course of history. This document chartered a lasting experiment in democracy and put our Nation on the path to becoming 
the world’s strongest and greatest in the history of the world. Since 1789, the Constitution has served as our country’s legal foundation. Its wisdom is timeless, and just as George Washington called the Constitution the guide he would never abandon, we should not abandon the brilliance of our Founders’ intent. The Constitution establishes the United States of America as a nation of laws where the government derives its limited powers from ‘‘We the People,’’ the consenting governed. Those words, I believe, Mr. Speaker, are the most important words outside our Bible. Thanks to the foresight of the Constitution’s Framers and their understanding of government overreach and human nature, we have an abiding document that checks the power of the Federal Government and protects the rights of individual citizens. What has happened with our government, though, is that it has expanded in such a manner that it flips the Constitution on its head. Let’s take a look at Articles I through III, which outline the powers of each branch of government. In this pocket copy of the Constitution, Article I is eight pages; but it is, by far, the longest of the articles, detailing the powers of the Congress. Article II is only three pages, outlining the powers of the executive branch. Article III is only a half page and establishes the limited powers of the judicial branch. Now, what has happened is that the relative power of each branch is completely inverted. The power to write the law and thereby represent the will of the people has been diminished by both the executive and judicial branches. The judicial branch seeks to write the law through its power of interpretation in setting precedent. The judicial branch has become an instrument for activists to pass agendas that could not be accomplished by passing laws in Congress because they lacked the support of the majority of people in the country. Rather than serving as the least powerful branch of government that acts as a check, the judicial branch has taken the power delegated to Congress and become a much more powerful branch than ever intended. The executive branch has promulgated rules which have the force of law and have circumvented the lawmaking process of Article I, thwarting again the grand design of the Constitution. These trends must stop and the plan of the Constitution reasserted. The Constitution is genius in its brevity, in its endurance, and in its forethought to limit and separate the governing powers established therein. It is an honor and a sacred duty for me to protect and uphold the Constitution in representing the people of the Fifth District here in this Congress. RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois). Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until noon today. Accordingly (at 10 o’clock and 46 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker at noon. 
PRAYER Pastor Rosalinda Rivera, New Life Outreach Church, Richmond, Virginia, offered the following prayer: Dear God, we come before You this day with grateful hearts for this wonderful Nation we live in. For our Senators, our Congressmen and women, our President, for their families, bless them as they sacrificially lead us as a Nation. We lift up those today that are imprisoned by a lifestyle of addiction, trapped in the trenches of hopelessness. Your Word says that if we are in a pit, You will lift us up and put our feet on a rock. So we cry out on behalf of our husbands, our wives, our sisters, our brothers, for the young people of America that are trapped by the pit of opioid addiction and sex trafficking. You are the God of hope and healing. So, in Your name, I declare the chains of addiction are broken. I declare freedom in the hearts of every person fighting addiction. Through You, our God, we have the victory. Thank You for always being faithful. In the name of Jesus, Amen. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER. Will the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. KENNEDY led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING PASTOR ROSALINDA RIVERA The SPEAKER. Without objection, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to welcome Pastor Rosalinda Rivera, and her friends, of Chesterfield County, Virginia, to the House Chamber today. As an associate pastor at the New Life Outreach Church, the church her parents, Carmen and Victor Torres founded in 1972, she has helped reach those who are in search of a better way of life. In addition to her role in the church, she is involved in many other organizations to serve those in need. Whether it is helping young people overcome the challenges of addiction at New Life for Youth, helping young mothers restore relationships with their children at Mercy Mom’s House, or inspiring groups all over the U.S. with her writing and ministry, her service has been one spent devoted to the service of others. She has turned the lives of countless people around, giving them faith, hope, and purpose. Her work is a testament to the JudeoChristian tradition, which calls all people to love and care for others in the same way that God loves and cares for each of us. Thank you, Rosalinda, and God bless you. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize TriYoung, a woman owned business in Peoria, Arizona, on American Business Women’s Day on September 22. In August, I visited businesses across Arizona’s Eighth District to discuss how reduced Federal regulations, pro growth policies, and Republicanled tax reform have impacted business owners and employees. For Julie Young, president of TriYoung, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act has produced a sizeable savings that she plans to reinvest back into her employees. 
TriYoung is a perfect example of how the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act is making a difference in the lives of business owners and hardworking Americans. I am honored to represent this woman owned business in Congress, and I will continue to support legislation that allows small businesses like TriYoung to thrive. Thank you, Julie, for sharing your story. 
BRETT KAVANAUGH DOES NOT BELONG ON THE HIGHEST COURT IN OUR LAND (Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, Brett Kavanaugh does not belong on our highest court in the land. Mr. MCCONNELL can withhold all the documents he wants. Mr. Kavanaugh’s words betray that silence. His emails show that he will dismantle Roe v. Wade. His rulings show that protections for preexisting conditions are no longer safe. His words show that marriage equality and LGBTQ rights would no longer be etched in stone. His silence shows that a President will be handed a shield against accountability. To those harmed by his rulings, he offers not even a handshake. When pressed, he offers just a lawyerly dodge and a shield of confidentiality. But the American people marched for a woman’s right to choose. They took to our streets to end gun violence. They fought for marriage equality. If you believe that healthcare is a right for all and not a privilege just for a few, then we need you to raise your voices today. Mr. Kavanaugh should not be on our court. 
TARLETON STATE RODEO TEAM (Mr. WILLIAMS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. WILLIAMS. Mr. Speaker, today I want to take a moment to recognize the Tarleton State University Rodeo Team located in Stephenville, Texas. Now, if you have never been to a Texas rodeo, I can promise you, it isn’t like anything you have ever seen before. There is nothing quite like it and, frankly, there is nothing more Texan. Day in and day out, the young men and women on the Tarleton State Rodeo Team are dedicated and give 100 percent, no matter what. In fact, this summer, because of their hard work, the men’s team finished second at the College National Finals Rodeo. However, this was not an isolated accomplishment. The Tarleton Rodeo Association has been part of a winning tradition since 1947. They have won seven national championship titles and 27 individual national championships. Mr. Speaker, because of all of this, the Tarleton State Rodeo Team is the best in Texas and one of the best in the Nation. I am proud to represent these champions in the 25th Congressional District, and I look forward to watching them continue to dominate the competition. In God we trust. f 
RECOGNIZING ARTS IN EDUCATION WEEK (Ms. PINGREE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. PINGREE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Arts in Education Week. I believe strongly that arts in our schools, whether it is visual art, music, drama, creative writing, or dance, are as much of a component of a wellrounded education as STEM or humanity subjects. The measurable benefits of a robust arts education are clear. The U.S. Department of Education has found that students in arts programming had better attendance and fewer disciplinary issues. But anyone who has experienced arts education knows that its value goes well beyond what’s measurable. It builds confidence, teaching students how to express themselves in front of their peers and the larger community. It promotes diversity and inclusion, encouraging kids to engage with and learn from creative traditions that they may not be familiar with. And it can start important conversations, using fun and accessible mediums to get us thinking about hard topics. I thank the educators and students in Maine and across the country who commit to bringing the power of the arts into our schools and homes every day. 
RECOGNIZING THE TIRELESS WORK AND DEDICATION OF HARRIET V. CARTER (Ms. ROSLEHTINEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. ROSLEHTINEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the decades of service of my congressional community liaison and my friend, Harriet V. Carter. Harriet, a graduate of Tulane University, who participated in study abroad programs, served as a congressional aide for many years in my district office and, during her semiretirement, has been a goodwill ambassador to our community on my behalf. Harriet Carter is a graduate of Leadership Miami, the Cuban American National Council’s Hispanic Leadership Training Program, and has been active in the Greater Miami Jewish Federation, the Jewish Community Relations Council, and a bevy of groups that help Floridians. Harriet’s tireless work in my office and throughout our community demonstrates the positive impact that one person can have. Harriet Carter’s dedication to the service of others is an inspiration, and I am sure that she will continue to work diligently on behalf of our South Florida community for many years to come. f 
WASHINGTON’S RAMPANT CULTURE OF CORRUPTION (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, the recent indictments of two GOP House Members showcases this rampant culture of corruption symbolic of a government of, by, and for special interests and wealthy donors. Now, this week, Republicans are trying to rush through their tax scam 2.0, which explodes the deficit to give more money to wealthy donors and the richest Americans. Because of the first tax scam, some of the biggest corporations are now on track to spend $1 trillion on dividends and stock buybacks. Meanwhile, working class constituents struggle to keep a roof over their head, pay for healthcare, and put food on the table for their family. Democrats want real bipartisan tax reform that creates jobs, reduces the deficit, and is for the people, not just the ultrarich. We want to clean up the corruption and make Washington work for the people again. This means strengthening our ethics laws to fight special interests. This means fixing our broken campaign finance system to end the influence of bigmoney donors, and this means empowering voters to demand a responsive, accountable government, one that protects the right to vote, secures our election infrastructure, and ends partisan redistricting. 
HURRICANE FLORENCE PREPAREDNESS (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, as Hurricane Florence threatens to strike South Carolina, I am grateful to Governor Henry McMaster, Adjutant General Bob Livingston, Attorney General Alan Wilson, as well as Kim Stenson, Director of the Emergency Management Division, who have all done a fantastic job of preparing for the high winds and extraordinary flooding, while keeping the people of the State up to date with the encouragement of President Donald Trump. I appreciate that the Governor has been in close coordination with President Donald Trump and together they are working to ensure South Carolinians have all the resources for the courageous first responders to respond to Hurricane Florence, which endangers families. The projected phenomenal rainfall will cause unexpected flooding, so we 
should be ready for higher elevation with only emergency travel through next week, as roads will be deadly, as citizens should stay in place. FOX News is providing accurate coverage. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. 
17TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE 2001 AUMF (Ms. LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, tomorrow marks the 17th year since Congress passed the 2001 AUMF, which has become a blank check for endless war. I would like to read part of the speech I delivered on September 14, 2001, because these words remain true and relevant today. I said: ‘‘Mr. Speaker, I rise really with a very heavy heart, one that is filled with sorrow for the families and the loved ones who were killed and injured this week. ‘‘September 11 changed the world. Our deepest fears now haunt us. Yet I am convinced that military action will not prevent further acts of international terrorism against the United States. ‘‘This resolution will pass, although we all know that the President can wage a war, even without it. However difficult this vote may be, some of us must urge the use of restraint. Some of us must say, let us step back for a moment. Let us just pause for a minute and think through the implications of our actions today, so that this does not spiral out of control. ‘‘I have agonized over this vote, but I came to grips with it today. I came to grips with opposing this resolution during the very painful, yet very beautiful memorial service. As a member of the clergy so eloquently said, as we act, let us not become the evil that we deplore.’’ Now, 17 years later, I am asking my colleagues to join me in repealing this overlybroad resolution by cosponsoring H.R. 1229. 
b1215 HONORING FORMER CONGRESSMAN JACK EDWARDS (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in honor of former Congressman Jack Edwards, who will celebrate his 90th birthday next Thursday. Congressman Edwards’ service to his beloved country started long before his 20 honorable years as a Representative for Alabama’s First District. As just a teenager, Jack left home and pursued something larger than himself and enlisted in the Marine Corps, where he later earned the rank of sergeant. Years later, Jack brought his military background to the Halls of Congress with the first wave of Alabama Republicans. Jack worked alongside five U.S. Presidents during his time in office to ensure that our national defense was funded at the necessary levels, which ultimately brought an end to the Cold War and led to the dismantling of the Berlin Wall in 1989. But as a fiscal conservative, he never shied away from speaking his mind about ineffective programs that simply needed to go. Jack, you were a people’s champion in these Halls, a wonderful mentor for me, and I can only hope to be remembered as you are. But more importantly, I am honored by your friendship and your continued support. I look forward to celebrating your 90th birthday with you next week. f 
COLORADO FLOODS (Mr. POLIS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, 5 years ago this week, Colorado was struck by devastating floods. From Fort Collins, to Estes Park, to Lyons, to Boulder, dozens of communities were hit with unprecedented amounts of rain that gave way to rivers and tributaries overflowing, with huge amounts of damage, including the loss of eight lives. When the floods came 5 years ago, we committed to one another to be Colorado strong and to rebuild. I am proud to say that, in the years since the flood, I have been amazed by the resiliency of so many families. For my family, it meant a flooded basement and the loss of some of our treasured family photographs we stored there. For others, it upended their lives. Stu and Sarah Jane were new parents to their 9monthold daughter when the flood waters demolished their house in Fourmile Canyon. Shortly after receiving a reverse 911 call, the canyon gave way. The family escaped to a firehouse, and, after 2 days, a National Guard helicopter flew in, transporting them to safety. There are so many stories of so many Colorado families, and the smallest difference in circumstances would have meant that many families wouldn’t be alive today. In the last 5 years, communities have come together to repair roads, trails, homes, and businesses. This resiliency and grit that Coloradoans showed the week of September 9 through September 16, 2013, as rains fell, was matched only by the sense of community and tenacity that took hold as the waters subsided. HONORING MINNESOTA’S LAW ENFORCEMENT (Mr. EMMER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. EMMER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor five incredible members of Minnesota’s law enforcement, each of whom is deservedly receiving the FBI Director’s Award for Excellence: Stearns County Deputy/Investigator Dennis Kern, former Captain Pam Jensen, retired Bureau of Criminal Apprehension Agent Ken McDonald, and Federal Bureau of Investigation Special Agents Shane Ball and Chris Boeckers. Twentynine years ago, on October 22, 11yearold Jacob Wetterling disappeared. Minnesota was left in shock and horror. Our State hoped and prayed for decades that Jacob would return home. Though unable to change the tragic outcome of Jacob’s life, Deputy Kern, Captain Jensen, Agent McDonald, Agent Ball, and Agent Boeckers were able to offer some peace and comfort by apprehending Jacob’s murderer. Mr. Speaker, words can’t adequately express the gratitude that the Wetterling family and all Minnesotans have for the law enforcement who never stopped searching for Jacob, who never gave up. To Deputy Kern, Captain Jensen, Agent McDonald, Agent Ball, and Agent Boeckers, on behalf of all Minnesotans, thank you and God bless you. 
NEED TO PROTECT SOCIAL SECURITY (Mr. NORCROSS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NORCROSS. Mr. Speaker, I am here to speak about the need to protect Social Security. Last year, the Republicans passed an expensive tax scam that gave 83 percent of the benefits to the top 1 percent. This and the new tax scam 2.0 will add trillions to our deficit. Now they are trying to use this massive deficit that they created to justify cutting and dismantling Social Security, all while a retirement security crisis is looming to wreak havoc on those who are going to retire over the next decade. One in three Americans have less than $5,000—one in three have less than $5,000—saved. Fewer have pensions. For so many families who have worked hard, played by the rules, Social Security is all they will have. And Republicans, they want to take it away. Mr. Speaker, let’s build up Social Security, not dismantle it. 
RECOGNIZING DOUGLAS LAUX (Mr. DAVIDSON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. DAVIDSON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Mr. Douglas Laux of Coldwater, Ohio. 
After attending Indiana University, Doug served for 7 years with the Central Intelligence Agency as an operations officer. Unknown to his family and friends, Doug operated undercover in Afghanistan and Syria, fighting America’s global war on terror. Working in Afghanistan, Doug quietly penetrated the ranks of alQaida and the Taliban, where he was able to infiltrate and eliminate one of the largest IED manufacturers in the world. Doug left the CIA in 2013 and now lives quietly in Coldwater, Ohio, his hometown. While Doug does not seek recognition for his past service, his actions struck a major blow to the enemies of our country, and they deserve commendation. Mr. Speaker, I ask you to join me in recognizing the bravery of Mr. Laux and to wish him continued success as a private citizen. 
CONGRATULATING DR. LEANA WEN (Ms. BARRAGA´N asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. BARRAGA´N. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Dr. Leana Wen. Dr. Wen is the new president of Planned Parenthood. Dr. Wen is an immigrant. Her family came here from China, and they were granted political asylum when she was a child. She is a Rhodes Scholar, and she grew up poor in my congressional district in Compton, California. She has worked to close the racial health disparities that are happening in healthcare and to reduce infant mortality. She has been a voice against cuts to healthcare. And she is a champion for health clinic funding across the country, to make sure they can continue to serve lowincome families. I am proud to say that she is a fighter, and I am proud to say that she grew up in Compton, California. With that, Dr. Wen, congratulations. I am looking forward to working with you and Planned Parenthood. 
HONORING RICHARD D EVOS (Mr. AMASH asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, the west Michigan community is mourning the loss of Richard DeVos, a man whose spirit touched millions of lives and helped shape Grand Rapids into the thriving city it is today. Rich passed away on September 6 at the age of 92, survived by 4 children, 16 grandchildren, and 6 greatgrandchildren. Rich follows his late wife, Helen DeVos, who passed away at the age of 90 in October of last year. A World War II veteran, an entrepreneur who never feared failure, Rich was a largerthanlife presence whose Christian faith and love for America were evident in all that he did. I greatly admired Rich, as did countless others, not just from west Michigan, but from around the world, for his optimistic and caring approach to family, friends, business, and philanthropy alike. Anyone who knew Rich will tell you that he was an incredibly charismatic, encouraging, and kind person. I was fortunate enough to have a personal glimpse into this legend of a man who did so much for the west Michigan community while his work at home and abroad was changing the world. While no one can fill the void that Rich’s passing leaves, our community takes comfort in knowing that his legacy of generosity, entrepreneurship, and kindness will have a lasting impact. May the memory of him be eternal. f 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 3798, SAVE AMERICAN WORKERS ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF THE CONFERENCE REPORT TO ACCOMPANY H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019; AND PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM SEPTEMBER 17, 2018, THROUGH SEPTEMBER 24, 2018 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1059 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 1059 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider in the House the bill (H.R. 3798) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to repeal the 30 hour threshold for classification as a full time employee for purposes of the employer mandate in the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act and replace it with 40 hours. All points of order against consideration of the bill are waived. An amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11584 shall be considered as adopted. The bill, as amended, shall be considered as read. All points of order against provisions in the bill, as amended, are waived. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the bill, as amended, and on any further amendment thereto, to final passage without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means; and (2) one motion to recommit with or without instructions. SEC. 2. Upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to consider the conference report to accompany the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. All points of order against the conference report and against its consideration are waived. The conference report shall be considered as read. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the conference report to its adoption without intervening motion except: (1) one hour of debate; and (2) one motion to recommit if applicable. SEC. 3. On any legislative day during the period from September 17, 2018, through September 24, 2018— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, article I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. SEC. 4. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 3 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. SEC. 5. Each day during the period addressed by section 3 of this resolution shall not constitute a legislative day for purposes of clause 7 of rule XIII. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Florida (Mr. HASTINGS ), my dear friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this rule and the underlying legislation. The rule provides for consideration of H.R. 3798, the Save American Workers Act of 2018, and H.R. 5895, Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act of 2019. Mr. Speaker, today is quite an unusual day, not only for our Nation, but also for Members of Congress. As a result of that, I have had a discussion with my dear friend, Judge HASTINGS , and we have decided we are going to try to expedite that which we do today, so all Members need to be advised we might finish the process of the rule on the floor some 55 minutes early. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this rule and the underlying legislation. The rule provides for consideration of H.R. 3798, the Save American Workers Act of 2018 and H.R. 5895, Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veteran Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019. Since 2010, the American people have been dealing with the impacts of the Affordable Care Act (ACA) or Obamacare. As we now know, Obamacare contains a number of provisions that have greatly impacted the labor market, the workforce, and employers of all sizes. At the broadest level, the bill created massive mandatory spending spending programs that have contributed greatly to the 
country’s debt and financial burdens on the American tax payer. At the center of this is the employer mandate. The employer mandate impacts hiring and employees’ hours because it requires employers with 50 or more fulltime employees to provide health insurance and carries a specific fine for noncompliance. Under this, employees who work 30 or more hours per week are considered fulltime. In addition, complex reporting requirements make the burden of this provision even greater for employers. The employer mandate requirement has resulted in employers reducing workers’ hours to 29 hours per week or less in an attempt to minimize the mandate’s devastating impacts. These reduced hours have caused millions of workers to receive less take home pay. The 30hour rule does little more than discourage employment and financial stability for American workers—especially low wage workers. According to a Hoover institution study, 2.6 million Americans making less than $30,000 were at risk of having their hours and wages cut as a result of Obamacare’s 30hour rule. H.R. 3798 would give employers and workers more flexibility by changing Obamacare’s definition of fulltime worker from 30 hours per week to 40 hours per week and from 120 hours per month to 174 hours per month for fulltime equivalents. In addition, the bill gives employers retroactive relief from the employer mandate penalty. Thus, any employer that owed a penalty for failing to provide coverage during that period would no longer owe it, a big help to some our small businesses. The bill also includes a provision that will delay the implementation of the Obamacare tax on highcost health plans, known as the ‘‘Cadillac tax,’’ until 2023, granting employers one additional year of relief from the tax. Finally, in light of the repeal of the individual mandate penalty, H.R. 3798 removes burdensome regulatory requirements on some providers of minimum essential coverage. Mr. Speaker, this rule also provides for consideration of H.R. 5895, Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019. This threebill Appropriations package provides funding for fiscal year 2019 in three very important categories. This bill is a product of members working across the aisle in a wonderful display of bipartisanship and I am pleased to see this body take up such an important measure. The agreement addresses one of our fundamental responsibilities here in Congress, taking care of our veterans. The bill provides $5.3 Billion above FY18 levels and ensures funding for VA medical care. It funds VA medical care at $72.3 Billion, providing for 7 million veteran patients to be treated in FY19. The bill strengthens veteran programs like mental health care services, opioid abuse prevention, suicide prevention, and rural veterans health initiatives. Additionally, the legislation continues to rebuild infrastructure for our service members and their families with $10.3 Billion for military construction projects, an increase of $241 Million. The second part of this appropriations package, energy and water, prioritizes our national security and invests in American infrastructure. The bill supports a strong nuclear national security strategy with a total $560 Million above FY 18 levels for the Department of Energy’s nuclear weapons security programs. It also provides a muchneeded influx of funds into our nation’s water resources infrastructure by directing $7 Billion to the Army Corps of Engineers. Finally, the legislation directs a muchneeded increase of $29.8 Million for our extremely dedicated and brave Capitol Police Officers. This money will ensure their safety, the safety of our Capitol complex, and the thousands of guests who visit every day. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. b1230 Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the distinguished chairman, my good friend, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. (Mr. HASTINGS asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I am going to truncate my original remarks. Mr. Speaker, today’s legislation is yet another callous attempt by my friends on the other side to undermine healthcare for millions of Americans, all while recklessly adding billions of dollars to the deficit. This legislation not only guts vital provisions of the Affordable Care Act, but also weakens the requirements on employerprovided healthcare. I might add, even though we may not be bringing it up, we do support the conference report and will be willing to go forward in that regard. The time has come for our friends across the aisle to abandon their tired playbook, a playbook full of tactics and strategies bent on sabotaging and undermining healthcare, rather than plans to make our healthcare system stronger and more inclusive. Mr. Speaker, we are also here today, as I just said, on the conference report, for a threebill spending package, funding a portion of our government, which runs out of funds at the end of this month. This funding package isn’t perfect, and while I would have preferred we consider appropriations bills one at a time through regular order, as the Speaker promised, this effort represents how this House should operate when we consider legislation. We hold hearings, markups, go to conference, negotiate in good faith, and finally, emerge with a bipartisan compromise. Good process makes for good policy. While this bill may not be one Democrats would have written, I am glad this conference report rejects House Republicans’ and President Trump’s extreme budget cuts and harmful antienvironmental riders. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to say this: We have learned that, as Hurricane Florence closes in on millions of Americans, the administration has raided the coffers of the Federal Emergency Management Agency in order to move money to ICE. I am not going to spend a lot of time on that. I think it is just wrong. Mr. Speaker, this Republicanled Congress sets yet another record with today’s 97th closed rule. Week after week, my friends across the aisle continue to make history for all the wrong reasons, but we should not let this latest milestone go unrecognized because it is yet another sad point in this Chamber’s history. In this historically closedoff Congress, Republican leaders have used restrictive rules to block measures to create jobs, bring down the cost of prescription drugs, and make education more affordable for our children. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary thirty minutes for debate, and I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to debate the Rule for H.R. 3798, the Save American Workers Act and the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 5895. Mr. Speaker, last year Republicans took one on the chin when their Affordable Care Act repeal bill—a bill they spent all of 17 days working on—went down in flames in a most public and spectacular fashion. They learned that conspicuously snatching health insurance from millions of people would probably cost them some votes. So, instead of continuing with their more open, though admittedly failed tactics, my friends across the aisle are pursuing an altogether shiftier strategy today. That strategy, with its aim of ridding the American people of their healthcare coverage, can be summed up in one word: sabotage. Today’s legislation is yet another callous attempt by Republicans to undermine healthcare for millions of Americans, all while recklessly adding billions of dollars to the deficit. This legislation not only guts vital provisions of the Affordable Care Act, but also weakens requirements on employer provided healthcare. Now is the time for us to face facts and accept truths. Fact, the latest Kaiser Health Tracking poll found that 50 percent of Americans hold a favorable view of the Affordable Care Act. Fact, 75 percent of Americans want to keep the Affordable Care Act’s provisions that prevent health plans from discriminating against people with preexisting conditions. Fact, 72 percent of Americans want to retain the provision of the ACA that prevents insurers from charging sick people more. The time has come for my friends across the aisle to abandon their tired playbook—a playbook full of tactics and strategies bent on sabotaging and undermining healthcare rather than plans to make our healthcare system stronger and more inclusive. Mr. Speaker, we are also here today to consider H.R. 5895, a conference report for a threebill spending package—funding a portion of our government—which runs out of funding at the end of this month. This funding package isn’t perfect, and while I would have preferred we consider appropriations bills one at a time through regular order as the Speaker promised, this effort represents how this House should operate when we consider legislation: we hold hearings, markups, go to conference, negotiate in good faith, and finally emerge with a bipartisan compromise. Good process makes for good policy, and while this bill may not be one Democrats 
would have written, I’m glad this conference report rejects House Republicans’ and President Trump’s extreme budget cuts and harmful antienvironmental riders. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to say this, we have learned that as Hurricane Florence closes in on millions of Americans, the Trump Administration has raided the coffers of the Federal Emergency Management Agency in order to move money to ICE for the continued immoral detention of children. The ability of this Administration to reach new lows is astounding. To my fellow Americans who are in Hurricane Florence’s path, our thoughts and prayers are with you. As a Floridian, I know all too well the effects these devastating storms can have and I urge everyone to take all necessary steps to be prepared, be safe, and listen to the direction of local authorities as this storm impacts the Southeast. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this Republican led Congress sets yet another record with today’s 97th Closed Rule. Week after week, my friends across the aisle continue to make history for all the wrong reasons. But we should not let this latest milestone go unrecognized, because it is yet another sad point in this Chamber’s history. In this historically closedoff Congress, Republican leaders have used restrictive rules to block measures to create jobs, bring down the cost of prescription drugs, and make education more affordable. These policies deserve consideration on the House Floor, yet they are continuously blocked by the Republican Majority. This discouraging record not only suppresses the voices of Democratic and Republican Members, it also suppresses the voices of millions of Americans. Mr. Speaker, my Republican friends may claim today’s threebill spending package gets the ball rolling to fully fund the government. But we need to put into context what it means to fully fund the government, it means that we must pass 12 appropriations bills in order to fully fund our government. So, before they take a victory lap over today’s spending package, I will simply remind the Majority that with precious few legislative days remaining, we still must pass the remaining seventyfive percent of bills that will fund our government. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the distinguished gentleman, his work with me is appreciated. On behalf of not only Judge HASTINGS and myself, really, the Rules Committee, which both of us represent, with great anxiety, we recognize, as our Members do, about the storm that is headed to the United States of America. We want to wish all the people who are in the storm’s way the very best, but we are attempting to do what we can to make sure we complete our work properly. Thus, I ask for my colleagues to vote for this conference report, which will do so much to move us not only to the point where we can continue to work together, but to fund the important activities that need to take place. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues support this bill and the underlying bills. Mr. Speaker, this is a good rule and so are the two underlying bills. it has become abundantly clear that Obamacare has failed the American people. Our nation’s healthcare system is broken and only getting worse. The American people are counting on us to empower individuals, families, and employers to spend their health care dollars the way they want. They are counting on us to remove the federal government from their health care and the first bill is another step in the right direction. The second bill is a wonderful example to bipartisanship—the package isn’t perfect, but it is a good bill. It takes care of our veterans and our military, it provides muchneeded funding for our infrastructure and our waterways, and it ensures we are providing the Capitol Police officers the funding they need. I urge my colleagues to support this rule and the underlying bills. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on adoption of the resolution will be followed by a 5minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 1911. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 222, nays 171, not voting 35, as follows: [Roll No. 397] YEAS—222 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Hill Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Mooney (WV) Mullin Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—171 
Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Crowley Cuellar Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Neal Norcross O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas 
Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Adams Beatty Blackburn Butterfield Cleaver Cummings Ellison Eshoo Gottheimer Hice, Jody B. Holding Hoyer Jenkins (WV) Jones Lesko Lofgren Maloney, Sean Moolenaar Nolan Norman Pearce Pelosi Pittenger Price (NC) Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Rooney, Thomas J. Rouzer Sanford Speier Taylor Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz 
b1300 Mr. KIHUEN changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SPECIAL ENVOY TO MONITOR AND COMBAT ANTISEMITISM ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 1911) to amend the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 to monitor and combat antiSemitism globally, and for other purposes, as amended, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. ROYCE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, as amended. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 393, nays 2, not voting 33, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—2 
Adams Blackburn Butterfield Ca´rdenas Cleaver Ellison Eshoo Gottheimer Hice, Jody B. Holding Hoyer Jenkins (WV) Jones Lesko Lofgren Maloney, Sean Nolan Norman Pearce Pelosi Pittenger Price (NC) Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Rooney, Thomas J. Rouzer Sanford Speier Taylor Walters, Mimi Walz Wasserman Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. LESKO. Mr. Speaker, I am not recorded because I was absent due to an unexpected appointment. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 397 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 398. 
Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 3021. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3021) to designate the United States courthouse located at 300 South Fourth Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota, as the ‘‘Diana E. Murphy United States Courthouse’’, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3021 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as ‘‘America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT Sec. 101. Short title. Sec. 102. Secretary defined. Subtitle A—General Provisions Sec. 1101. Sense of Congress regarding water resources development bills. Sec. 1102. Study of the future of the United States Army Corps of Engineers. Sec. 1103. Study on economic and budgetary analyses. Sec. 1104. Dissemination of information. Sec. 1105. NonFederal engagement and review. Sec. 1106. Lake Okeechobee regulation schedule review. Sec. 1107. Access to real estate data. Sec. 1108. Aquatic invasive species research. Sec. 1109. Harmful algal bloom technology demonstration. Sec. 1110. Bubbly Creek, Chicago ecosystem restoration. Sec. 1111. Dredge pilot program. Sec. 1112. Hurricane and storm damage protection program. Sec. 1113. Operation and maintenance of existing infrastructure. Sec. 1114. Assistance relating to water supply. Sec. 1115. Property acquisition. Sec. 1116. Dredged material management plans. Sec. 1117. Inclusion of project or facility in Corps of Engineers workplan. Sec. 1118. Geomatic data. Sec. 1119. Local government reservoir permit review. Sec. 1120. Transparency and accountability in cost sharing for water resources development projects. Sec. 1121. Upper Missouri Mainstem Reservoir water withdrawal intake easement review. Sec. 1122. Limitation on contract execution. Sec. 1123. Certain levee improvements. Sec. 1124. Costshare payment for certain projects. Sec. 1125. Locks on Allegheny River. Sec. 1126. Purpose and need. Sec. 1127. Prior project authorization. Sec. 1128. Mississippi River and Tributaries Project. Sec. 1129. Inclusion of Tribal interests in project consultations. Sec. 1130. Beneficial use of dredged material. Sec. 1131. Ice jam prevention and mitigation. Sec. 1132. Rehabilitation of Corps of Engineers constructed dams. Sec. 1133. Columbia River. Sec. 1134. Missouri River Reservoir sediment management. Sec. 1135. Reauthorization of lock operations pilot program. Sec. 1136. Credit or reimbursement. Sec. 1137. NonFederal implementation pilot program. Sec. 1138. Surplus water contracts and water storage agreements. Sec. 1139. Postdisaster watershed assessments in territories of the United States. Sec. 1140. Expedited consideration. Sec. 1141. Project studies subject to independent peer review. Sec. 1142. Feasibility of Chicago Sanitary and Ship Canal Dispersal Barriers Project, Illinois. Sec. 1143. Acknowledgment of credit. Sec. 1144. Levee safety initiative reauthorization. Sec. 1145. Funding to process permits. Sec. 1146. Reservoir sediment. Sec. 1147. Clarification for integral determination. Sec. 1148. Beneficial use of dredged sediment. Sec. 1149. Inclusion of alternative measures for aquatic ecosystem restoration. Sec. 1150. Regional sediment management. Sec. 1151. Operation and maintenance of navigation and hydroelectric facilities. Sec. 1152. Study of water resources development projects by nonFederal interests. Sec. 1153. Construction of water resources development projects by non Federal interests. Sec. 1154. Corps budgeting; project deauthorizations; comprehensive backlog report. Sec. 1155. Indian Tribes. Sec. 1156. Inflation adjustment of costsharing provisions for territories and Indian Tribes. Sec. 1157. Corps of Engineers continuing authorities program. Sec. 1158. Hurricane and storm damage reduction. Sec. 1159. Regional coalitions and higher education. Sec. 1160. Emergency response to natural disasters. Sec. 1161. Cost and benefit feasibility assessment. Sec. 1162. Extended community assistance by the Corps of Engineers. Sec. 1163. Dam safety. Sec. 1164. Local government water management plans. Sec. 1165. Structures and facilities constructed by Secretary. Sec. 1166. Advanced funds for water resources development studies and projects. Sec. 1167. Costs in excess of Federal participation limit. Sec. 1168. Disposition of projects. Sec. 1169. Contributed funds for nonFederal reservoir operations. Sec. 1170. Watercraft inspection stations. Sec. 1171. Restricted areas at Corps of Engineers dams. Sec. 1172. Coastal erosion. Sec. 1173. Prohibition on surplus water fees, Lake Cumberland Watershed, Kentucky and Tennessee. Sec. 1174. Middle Rio Grande peak flow restoration. Sec. 1175. Prohibition of administrative fees in implementing Rough River Lake Flowage Easement Encroachment Resolution Plan. Sec. 1176. Preconstruction engineering design demonstration program. Subtitle B—Studies and Reports Sec. 1201. Authorization of proposed feasibility studies. Sec. 1202. Additional studies. Sec. 1203. Expedited completion. Sec. 1204. GAO study on benefitcost analysis reforms. Sec. 1205. Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund report. Sec. 1206. Identification of nonpowered dams for hydropower development. Sec. 1207. Study on innovative ports for offshore wind development. Sec. 1208. Innovative materials and advanced technologies report. Sec. 1209. Study and report on expediting certain waiver processes. Sec. 1210. Report on debris removal. Sec. 1211. Corps flood policy within urban areas. Sec. 1212. Feasibility studies for mitigation of damage. Sec. 1213. Applications of military leasing authorities. Sec. 1214. Community engagement. Sec. 1215. Transparency in administrative expenses. Sec. 1216. Assessment of harbors and inland harbors. Sec. 1217. Maintenance of highrisk flood control projects. Sec. 1218. North Atlantic Division report on hurricane barriers and harbors of refuge. Sec. 1219. Great Lakes coastal resiliency study. Sec. 1220. McMicken Dam, Arizona, and Muddy River, Massachusetts. Sec. 1221. Table Rock Lake, Arkansas and Missouri. Sec. 1222. Forecastinformed reservoir operations. Sec. 1223. Cedar River, Iowa. Sec. 1224. Old River control structure, Louisiana. Sec. 1225. Upper Mississippi River protection. Sec. 1226. Missouri River. Sec. 1227. Lower Missouri River bank stabilization and navigation. Sec. 1228. Coastal Texas study. Sec. 1229. Report on water supply contract, Wright Patman Lake, Texas. Subtitle C—Deauthorizations, Modifications, and Related Provisions Sec. 1301. Deauthorization of inactive projects. Sec. 1302. Backlog prevention. Sec. 1303. Project modifications. Sec. 1304. Lytle and Cajon Creeks, California. Sec. 1305. Yuba River Basin, California. Sec. 1306. Bridgeport Harbor, Connecticut. Sec. 1307. Delaware River navigation project. Sec. 1308. Comprehensive Everglades restoration plan, Central and Southern Florida, Everglades Agricultural Area, Florida. Sec. 1309. Kissimmee River restoration, Florida. Sec. 1310. Levee L–212, Four River Basin, Ocklawaha River, Florida. Sec. 1311. Green River and Barren River Locks and Dams, Kentucky. Sec. 1312. Cape Arundel Disposal Site, Maine. Sec. 1313. Penobscot River, Maine. Sec. 1314. Boston harbor reserved channel deauthorizations. Sec. 1315. Corps of Engineers bridge repair program for New England evacuation routes. Sec. 1316. Plymouth Harbor, Massachusetts. Sec. 1317. Portsmouth Harbor and Piscataqua River. Sec. 1318. Missouri River and tributaries at Kansas Cities, Missouri and Kansas. Sec. 1319. Hampton Harbor, New Hampshire, navigation improvement project. 
Sec. 1320. Passaic River Federal Navigation Channel, New Jersey. Sec. 1321. FargoMoorhead Metropolitan Area Diversion Project, North Dakota. Sec. 1322. Clatsop County, Oregon. Sec. 1323. Svensen Island, Oregon. Sec. 1324. West Tennessee Tributaries project, Tennessee. Sec. 1325. Puget Sound nearshore ecosystem restoration. Sec. 1326. Milwaukee Harbor, Milwaukee, Wisconsin. Sec. 1327. Project completion for disaster areas. Sec. 1328. Federal assistance. Sec. 1329. Expedited initiation. Sec. 1330. Project deauthorization and study extensions. Sec. 1331. Conveyances. Sec. 1332. Report on future water resources development. Subtitle D—Water Resources Infrastructure Sec. 1401. Project authorizations. Sec. 1402. Special rules. Sec. 1403. Norfolk Harbor and Channels, Virginia. TITLE II—DRINKING WATER SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT Sec. 2001. Indian reservation drinking water program. Sec. 2002. Clean, safe, reliable water infrastructure. Sec. 2003. Study on intractable water systems. Sec. 2004. Sense of Congress relating to access to nonpotable water. Sec. 2005. Drinking water infrastructure resilience and sustainability. Sec. 2006. Voluntary school and child care program lead testing grant program enhancement. Sec. 2007. Innovative water technology grant program. Sec. 2008. Improved consumer confidence reports. Sec. 2009. Contractual agreements. Sec. 2010. Additional considerations for compliance. Sec. 2011. Improved accuracy and availability of compliance monitoring data. Sec. 2012. Asset management. Sec. 2013. Community water system risk and resilience. Sec. 2014. Authorization for grants for State programs. Sec. 2015. State revolving loan funds. Sec. 2016. Authorization for source water petition programs. Sec. 2017. Review of technologies. Sec. 2018. Source water. Sec. 2019. Report on Federal crosscutting requirements. Sec. 2020. Assistance for areas affected by natural disasters. Sec. 2021. Monitoring for unregulated contaminants. Sec. 2022. American iron and steel products. Sec. 2023. Authorization for capitalization grants to States for State drinking water treatment revolving loan funds. TITLE III—ENERGY Sec. 3001. Modernizing authorizations for necessary hydropower approvals. Sec. 3002. Qualifying conduit hydropower facilities. Sec. 3003. Promoting hydropower development at existing nonpowered dams. Sec. 3004. ClosedLoop pumped storage projects. Sec. 3005. Considerations for relicensing terms. Sec. 3006. Fair ratepayer accountability, transparency, and efficiency standards. Sec. 3007. J. Bennett Johnston Waterway hydropower extension. Sec. 3008. Stay and Reinstatement of FERC License No. 11393 for the Mahoney Lake Hydroelectric Project. Sec. 3009. Strategic Petroleum Reserve drawdown. TITLE IV—OTHER MATTERS Subtitle A—Clean Water Sec. 4101. Stormwater infrastructure funding task force. Sec. 4102. Wastewater technology clearinghouse. Sec. 4103. Technical assistance for treatment works. Sec. 4104. Amendments to Long Island Sound programs. Sec. 4105. Authorization of appropriations for Columbia river basin restoration. Sec. 4106. Sewer overflow control grants. Sec. 4107. Assistance for individual household decentralized wastewater systems of individuals with low or moderate income. Subtitle B—WIFIA Reauthorization and Innovative Financing for State Loan Funds Sec. 4201. WIFIA reauthorization and innovative financing for State loan funds. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous Sec. 4301. Agreement with Commissioner of Reclamation. Sec. 4302. Snake River Basin flood prevention action plan. Sec. 4303. GAO audit of contracts and Tainter gate repairs of Harlan County Dam. Sec. 4304. Water infrastructure and workforce investment. Sec. 4305. Regional liaisons for minority, Tribal, and lowincome communities. Sec. 4306. WaterSense. Sec. 4307. Predatory and other wild animals. Sec. 4308. Klamath project water and power. Sec. 4309. Certain Bureau of Reclamation dikes. Sec. 4310. Authority to make entire active capacity of Fontenelle Reservoir available for use. Sec. 4311. Blackfeet water rights settlement. Sec. 4312. Indian irrigation fund reauthorization. Sec. 4313. Reauthorization of repair, replacement, and maintenance of certain Indian irrigation projects. Sec. 4314. Indian dam safety reauthorization. Sec. 4315. Diana E. Murphy United States Courthouse. TITLE I—WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Water Resources Development Act of 2018’’. 
In this title, the term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Army. Subtitle A—General Provisions 
SEC. 1101. SENSE OF CONGRESS REGARDING WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT BILLS. 
It is the sense of Congress that, because the missions of the Corps of Engineers for navigation, flood control, beach erosion control and shoreline protection, hydroelectric power, recreation, water supply, environmental protection, restoration, and enhancement, and fish and wildlife mitigation benefit all Americans, and because water resources development projects are critical to maintaining the country’s economic prosperity, national security, and environmental protection, Congress should consider a water resources development bill not less often than once every Congress. SEC. 1102. STUDY OF THE FUTURE OF THE UNITED STATES ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to convene a committee of experts to carry out a comprehensive study on— (1) the ability of the Corps of Engineers to carry out its statutory missions and responsibilities, and the potential effects of transferring the functions (including regulatory obligations), personnel, assets, and civilian staff responsibilities of the Secretary relating to civil works from the Department of Defense to a new or existing agency or subagency of the Federal Government, including how such a transfer might affect the Federal Government’s ability to meet the current statutory missions and responsibilities of the Corps of Engineers; and (2) improving the Corps of Engineers’ project delivery processes, including recommendations for such improvements, taking into account factors including— (A) the effect of the annual appropriations process on the ability of the Corps of Engineers to efficiently secure and carry out contracts for water resources development projects and perform regulatory obligations; (B) the effect that the current Corps of Engineers leadership and geographic structure at the division and district levels has on its ability to carry out its missions in a costeffective manner; and (C) the effect of the frequency of rotations of senior leaders of the Corps of Engineers and how such frequency affects the function of the district. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—The study carried out under subsection (a) shall include consideration of— (1) effects on the national security of the United States; (2) the ability of the Corps of Engineers to maintain sufficient engineering capability and capacity to assist ongoing and future operations of the United States armed services; (3) emergency and natural disaster response obligations of the Federal Government that are carried out by the Corps of Engineers; and (4) the ability of the Corps of Engineers to increase efficiency, coordination, transparency, and cost savings of the project delivery process. (c) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—The Sec retary shall submit the final report of the National Academy containing the findings of the study carried out under subsection (a) to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (d) CONGRESSIONAL APPROVAL .—The Sec retary may not implement the findings of the study carried out under subsection (a) unless expressly authorized by Congress. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall enter into an agreement with the National Academy of Sciences to— (1) carry out a study on the economic principles and analytical methodologies currently used by or applied to the Corps of Engineers to formulate, evaluate, and budget for water resources development projects; and 
(2) make recommendations to Congress on potential changes to such principles and methodologies to improve transparency, return on Federal investment, cost savings, and prioritization, in the formulation, evaluation, and budgeting of such projects. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—The study under subsection (a) shall include— (1) an analysis of the current economic principles and analytical methodologies used by or applied to the Corps of Engineers in determining the total benefits and total costs during the formulation of, and plan selection for, a water resources development project; (2) an analysis of improvements or alternatives to how the Corps of Engineers utilizes the National Economic Development, Regional Economic Development, Environmental Quality, and Other Social Effects accounts developed by the Institute for Water Resources of the Corps of Engineers in the formulation of, and plan selection for, such projects; (3) an analysis of whether such principles and methodologies fully account for all of the potential benefits of project alternatives, including any reasonably associated benefits of such alternatives that are not contrary to law, Federal policy, or sound water resources management; (4) an analysis of whether such principles and methodologies fully account for all of the costs of project alternatives, including potential societal costs, such as lost ecosystem services, and full lifecycle costs for such alternatives; (5) an analysis of the methodologies utilized by the Federal Government in setting and applying discount rates for benefitcost analyses used in the formulation, evaluation, and budgeting of Corps of Engineers water resources development projects; (6) an analysis of whether or not the Corps of Engineers— (A) considers cumulative benefits of locally developed projects, including Master Plans approved by the Corps; and (B) uses the benefits referred to in subparagraph (A) for purposes of benefitcost analysis for project justification for potential projects within such Master Plans; and (7) consideration of the report submitted under section 1204, if that report is submitted prior to completion of the study under this section. (c) PUBLICATION .—The agreement entered into under subsection (a) shall require the National Academy of Sciences to, not later than 30 days after the completion of the study— (1) submit a report containing the results of the study and the recommendations to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and (2) make a copy of such report available on a publicly accessible website. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) Congress plays a central role in identifying, prioritizing, and authorizing vital water resources infrastructure activities throughout the United States. (2) The Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–121) established a new and transparent process to review and prioritize the water resources development activities of the Corps of Engineers with strong congressional oversight. (3) Section 7001 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282d) requires the Secretary to develop and submit to Congress each year a Report to Congress on Future Water Resources Development and, as part of the annual report process, to— (A) publish a notice in the Federal Register that requests from nonFederal interests proposed feasibility studies and proposed modifications to authorized water resources development projects and feasibility studies for inclusion in the report; and (B) review the proposals submitted and include in the report those proposed feasibility studies and proposed modifications that meet the criteria for inclusion established under such section 7001. (4) Congress will use the information provided in the annual Report to Congress on Future Water Resources Development to determine authorization needs and priorities for purposes of water resources development legislation. (5) To ensure that Congress can gain a thorough understanding of the water resources development needs and priorities of the United States, it is important that the Secretary take sufficient steps to ensure that nonFederal interests are made aware of the new annual report process, including the need for nonFederal interests to submit proposals during the Secretary’s annual request for proposals in order for such proposals to be eligible for consideration by Congress. (b) DISSEMINATION OF PROCESS INFORMA TION.—The Secretary shall develop, support, and implement education and awareness efforts for nonFederal interests with respect to the annual Report to Congress on Future Water Resources Development required under section 7001 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282d), including efforts to— (1) develop and disseminate technical assistance materials, seminars, and guidance on the annual process as it relates to non Federal interests; (2) provide written notice to local elected officials and previous and potential nonFederal interests on the annual process and on opportunities to address local water resources challenges through the missions and authorities of the Corps of Engineers; (3) issue guidance for nonFederal interests to assist such interests in developing proposals for water resources development projects that satisfy the requirements of such section 7001; and (4) provide, at the request of a nonFederal interest, assistance with researching and identifying existing project authorizations and Corps of Engineers decision documents. 
(a) I SSUANCE .—The Secretary shall expeditiously issue guidance to implement each covered provision of law in accordance with this section. (b) PUBLIC NOTICE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Prior to developing and issuing any new or revised implementation guidance for a covered water resources development law, the Secretary shall issue a public notice that— (A) informs potentially interested non Federal stakeholders of the Secretary’s intent to develop and issue such guidance; and (B) provides an opportunity for interested nonFederal stakeholders to engage with, and provide input and recommendations to, the Secretary on the development and issuance of such guidance. (2) ISSUANCE OF NOTICE .—The Secretary shall issue the notice under paragraph (1) through a posting on a publicly accessible website dedicated to providing notice on the development and issuance of implementation guidance for a covered water resources development law. (c) STAKEHOLDER ENGAGEMENT .— (1) INPUT .—The Secretary shall allow a minimum of 60 days after issuance of the public notice under subsection (b) for non Federal stakeholders to provide input and recommendations to the Secretary, prior to finalizing implementation guidance for a covered water resources development law. (2) OUTREACH .—The Secretary may, as appropriate (as determined by the Secretary), reach out to nonFederal stakeholders and circulate drafts of implementation guidance for a covered water resources development law for informal input and recommendations. (d) SUBMISSION .—The Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a copy of all input and recommendations received pursuant to subsection (c) and a description of any consideration of such input and recommendations. (e) DEVELOPMENT OF GUIDANCE .—When de veloping implementation guidance for a covered water resources development law, the Secretary shall take into consideration the input and recommendations received from nonFederal stakeholders, and make the final guidance available to the public on the publicly accessible website described in subsection (b)(2). (f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) COVERED PROVISION OF LAW .—The term ‘‘covered provision of law’’ means a provision of law under the jurisdiction of the Secretary contained in, or amended by, a covered water resources development law, with respect to which— (A) the Secretary determines guidance is necessary in order to implement the provision; and (B) no such guidance has been issued as of the date of enactment of this Act. (2) COVERED WATER RESOURCES DEVELOP MENT LAW .—The term ‘‘covered water resources development law’’ means— (A) the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014; (B) the Water Resources Development Act of 2016; (C) this Act; and (D) any Federal water resources development law enacted after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The Secretary shall expedite completion of the Lake Okeechobee regulation schedule to coincide with the completion of the Herbert Hoover Dike project, and may consider all relevant aspects of the Comprehensive Everglades Restoration Plan described in section 601 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (114 Stat. 2680). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Using available funds, the Secretary shall make publicly available, including on a publicly accessible website, information on all Federal real estate assets in the United States that are owned, operated, or managed by, or in the custody of, the Corps of Engineers. (b) REQUIREMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The real estate information made available under subsection (a) shall include— (A) existing standardized real estate plat descriptions of assets described in subsection (a); and (B) existing geographic information systems and geospatial information associated with such assets. (2) COLLABORATION .—In making information available under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with the Administrator of General Services. Such information may be made available, in whole or in part, in the Federal real property database published under section 21 of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287), 
as determined appropriate by the Administrator of General Services. Nothing in this paragraph shall be construed as requiring the Administrator of General Services to add additional data elements or features to such Federal real property database if such additions are impractical or would add additional costs to such database. (c) LIMITATION .—Nothing in this section shall compel or authorize the disclosure of data or other information determined by the Secretary to be confidential, privileged, national security information, personal information, or information the disclosure of which is otherwise prohibited by law. (d) TIMING .—The Secretary shall ensure that the implementation of subsection (a) occurs as soon as practicable. (e) EFFECT ON OTHER LAWS.—Nothing in this section shall be construed as modifying, or exempting the Corps of Engineers from, the requirements of the Federal real property database published under section 21 of the Federal Assets Sale and Transfer Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–287). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As part of the ongoing activities of the Engineer Research and Development Center to address the spread and impacts of aquatic invasive species, the Secretary shall undertake research on the management and eradication of aquatic invasive species, including Asian carp and zebra mussels. (b) LOCATIONS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall work with Corps of Engineers district offices representing diverse geographical regions of the continental United States that are impacted by aquatic invasive species, such as the Atlantic, Pacific, and Gulf coasts and the Great Lakes. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report recommending a plan to address the spread and impacts of aquatic invasive species. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Engineer Research and Development Center, shall implement a 5year harmful algal bloom technology development demonstration program under the Aquatic Nuisance Research Program. To the extent practicable, the Secretary shall support research that will identify and develop improved strategies for early detection, prevention, and management techniques and procedures to reduce the occurrence and effects of harmful algal blooms in the Nation’s water resources. (b) SCALABILITY REQUIREMENT .—The Sec retary shall ensure that technologies identified, tested, and deployed under the harmful algal bloom technology development demonstration program have the ability to scale up to meet the needs of harmfulalgalbloom related events. 
The Secretary shall enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency to facilitate ecosystem restoration activities at the South Fork of the South Branch of the Chicago River (commonly known as Bubbly Creek). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary is authorized to carry out a pilot program to award contracts with a duration of up to five years for the operation and maintenance of harbors and inland harbors referred to in section 210(a)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238(a)(2)). (b) SCOPE.—In carrying out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary may award a contract described in such subsection, which may address one or more harbors or inland harbors in a geographical region, if the Secretary determines that the contract provides cost savings compared to the awarding of such work on an annual basis or on a projectbyproject basis. (c) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than one year after the date on which the first contract is awarded pursuant to the pilot program carried out under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report evaluating, with respect to the pilot program and any contracts awarded under the pilot program— (1) cost effectiveness; (2) reliability and performance; (3) cost savings attributable to mobilization and demobilization of dredge equipment; and (4) response times to address navigational impediments. (d) SUNSET .—The authority of the Secretary to enter into contracts pursuant to the pilot program carried out under subsection (a), shall expire on the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary is authorized to carry out a pilot program to award single contracts for more than one authorized hurricane and storm damage reduction project in a geographical region, including projects across more than one Corps of Engineers district, if the Secretary determines that the contract provides cost savings compared to the awarding of such work on a projectbyproject basis. (b) PROJECT SELECTION .—In carrying out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consult with relevant State agencies in selecting projects. (c) CRITERIA .—In carrying out the pilot program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall establish criteria and other considerations that— (1) foster Federal, State, and local collaboration; (2) evaluate the performance of projects being carried out under a single contract with respect to whether such projects yield any regional or multidistrict benefits; and (3) include other criteria and considerations that the Secretary determines to be appropriate. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that includes findings and recommendations of the Secretary with respect to the projects completed under the pilot program carried out under subsection (a). (e) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $75,000,000. (f) TERMINATION .—The authority of the Secretary to enter into contracts pursuant to the pilot program carried out under subsection (a) shall expire on the date that is 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act. 
The Secretary shall improve the reliability, and operation and maintenance of, existing infrastructure of the Corps of Engineers, and, as necessary, improve its resilience to cyberrelated threats. SEC. 1114. ASSISTANCE RELATING TO WATER SUPPLY. 
The Secretary may provide assistance to municipalities the water supply of which is adversely affected by construction carried out by the Corps of Engineers. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In acquiring an interest in land, or requiring a nonFederal interest to acquire an interest in land, the Secretary shall, in accordance with the Uniform Relocation Assistance and Real Property Acquisition Policies Act of 1970, first consider the minimum interest in real property necessary to support the water resources development project for which such interest is acquired. (b) DETERMINATION .—In determining an interest in land under subsection (a), the Secretary shall first consider a temporary easement or other interest designed to reduce the overall cost of the water resources development project for which such interest is acquired, reduce the time to complete such project, and minimize conflict with property owners related to such project. (c) PROCEDURES USED IN STATE .—In car rying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider, with respect to a State, the procedures that the State uses to acquire, or require the acquisition of, interests in land, to the extent that such procedures are generally consistent with the goals of a project or action. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of dredged material management plans initiated after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall expedite the dredged material management plan process in order that such plans make maximum use of existing information, studies, and innovative dredged material management practices, and avoid any redundant information collection and studies. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report on how the Corps of Engineers intends to meet the requirements of subsection (a). 
SEC. 1117. INCLUSION OF PROJECT OR FACILITY IN CORPS OF ENGINEERS WORKPLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, include in the future workplan of the Corps any authorized project or facility of the Corps of Engineers— (1) that the Secretary has studied for disposition under an existing authority, including by carrying out a disposition study under section 216 of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (33 U.S.C. 549a); and (2) for which a final report by the Director of Civil Works has been completed. (b) NOTIFICATION TO COMMITTEES .—Upon completion of a final report referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary shall transmit a copy of the report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop guidance for the acceptance and use of information obtained from a nonFederal interest through geomatic techniques, including remote sensing and land surveying, cartography, geographic information systems, global navigation satellite systems, photogrammetry, or other remote means, in carrying out any authority of the Secretary. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall ensure that use 
of information described in subsection (a) meets the data quality and operational requirements of the Secretary. (c) SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section— (1) requires the Secretary to accept information that the Secretary determines does not meet the guidance developed under this section; or (2) changes the current statutory or regulatory requirements of the Corps of Engineers. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—During the 10year period after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall expedite review of applications for covered permits, if the permit applicant is a local governmental entity with jurisdiction over an area for which— (1) any portion of the water resources available to the area served by the local governmental entity is polluted by chemicals used at a formerly used defense site under the jurisdiction of the Department of Defense that is undergoing (or is scheduled to undergo) environmental restoration under chapter 160 of title 10, United States Code; and (2) mitigation of the pollution described in paragraph (1) is ongoing. (b) COVERED PERMIT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered permit’’ means a permit to be issued by the Secretary to modify a reservoir owned or operated by the Secretary, with respect to which not less than 80 percent of the water rights are held for drinking water supplies, in order to accommodate projected water supply needs of an area with a population of less than 80,000. (c) LIMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section affects any obligation to comply with the provisions of any Federal law, including— (1) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (2) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). 
SEC. 1120. TRANSPARENCY AND ACCOUNTABILITY IN COST SHARING FOR WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS. 
(a) D EFINITION OF BALANCE SHEET .—In this section, the term ‘‘balance sheet’’ means a document that describes— (1) the funds provided by each Federal and nonFederal interest for a water resources development project; and (2) the status of those funds. (b) ESTABLISHMENT OF BALANCE SHEET .— Each district of the Corps of Engineers shall, using the authority of the Secretary under section 10 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1988 (33 U.S.C. 2315)— (1) maintain a balance sheet for each water resources development project carried out by the Secretary for which a nonFederal cost share is required; and (2) on request of a nonFederal interest that provided funds for the project, provide to the nonFederal interest a copy of the balance sheet. (c) UNDER BUDGET PROJECTS .—In the case of a water resources development project carried out by the Secretary that is completed at a cost less than the estimated cost, the Secretary shall transfer any excess non Federal funds to the nonFederal interest in accordance with the costshare requirement applicable to the project. 
SEC. 1121. UPPER MISSOURI MAINSTEM RESERVOIR WATER WITHDRAWAL INTAKE EASEMENT REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—During the 10year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, expedite the review of applications for a covered easement. (b) PROCESS .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall develop an application to obtain a covered easement that requires an applicant for a covered easement to submit information that includes— (1) all permissible locations for the proposed easement; (2) the corresponding dimensions of the proposed easement; (3) the methods of installation of the water withdrawal intakes; and (4) any other information that the Secretary may require to complete the review. (c) RESPONSE .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary receives an application under subsection (b), the Secretary shall seek to provide to the applicant a written notification that states— (1) whether the application is complete; and (2) if the application is not complete, what information is needed for the application to be complete. (d) DETERMINATION .—To the maximum extent practicable, not later than 120 days after the date on which the Secretary receives a complete application for a covered easement, the Secretary shall approve or deny the application for the covered easement. (e) COVERED EASEMENT DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered easement’’ means an easement necessary to access Federal land under the control of the Secretary for the placement of water withdrawal intakes in the Upper Missouri Mainstem Reservoirs that does not otherwise involve the alteration or modification of any structures or facilities located on that Federal land, other than those owned by the nonFederal interest. (f) LIMITATIONS .—Nothing in this section affects any obligation to comply with the provisions of any Federal law, including— (1) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); and (2) the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). 
(a) L IMITATION .—For any new covered contract entered into during the period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2020, any local governmental entity that is a party to a covered contract entered into before such period shall be required to pay not more than 110 percent of the contractual rate per acrefoot in effect under the most recent such covered contract. (b) COVERED CONTRACT .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered contract’’ means a contract between a local governmental entity and the Secretary for water supply storage in a nonhydropower lake within the Verdigris River Basin. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 211 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (31 U.S.C. 6505 note), the Secretary, at the request of a local government, is authorized to provide technical services, on a reimbursable basis, to the local government to assess the reasons a federally constructed levee owned or operated by the local government is not accredited by the Federal Emergency Management Agency. (b) FEDERAL LEVEES .—In carrying out this section, in a case in which a levee owned and operated by the Secretary is hydraulically tied to a levee described in subsection (a), the Secretary is encouraged to cooperate, to the maximum extent practicable, with the relevant local governmental entities in assessing the reasons the levee described in subsection (a) is not accredited. (c) LIMITATION .—Nothing in this section— (1) affects the responsibilities of a local government to operate and maintain its flood control infrastructure; or (2) obligates the Secretary to expend additional Federal resources on levees owned and operated by the Secretary. SEC. 1124. COSTSHARE PAYMENT FOR CERTAIN PROJECTS. 
The Secretary shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, pay the outstanding balance of the Federal cost share for any project carried out under section 593 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (113 Stat. 380). 
The Corps of Engineers may consider, in making funding determinations with respect to the operation and maintenance of locks on the Allegheny River— (1) recreational boat traffic levels; and (2) related economic benefits. 
(a) P URPOSE AND NEEDSTATEMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after the date of receipt of a complete application for a water storage project, the District Engineer shall develop and provide to the applicant a purpose and need statement that describes— (A) whether the District Engineer concurs with the assessment of the purpose of and need for the water storage project proposed by the applicant; and (B) in any case in which the District Engineer does not concur as described in subparagraph (A), an assessment by the District Engineer of the purpose of and need for the project. (2) EFFECT ON ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT  
STATEMENTS .—No environmental impact statement or environmental assessment required under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) shall substantially commence with respect to a water storage project until the date on which the District Engineer provides to the applicant a purpose and need statement as required under paragraph (1). (b) APPEALS REQUEST .—A nonFederal interest may use the administrative appeals process described in part 331 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (or any succeeding regulation), in relation to a decision of the Secretary related to an application for a water storage project. 
In any case in which a project under the jurisdiction of the Secretary is budgeted under a different business line than the business line under which the project was originally authorized, the Secretary shall ensure that the project is carried out in accordance with any requirements that apply to the business line under which the project was originally authorized. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—After any flood event requiring operation or activation of any floodway or backwater feature within the Mississippi River and Tributaries Project through natural overtopping of a Federal levee or artificial crevassing of a Federal levee to relieve pressure on the levees elsewhere in the system, the Secretary shall expeditiously reset and restore the damaged floodway’s levees. (b) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide an opportunity for consultation with affected communities. (c) MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  PROJECT .—The term ‘‘Mississippi River and Tributaries Project’’ means the Mississippi River and Tributaries project authorized by the Act of May 15, 1928 (Chap. 569; 45 Stat. 534). 
SEC. 1129. INCLUSION OF TRIBAL INTERESTS IN PROJECT CONSULTATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT REQUIRED .—As soon as practicable following the date of enactment of 
this Act, the Secretary shall submit the report required under section 1120(a)(3) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1643). (b) CONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall ensure that all existing Tribal consultation policies, regulations, and guidance continue to be implemented, and that consultations with Federal and State agencies and Indian Tribes required for a water resources development project are carried out. 
Section 1122 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (33 U.S.C. 2326 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘10’’ and inserting ‘‘20’’; and (2) in subsection (g), by striking ‘‘10’’ and inserting ‘‘20’’. 
Section 1150(c) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (33 U.S.C. 701s note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘During fiscal years 2017 through 2022, the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘10 projects’’ and inserting ‘‘20 projects’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall ensure’’ and inserting the following : ‘‘shall— ‘‘(A) ensure’’; (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) select not fewer than 1 project to be carried out on a reservation (as defined in section 3 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974) that serves more than 1 Indian tribe (as defined in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act).’’. 
SEC. 1132. REHABILITATION OF CORPS OF ENGINEERS CONSTRUCTED DAMS. 
Section 1177 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (33 U.S.C. 467f–2 note) is amended— (1) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$40,000,000’’; and (2) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$40,000,000’’. 
(a) B ONNEVILLE DAM, OREGON .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior, shall examine and assess the extent to which Indians (as defined in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)) have been displaced as a result of the construction of the Bonneville Dam, Oregon, as authorized by the first section of the Act of August 30, 1935 (49 Stat. 1032) and the first section and section 2(a) of the Act of August 20, 1937 (16 U.S.C. 832, 832a(a)). (2) INCLUSION .—The examination and assessment under paragraph (1) may include assessments relating to housing and related facilities. (3) ASSISTANCE .—If the Secretary determines, based on the examination and assessment under paragraph (1), that assistance is required or needed, the Secretary may use all existing authorities of the Secretary, including under this Act, to provide assistance to Indians who have been displaced as a result of the construction of the Bonneville Dam, Oregon. (4) TRIBAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 1178(c)(1)(A) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1675) is amended by striking ‘‘Upon the request of the Secretary of the Interior, the Secretary may provide assistance’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior, may provide assistance’’. (b) JOHN DAYDAM, WASHINGTON AND OREGON .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior, shall examine and assess the extent to which Indians (as defined in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)) have been displaced as a result of the construction of the John Day Dam, Oregon, as authorized by section 204 of the Flood Control Act of 1950 (64 Stat. 179). (2) INCLUSION .—The examination and assessment under paragraph (1) may include— (A) assessments relating to housing and related facilities; and (B) the study required by section 1178(c)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1675). (3) ASSISTANCE .—If the Secretary determines, based on the examination and assessment under paragraph (1), that assistance is required or needed, the Secretary may use all existing authorities of the Secretary, including under this Act, to provide assistance to Indians who have been displaced as a result of the construction of the John Day Dam, Oregon. (c) DALLES DAM, W ASHINGTON AND OREGON .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of the Interior, shall complete and carry out a village development plan for any Indian village submerged as a result of the construction of the Dalles Dam, Columbia River, Washington and Oregon, as authorized by section 204 of the Flood Control Act of 1950 (64 Stat. 179). (2) ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary may acquire land from willing land owners in carrying out a village development plan under paragraph (1). (3) REQUIREMENTS .—A village development plan completed under paragraph (1) shall include, at a minimum, an estimated cost and tentative schedule for the construction of a replacement village. 
Section 1179(a) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1675) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (8) as paragraphs (5) through (9), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: ‘‘(4) PRIORITIZATION OF SEDIMENT MANAGE MENT PLANS .—In carrying out the pilot project under this subsection, the Secretary shall give priority to developing and implementing sediment management plans that affect reservoirs that cross State lines.’’; and (3) in paragraph (8) (as so redesignated)— (A) by redesignating subparagraph (B) as subparagraph (D); and (B) by striking subparagraph (A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out the pilot program established under this subsection in partnership with the Secretary of the Interior, and the program shall apply to reservoirs managed or owned by the Bureau of Reclamation. ‘‘(B) MEMORANDUM OF AGREEMENT .—For sediment management plans that apply to a reservoir managed or owned by the Bureau of Reclamation under subparagraph (A), the Secretary and the Secretary of the Interior shall execute a memorandum of agreement establishing the framework for a partnership and the terms and conditions for sharing expertise and resources. ‘‘(C) PAYMENTS .—The Secretary is authorized to accept and expend funds from the Secretary of the Interior to complete any work under this paragraph at a reservoir managed or owned by the Bureau of Reclamation.’’. SEC. 1135. REAUTHORIZATION OF LOCK OPERATIONS PILOT PROGRAM. 
Section 1017(f) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2212 note) is amended by striking ‘‘5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘10 years’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1022 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2225) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) R EQUESTS FOR CREDITS .—With respect to an authorized flood damage reduction project, or separable element thereof, that has been constructed by a nonFederal interest under section 211 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 701b–13), or an authorized coastal navigation project that has been constructed by the Corps of Engineers pursuant to section 11 of the Act of March 3, 1925, before the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2018, the Secretary may provide to the nonFederal interest, at the request of the nonFederal interest, a credit in an amount equal to the estimated Federal share of the cost of the project or separable element, in lieu of providing to the nonFederal interest a reimbursement in that amount or reimbursement of funds of an equivalent amount, subject to the availability of appropriations. ‘‘(b) APPLICATION OF CREDITS .—At the request of the nonFederal interest, the Secretary may apply all or a portion of such credit to the share of the cost of the non Federal interest of carrying out other flood damage reduction and coastal navigation projects or studies. ‘‘(c) APPLICATION OF REIMBURSEMENT .—At the request of the nonFederal interest, the Secretary may apply such funds, subject to the availability of appropriations, equal to the share of the cost of the nonFederal interest of carrying out other flood damage reduction and coastal navigation projects or studies.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents contained in section 1(b) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1193) is amended by striking the item relating to section 1022 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 1022. Credit or reimbursement.’’. 
Section 1043(b) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2201 note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (3)(A)(i)— (A) in the matter preceding subclause (I)— (i) by striking ‘‘15’’ and inserting ‘‘20’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘prior to the date of enactment of this Act’’; (B) in subclause (I)— (i) in the matter preceding item (aa), by inserting ‘‘that have been authorized for construction prior to the date of enactment of this Act and’’ after ‘‘not more than 12 projects’’; and (ii) in item (bb), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (C) in subclause (II)— (i) by inserting ‘‘that have been authorized for construction prior to the date of enactment of this Act and’’ after ‘‘not more than 3 projects’’; and (ii) by striking the semicolon and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(III) not more than 5 projects that have been authorized for construction, but did not receive the authorization prior to the date of enactment of this Act;’’; and 
(2) in paragraph (8), by striking ‘‘2015 through 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 1138. SURPLUS WATER CONTRACTS AND WATER STORAGE AGREEMENTS. 
Section 1046(c) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1254) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘shall not charge a fee’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘shall not— ‘‘(A) charge a fee’’; (B) by striking ‘‘Reservoirs.’’ and inserting ‘‘Reservoirs; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) assess a water storage fee with respect to any water storage in the Upper Missouri Mainstem Reservoirs.’’; and (2) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘10’’ and inserting ‘‘12’’. 
SEC. 1139. POSTDISASTER WATERSHED ASSESSMENTS IN TERRITORIES OF THE UNITED STATES. 
Section 3025 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2267b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) ASSESSMENTS IN TERRITORIES OF THE  UNITED STATES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—For any major disaster declared in a territory of the United States before the date of enactment of this subsection, all activities in the territory carried out or undertaken pursuant to the authorities described in this section shall be conducted at full Federal expense unless the President determines that the territory has the ability to pay the cost share for an assessment under this section without the use of loans. ‘‘(2) TERRITORY DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘territory of the United States’ means an insular area specified in section 1156(a)(1) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2310(a)(1)).’’. 
Section 7004(b)(4) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1374) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’. 
SEC. 1141. PROJECT STUDIES SUBJECT TO INDEPENDENT PEER REVIEW. 
Section 2034(h)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 2343(h)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘12 years’’ and inserting ‘‘17 years’’. 
SEC. 1142. FEASIBILITY OF CHICAGO SANITARY AND SHIP CANAL DISPERSAL BARRIERS PROJECT, ILLINOIS. 
Section 3061(d) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1121) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE .—Oper ation and maintenance of any project authorized to be carried out pursuant to the feasibility study identified in paragraph (1) shall be carried out at 80 percent Federal expense and 20 percent nonFederal expense. ‘‘(3) CONSULTATION .—After construction of any project authorized to be carried out pursuant to the feasibility study identified in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with the Governor of the State in which the project is constructed before any control technologies not included in the Chief’s Report are implemented.’’. 
Section 7007(a) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (121 Stat. 1277; 128 Stat. 1226) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Notwithstanding section 221(a)(4)(C)(i) of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5b(a)(4)(C)(i)), the Secretary may provide credit for work carried out during the period beginning on November 8, 2007, and ending on the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2018 by the nonFederal interest for a project under this title if the Secretary determines that the work is integral to the project and was carried out in accordance with the requirements of subchapter 4 of chapter 31, and chapter 37, of title 40, United States Code.’’. SEC. 1144. LEVEE SAFETY INITIATIVE REAUTHORIZATION. 
Title IX of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (33 U.S.C. 3301 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 9005(g)(2)(E)(i), by striking ‘‘2015 through 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’; and (2) in section 9008, by striking ‘‘2015 through 2019’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
Section 214(a) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2352(a)) is amended— (1) by striking paragraph (3) and redesignating paragraphs (4) and (5) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) in paragraph (4), as so redesignated— (A) by striking ‘‘4 years after the date of enactment of this paragraph’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2022’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘carry out a study’’ and inserting ‘‘carry out a followup study’’. 
Section 215 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2326c) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2018’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘shall establish, using available funds, a pilot program to accept’’ and inserting ‘‘shall, using available funds, accept’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2), by adding ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘; and’’ at the end and inserting a period; and (C) by striking paragraph (4); and (3) by striking subsection (f) and inserting the following: ‘‘(f) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report describing the results of the program under this section.’’. 
Section 601(e)(5) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–541) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B)(i)— (A) in subclause (II), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (B) by inserting after subclause (III) the following: ‘‘(IV) the credit is provided for work carried out by the nonFederal sponsor in the implementation of an authorized project implementation report, and such work was defined in an agreement between the Secretary and the nonFederal sponsor prior to the execution of such work; or ‘‘(V) the credit is provided for any work carried out by the nonFederal sponsor, as agreed to by the District Commander and nonFederal sponsor in a written agreement (which may include an electronic agreement) prior to such work being carried out by the nonFederal sponsor;’’; (2) in subparagraph (B), by amending clause (iii) to read as follows: ‘‘(iii) the Secretary determines that the work performed by the nonFederal sponsor— ‘‘(I) is integral to the project; and ‘‘(II) was carried out in accordance with the requirements of subchapter 4 of chapter 31, and chapter 37, of title 40, United States Code.’’; (3) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) through (E) as subparagraphs (D) through (F), respectively; and (4) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) TIMING .—In any case in which the Secretary approves credit under subparagraph (B), in a written agreement (which may include an electronic agreement) with the non Federal sponsor, the Secretary shall provide such credit for work completed under an agreement that prescribes the terms and conditions for the inkind contributions.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out a project for the beneficial reuse of sediment to reduce storm damage to property under section 204 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 2326) that involves only a single application of sediment, the Secretary may grant a temporary easement necessary to facilitate the placement of sediment, if the Secretary determines that granting a temporary easement is in the interest of the United States. (b) LIMITATION .—If the Secretary grants a temporary easement under subsection (a) with respect to a project, that project shall no longer be eligible for future placement of sediment under section 204 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 2326). 
SEC. 1149. INCLUSION OF ALTERNATIVE MEASURES FOR AQUATIC ECOSYSTEM RESTORATION. 
FORAQUATIC ECOSYSTEM RESTORATION .—Sec tion 206 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 2230) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (f); and (2) by inserting after subsection (d) the following: ‘‘(e) USE OF NATURAL AND NATURE BASED  FEATURES .—In carrying out a project to restore and protect an aquatic ecosystem or estuary under subsection (a), the Secretary shall consider, and may include, with the consent of the nonFederal interest, a natural feature or naturebased feature, as such terms are defined in section 1184 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016, if the Secretary determines that inclusion of such features is consistent with the requirements of subsection (a).’’. (b) AMENDMENT TO DEFINITION .—Section 1184(a)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (33 U.S.C. 2289a(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘in coastal areas’’. (c) NATURAL INFRASTRUCTURE .—In carrying out a feasibility report developed under section 905 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2282) for a project for flood risk management or hurricane and storm damage risk reduction, the Secretary shall consider the use of both traditional and natural infrastructure alternatives, alone or in conjunction with each other, if those alternatives are practicable. 
Section 204(a)(1)(A) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 
2326(a)(1)(A)) is amended by inserting ‘‘including a project authorized for flood control,’’ after ‘‘an authorized Federal water resources project,’’. 
SEC. 1151. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OF NAVIGATION AND HYDROELECTRIC FACILITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 314 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1990 (33 U.S.C. 2321) is amended— (1) in the heading by inserting ‘‘
AND’’ before ‘‘ HYDROELECTRIC FACILITIES ’’; (2) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘Activities currently performed’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Activities currently performed’’; (3) in subsection (a) (as designated by paragraph (2)), by inserting ‘‘navigation or’’ before ‘‘hydroelectric’’; (4) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘This section’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) MAJOR MAINTENANCE CONTRACTS ALLOWED .—This section’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) EXCLUSION .—This section does not— ‘‘(1) apply to a navigation facility that was under contract on or before the date of enactment of this subsection with a nonFederal interest to perform operations or maintenance; and ‘‘(2) prohibit the Secretary from contracting out commercial activities after the date of enactment of this subsection at a navigation facility.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of contents contained in section 1(b) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1990 (104 Stat. 4604) is amended by striking the item relating to section 314 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 314. Operation and maintenance of navigation and hydroelectric facilities.’’. 
SEC. 1152. STUDY OF WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS BY NONFEDERAL INTERESTS. 
Section 203 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘federally authorized’’ before ‘‘feasibility study’’; (2) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .— ‘‘(1) REVIEW AND SUBMISSION OF STUDIES TO  
CONGRESS .—Not later than 180 days after the date of receipt of a feasibility study of a project under subsection (a)(1), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that describes— ‘‘(A) the results of the Secretary’s review of the study under subsection (b), including a determination of whether the project is feasible; ‘‘(B) any recommendations the Secretary may have concerning the plan or design of the project; and ‘‘(C) any conditions the Secretary may require for construction of the project. ‘‘(2) LIMITATION .—The completion of the review by the Secretary of a feasibility study that has been submitted under subsection (a)(1) may not be delayed as a result of consideration being given to changes in policy or priority with respect to project consideration.’’; and (3) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) REVIEW AND TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .— ‘‘(1) REVIEW .—The Secretary may accept and expend funds provided by nonFederal interests to undertake reviews, inspections, certifications, and other activities that are the responsibility of the Secretary in carrying out this section. ‘‘(2) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—At the request of a nonFederal interest, the Secretary shall provide to the nonFederal interest technical assistance relating to any aspect of a feasibility study if the nonFederal interest contracts with the Secretary to pay all costs of providing such technical assistance. ‘‘(3) LIMITATION .—Funds provided by non Federal interests under this subsection shall not be eligible for credit under subsection (d) or reimbursement. ‘‘(4) IMPARTIAL DECISIONMAKING .—In car rying out this section, the Secretary shall ensure that the use of funds accepted from a nonFederal interest will not affect the impartial decisionmaking of the Secretary, either substantively or procedurally. ‘‘(5) SAVINGS PROVISION .—The provision of technical assistance by the Secretary under paragraph (2)— ‘‘(A) shall not be considered to be an approval or endorsement of the feasibility study; and ‘‘(B) shall not affect the responsibilities of the Secretary under subsections (b) and (c).’’. 
SEC. 1153. CONSTRUCTION OF WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT PROJECTS BY NONFEDERAL INTERESTS. 
Section 204 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2232) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘federally authorized’’ before ‘‘water resources development project’’; (B) in paragraph (2)(A), by inserting ‘‘, except as provided in paragraph (3)’’ before the semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) PERMIT EXCEPTION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—For a project described in subsection (a)(1) or subsection (a)(3), or a separable element thereof, with respect to which a written agreement described in subparagraph (B) has been entered into, a non Federal interest that carries out a project under this section shall not be required to obtain any Federal permits or approvals that would not be required if the Secretary carried out the project or separable element unless significant new circumstances or information relevant to environmental concerns or compliance have arisen since development of the project recommendation. ‘‘(B) WRITTEN AGREEMENT .—For purposes of this paragraph, a written agreement shall provide that the nonFederal interest shall comply with the same legal and technical requirements that would apply if the project or separable element were carried out by the Secretary, including all mitigation required to offset environmental impacts of the project or separable element as determined by the Secretary. ‘‘(C) CERTIFICATIONS .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), if a nonFederal interest carrying out a project under this section would, in the absence of a written agreement entered into under this paragraph, be required to obtain a certification from a State under Federal law to carry out the project, such certification shall still be required if a written agreement is entered into with respect to the project under this paragraph. ‘‘(4) DATA SHARING .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—If a nonFederal interest for a water resources development project begins to carry out that water resources development project under this section, the nonFederal interest may request that the Secretary transfer to the nonFederal interest all relevant data and documentation under the control of the Secretary with respect to that water resources development project. ‘‘(B) DEADLINE .—Except as provided in subparagraph (C), the Secretary shall transfer the data and documentation requested by a nonFederal interest under subparagraph (A) not later than the date that is 90 days after the date on which the nonFederal interest so requests such data and documentation. ‘‘(C) LIMITATION .—Nothing in this paragraph obligates the Secretary to share any data or documentation that the Secretary considers to be proprietary information.’’; (2) by amending subsection (c) to read as follows: ‘‘(c) STUDIES AND ENGINEERING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—When requested by an appropriate nonFederal interest, the Secretary shall undertake all necessary studies, engineering, and technical assistance on construction for any project to be undertaken under subsection (b), and provide technical assistance in obtaining all necessary permits for the construction, if the nonFederal interest contracts with the Secretary to furnish the United States funds for the studies, engineering, or technical assistance on construction in the period during which the studies, engineering, or technical assistance on construction are being conducted. ‘‘(2) NO WAIVER .—Nothing in this section may be construed to waive any requirement of section 3142 of title 40, United States Code. ‘‘(3) LIMITATION .—Funds provided by non Federal interests under this subsection shall not be eligible for credit or reimbursement under subsection (d). ‘‘(4) IMPARTIAL DECISIONMAKING .—In car rying out this section, the Secretary shall ensure that the use of funds accepted from a nonFederal interest will not affect the impartial decisionmaking of the Secretary, either substantively or procedurally.’’; and (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (B)(ii), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) in the case of reimbursement, appropriations are provided by Congress for such purpose.’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by striking ‘‘flood damage reduction’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘water resources development’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘for a discrete segment of a’’ and inserting ‘‘for carrying out a discrete segment of a federally authorized’’; and (iii) in subparagraph (D), in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting ‘‘to be carried out’’ after ‘‘project’’. 
SEC. 1154. CORPS BUDGETING; PROJECT DEAUTHORIZATIONS; COMPREHENSIVE BACKLOG REPORT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1001 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 579a) is amended— (1) by striking the section designator and all that follows through ‘‘Any project’’ and inserting the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1001. CORPS BUDGETING; PROJECT DEAUTHORIZATIONS; COMPREHENSIVE BACKLOG REPORT. 
‘‘(a) Any project’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking paragraphs (3) and (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(3) COMPREHENSIVE CONSTRUCTION BACKLOG  
AND OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE REPORT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, once every 2 years, shall compile and publish— ‘‘(i) a complete list of all projects and separable elements of projects of the Corps of Engineers that are authorized for construction but have not been completed; 
‘‘(ii) a complete list of all feasibility studies of the Corps of Engineers that Congress has authorized the Secretary to carry out for which a Report of the Chief of Engineers has not been issued; ‘‘(iii) a complete list of all environmental infrastructure projects authorized by Congress under section 219 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (106 Stat. 4835); and ‘‘(iv) a list of major Federal operation and maintenance needs of projects and properties under the control of the Corps of Engineers. ‘‘(B) REQUIRED INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall include on each list developed under clause (i), (ii), or (iii) of subparagraph (A) for each feasibility study, project, and separable element on that list— ‘‘(i) the date of authorization of the feasibility study, project, or separable element, including any subsequent modifications to the original authorization; ‘‘(ii) the original budget authority for the feasibility study, project, or separable element; ‘‘(iii) a brief description of the feasibility study, project, or separable element; ‘‘(iv) the estimated date of completion of the feasibility study, project, or separable element, assuming all capability is fully funded; ‘‘(v) the estimated total cost of completion of the feasibility study, project, or separable element; ‘‘(vi) the amount of funds spent on the feasibility study, project, or separable element, including Federal and nonFederal funds; ‘‘(vii) the amount of appropriations estimated to be required in each fiscal year during the period of construction to complete the project or separable element by the date specified under clause (iv); ‘‘(viii) the location of the feasibility study, project, or separable element; ‘‘(ix) a statement from the nonFederal interest for the project or separable element indicating the nonFederal interest’s capability to provide the required local cooperation estimated to be required for the project or separable element in each fiscal year during the period of construction; ‘‘(x) the benefitcost ratio of the project or separable element, calculated using the discount rate specified by the Office of Management and Budget for purposes of preparing the President’s budget pursuant to chapter 11 of title 31, United States Code; ‘‘(xi) the benefitcost ratio of the project or separable element, calculated using the discount rate utilized by the Corps of Engineers for water resources development project planning pursuant to section 80 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–17); and ‘‘(xii) the last fiscal year in which the project or separable element incurred obligations. ‘‘(C) REQUIRED OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  
INFORMATION .—The Secretary shall include on the list developed under subparagraph (A)(iv), for each project and property under the control of the Corps of Engineers on that list— ‘‘(i) the authority under which the project was authorized or the property was acquired by the Corps of Engineers; ‘‘(ii) a brief description of the project or property; ‘‘(iii) an estimate of the Federal costs to meet the major operation and maintenance needs at the project or property; and ‘‘(iv) an estimate of unmet or deferred operation and maintenance needs at the project or property. ‘‘(D) PUBLICATION .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—For fiscal year 2020, and once every 2 years thereafter, in conjunction with the President’s annual budget submission to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the Secretary shall submit a copy of the lists developed under subparagraph (A) to— ‘‘(I) the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(II) the Director of the Office of Management and Budget. ‘‘(ii) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make a copy of the lists available on a publicly accessible website site in a manner that is downloadable, searchable, and sortable.’’. (b) BUDGETARY EVALUATION METRICS AND  TRANSPARENCY .—Beginning in fiscal year 2020, in the formulation of the annual budget request for the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Civil Works) pursuant to section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, the President shall ensure that such budget request— (1) aligns the assessment of the potential benefitcost ratio for budgeting water resources development projects with that used by the Corps of Engineers during project plan formulation and evaluation pursuant to section 80 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–17); and (2) demonstrates the transparent criteria and metrics utilized by the President in the evaluation and selection of water resources development projects included in such budget request. (c) PUBLIC PARTICIPATION .—In the development of, or any proposed major substantive modification to, a proposed budget for water resources development projects, the Secretary, through each District shall, not less frequently than annually— (1) provide to nonFederal interests and other interested stakeholders information on the proposed budget for projects or substantive modifications to project budgets within each District’s jurisdiction; (2) hold multiple public meetings to discuss the budget for projects within each District’s jurisdiction; and (3) provide to nonFederal interests the opportunity to collaborate with District personnel for projects within each District’s jurisdiction— (A) to support information sharing; and (B) to the maximum extent practicable, to share in concept development and decisionmaking to achieve complementary or integrated solutions to problems. 
(a) C OSTSHARING PROVISIONS FOR TERRITORIES AND INDIAN TRIBES .—Section 1156(a)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2310(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘(as defined’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘or tribal organization (as those terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)).’’. (b) WRITTEN AGREEMENT REQUIREMENT FOR  WATER RESOURCES PROJECTS .—Section 221(b)(1) of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5b(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘(including a’’ and all that follows through ‘‘; or’’ at the end and inserting ‘‘(including an Indian tribe and a tribal organization (as those terms are defined in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)); or’’. 
SEC. 1156. INFLATION ADJUSTMENT OF COST SHARING PROVISIONS FOR TERRITORIES AND INDIAN TRIBES. 
Section 1156(b) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2310(b)) is amended by striking ‘‘the date of enactment of this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2018’’. SEC. 1157. CORPS OF ENGINEERS CONTINUING AUTHORITIES PROGRAM. 
AND IMPACT MINIMIZATION PROGRAM .—Sec tion 3(c)(1) of the Act of August 13, 1946 (33 U.S.C. 426g(c)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$30,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$37,500,000’’. (b) SMALL RIVER AND HARBOR IMPROVEMENT  PROJECTS .—Section 107(a) of the River and Harbor Act of 1960 (33 U.S.C. 577(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘$50,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$62,500,000’’. (c) SHORE DAMAGE PREVENTION OR MITIGA TION.—Section 111(c) of the River and Harbor Act of 1968 (33 U.S.C. 426i(c)) is amended by striking ‘‘$10,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$12,500,000’’. (d) REGIONAL SEDIMENT MANAGEMENT .— Section 204(g) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (33 U.S.C. 2326(g)) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘$50,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$62,500,000’’. (e) SMALL FLOOD CONTROL PROJECTS .—Sec tion 205 of the Flood Control Act of 1948 (33 U.S.C. 701s) is amended in the first sentence by striking ‘‘$55,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$68,750,000’’. (f) AQUATIC ECOSYSTEM RESTORATION .—Sec tion 206(f) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (as redesignated by section 1149) is amended by striking ‘‘$50,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$62,500,000’’. (g) PROJECT MODIFICATIONS FOR IMPROVE MENT OF ENVIRONMENT .—Section 1135(h) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2309a(h)) is amended by striking ‘‘$40,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000,000’’. (h) EMERGENCY STREAMBANK AND SHORE LINE PROTECTION .—Section 14 of the Flood Control Act of 1946 (33 U.S.C. 701r) is amended by striking ‘‘$20,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$25,000,000’’. (i) TRIBAL PARTNERSHIP PROGRAM .—Sec tion 203(b)(4) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (33 U.S.C. 2269) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(4) DESIGN AND CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may carry out the design and construction of a water resources development project, or separable element of a project, described in paragraph (1) that the Secretary determines is feasible if the Federal share of the cost of the project or separable element is not more than $12,500,000. ‘‘(B) SPECIFIC AUTHORIZATION .—If the Federal share of the cost of the project or separable element described in subparagraph (A) is more than $12,500,000, the Secretary may only carry out the project or separable element if Congress enacts a law authorizing the Secretary to carry out the project or separable element.’’. 
Section 156 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1976 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5f) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Notwithstanding’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) TIMING .—The 15 additional years provided under paragraph (1) shall begin on the date of initiation of construction of congressionally authorized nourishment.’’; and (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘5 yearperiod’’ and inserting ‘‘10year period’’. 
Section 22(a) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 1962d16(a)) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: 
‘‘(1) C OMPREHENSIVE PLANS .—The Secretary of the Army, acting through the Chief of Engineers, is authorized to cooperate with any State, group of States, nonFederal interest working with a State or group of States, or regional coalition of governmental entities in the preparation of comprehensive plans for the development, utilization, and conservation of the water and related resources of drainage basins, watersheds, or ecosystems located within the boundaries of such State, interest, or entity, including plans to comprehensively address water resources challenges, and to submit to Congress reports and recommendations with respect to appropriate Federal participation in carrying out such plans.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) INSTITUTION OF HIGHER EDUCATION .— Notwithstanding section 236 of title 10, United States Code, in carrying out this subsection, the Secretary may work with an institution of higher education, as determined appropriate by the Secretary.’’. 
Section 5(a)(1) of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n(a)(1)) is amended in the first sentence— (1) by striking ‘‘strengthening, raising, extending, or other modification thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘strengthening, raising, extending, realigning, or other modification thereof’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘structure or project damaged or destroyed by wind, wave, or water action of other than an ordinary nature to the design level of protection when, in the discretion of the Chief of Engineers,’’ and inserting ‘‘structure or project damaged or destroyed by wind, wave, or water action of other than an ordinary nature to either the prestorm level or the design level of protection, whichever provides greater protection, when, in the discretion of the Chief of Engineers,’’. 
(a) C OST BENEFIT AND SPECIAL CONDITIONS .—Section 5(a) of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n(a)), as amended by this Act, is further amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) COST AND BENEFIT FEASIBILITY ASSESS MENT .— ‘‘(A) CONSIDERATION OF BENEFITS .—In pre paring a cost and benefit feasibility assessment for any emergency project described in paragraph (1), the Chief of Engineers shall consider the benefits to be gained by such project for the protection of— ‘‘(i) residential establishments; ‘‘(ii) commercial establishments, including the protection of inventory; and ‘‘(iii) agricultural establishments, including the protection of crops. ‘‘(B) SPECIAL CONDITIONS .— ‘‘(i) AUTHORITY TO CARRY OUT WORK .—The Chief of Engineers may carry out repair or restoration work described in paragraph (1) that does not produce benefits greater than the cost if— ‘‘(I) the nonFederal sponsor agrees to pay an amount sufficient to make the remaining costs of the project equal to the estimated value of the benefits of the repair or restoration work; and ‘‘(II) the Secretary determines that— ‘‘(aa) the damage to the structure was not a result of negligent operation or maintenance; and ‘‘(bb) repair of the project could benefit another Corps project. ‘‘(ii) TREATMENT OF PAYMENTS .—NonFed eral payments pursuant to clause (i) shall be in addition to any nonFederal payments required by the Chief of Engineers that are applicable to the remaining costs of the repair or restoration work.’’. (b) CONTINUED ELIGIBILITY .—Notwith standing a nonFederal flood control work’s status in the Rehabilitation and Inspection Program carried out pursuant to section 5 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n), any unconstructed emergency project for the nonFederal flood control work that was formulated during the three fiscal years preceding the fiscal year in which this Act was enacted but that was determined to not produce benefits greater than costs shall remain eligible for assistance under such section 5 until the last day of the third fiscal year following the fiscal year in which this Act was enacted if— (1) the nonFederal sponsor agrees, in accordance with such section 5, as amended by this Act, to pay an amount sufficient to make the remaining costs of the project equal to the estimated value of the benefits of the repair or restoration work; and (2) the Secretary determines that— (A) the damage to the structure was not as a result of negligent operation or maintenance; and (B) repair of the project could benefit another Corps project. 
SEC. 1162. EXTENDED COMMUNITY ASSISTANCE BY THE CORPS OF ENGINEERS. 
Section 5(a) of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n(a)), as amended by this Act, is further amended— (1) by redesignating paragraph (3) as paragraph (4); and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) EXTENDED ASSISTANCE .—Upon request by a locality receiving assistance under the fourth sentence of paragraph (1), the Secretary shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, enter into an agreement with the locality to provide such assistance beyond the time period otherwise provided for by the Secretary under such sentence.’’. 
Section 14 of the National Dam Safety Program Act (33 U.S.C. 467j) is amended by striking ‘‘2015 through 2019’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
With the consent of the nonFederal interest for a feasibility study for a water resources development project, the Secretary may enter into a written agreement under section 221(a) of the Flood Control Act of 1970, with a unit of local government in the watershed that has adopted a local or regional water management plan, to allow the unit of local government to participate in the feasibility study to determine if there is an opportunity to include additional feasible elements in the project in order to help achieve the purposes identified in the local or regional water management plan. 
Section 14 of the Act of March 3, 1899 (33 U.S.C. 408) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) WORK DEFINED .—For the purposes of this section, the term ‘work’ shall not include unimproved real estate owned or operated by the Secretary as part of a water resources development project if the Secretary determines that modification of such real estate would not affect the function and usefulness of the project.’’. 
SEC. 1166. ADVANCED FUNDS FOR WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT STUDIES AND PROJECTS. 
(a) C ONTRIBUTIONS BY STATES AND POLITICAL SUBDIVISIONS FOR IMMEDIATE USE ON AUTHORIZED FLOOD CONTROL WORK; R EPAY MENT .—The Act of October 15, 1940 (33 U.S.C. 701h–1) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘a floodcontrol project duly adopted and authorized by law’’ and inserting ‘‘a federally authorized water resources development project,’’; (2) by striking ‘‘such work’’ and inserting ‘‘such project’’; (3) by striking ‘‘from appropriations which may be provided by Congress for floodcontrol work’’ and inserting ‘‘if appropriations are provided by Congress for such purpose’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘For purposes of this Act, the term ‘State’ means the several States, the District of Columbia, the commonwealths, territories, and possessions of the United States, and Indian tribes (as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian Self Determination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304(e))).’’. (b) NOADVERSE EFFECT ON PROCESSES .—In implementing any provision of law that authorizes a nonFederal interest to provide, advance, or contribute funds to the Secretary for the development or implementation of a water resources development project (including sections 203 and 204 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231, 2232), section 5 of the Act of June 22, 1936 (33 U.S.C. 701h), and the Act of October 15, 1940 (33 U.S.C. 701h–1)), the Secretary shall ensure, to the maximum extent practicable, that the use by a nonFederal interest of such authorities does not adversely affect— (1) the process or timeline for development and implementation of other water resources development projects by other nonFederal entities that do not use such authorities; or (2) the process for including such projects in the President’s annual budget submission to Congress under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code. (c) ADVANCES BY PRIVATE PARTIES ; REPAY MENT .—Section 11 of the Act of March 3, 1925 (Chapter 467; 33 U.S.C. 561) is repealed. 
SEC. 1167. COSTS IN EXCESS OF FEDERAL PARTICIPATION LIMIT. 
Section 14 of the Flood Control Act of 1946 (33 U.S.C. 701r), as amended by this Act, is further amended by inserting ‘‘, and if such amount is not sufficient to cover the costs included in the Federal cost share for a project, as determined by the Secretary, the nonFederal interest shall be responsible for any such costs that exceed such amount’’ before the period at the end. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In carrying out a disposition study for a project of the Corps of Engineers, or a separable element of such a project, including a disposition study under section 216 of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (33 U.S.C. 549a), the Secretary shall consider modifications that would improve the overall quality of the environment in the public interest, including removal of the project or separable element of a project. (b) DISPOSITION STUDY TRANSPARENCY .— The Secretary shall carry out disposition studies described in subsection (a) in a transparent manner, including by— (1) providing opportunities for public input; and (2) publishing the final disposition studies. (c) REMOVAL OF INFRASTRUCTURE .—For dis position studies described in subsection (a) in which the Secretary determines that a Federal interest no longer exists, and makes a recommendation of removal of the project or separable element of a project, the Secretary is authorized, using existing authorities, to pursue removal of the project or separable element of a project in partnership with other Federal agencies and nonFederal entities with appropriate capabilities to undertake infrastructure removal. 
Section 5 of the Act of June 22, 1936 (33 U.S.C. 701h), is amended by inserting after ‘‘authorized purposes of the project:’’ the following: ‘‘Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to receive and expend funds from an owner of a nonFederal reservoir to formulate, review, or revise operational documents for any nonFederal reservoir for which the Secretary is authorized to prescribe regulations for the use of storage allocated for flood control or navigation pursuant to section 7 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (33 U.S.C. 709):’’. 
Section 104 of the River and Harbor Act of 1958 (33 U.S.C. 610) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (b) to read as follows: ‘‘(b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $110,000,000 for each fiscal year, of which— ‘‘(A) $30,000,000 shall be made available to carry out subsection (d)(1)(A)(i); ‘‘(B) $30,000,000 shall be made available to carry out subsection (d)(1)(A)(ii); and ‘‘(C) $30,000,000 shall be made available to carry out subsection (d)(1)(A)(iii). ‘‘(2) CONTROL OPERATIONS .—Any funds made available under paragraph (1) to be used for control operations shall be allocated by the Chief of Engineers on a priority basis, based on the urgency and need of each area and the availability of local funds.’’; and (2) in subsection (d)— (A) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) WATERCRAFT INSPECTION STATIONS .—In carrying out this section, the Secretary shall establish (as applicable), operate, and maintain new or existing watercraft inspection stations— ‘‘(i) to protect the Columbia River Basin; ‘‘(ii) to protect the Upper Missouri River Basin; and ‘‘(iii) to protect the Upper Colorado River Basin and the South Platte and Arizona River Basins. ‘‘(B) LOCATIONS .—The Secretary shall establish watercraft inspection stations under subparagraph (A) at locations with the highest likelihood of preventing the spread of aquatic invasive species at reservoirs operated and maintained by the Secretary, as determined by the Secretary in consultation with States within the areas described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) RAPID RESPONSE .—The Secretary shall assist States within the areas described in subparagraph (A) with rapid response to any aquatic invasive species, including quagga or zebra mussel, infestation.’’; and (B) by amending paragraph (3)(A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) the Governors of the States within the areas described in each of clauses (i) through (iii) of paragraph (1)(A), as applicable;’’. 
SEC. 1171. RESTRICTED AREAS AT CORPS OF ENGINEERS DAMS. 
Section 2 of the Freedom to Fish Act (Public Law 113–13; 127 Stat. 449, 128 Stat. 1271) is amended by striking ‘‘4 years after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘5 years after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2018’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Pursuant to section 111 of the River and Harbor Act of 1968 (33 U.S.C. 426i), the Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, complete operation and maintenance renourishment to mitigate coastal erosion attributed to Federal project structures in the upper northeast United States. (b) PROJECT SELECTION .—In carrying out the work under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) identify and carry out not more than 5 projects— (A) located in any of the States of Maine, New Hampshire, Massachusetts, Connecticut, Rhode Island, or New York; and (B) for which a feasibility study has been completed by December 31, 2019, that includes findings that a Federal project structure is interrupting the natural flow of sediment and causing coastal erosion; and (2) consult with relevant State agencies in selecting projects. 
SEC. 1173. PROHIBITION ON SURPLUS WATER FEES, LAKE CUMBERLAND WATERSHED, KENTUCKY AND TENNESSEE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall not charge a fee for surplus water under a contract entered into pursuant to section 6 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (33 U.S.C. 708), if the contract is for surplus water stored in the Lake Cumberland Watershed, Kentucky and Tennessee. (b) TERMINATION .—The limitation under subsection (a) shall expire on the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) APPLICABILITY .—Nothing in this section— (1) affects the authority of the Secretary under section 2695 of title 10, United States Code, to accept funds or to cover the administrative expenses relating to certain real property transactions; (2) affects the application of section 6 of the Act of December 22, 1944 (33 U.S.C. 708) or section 301 of the Water Supply Act of 1958 (43 U.S.C. 390b) to surplus water stored outside of the Lake Cumberland Watershed, Kentucky and Tennessee; or (3) affects the authority of the Secretary to accept funds under section 216(c) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 2321a(c)). 
(a) R ESTARTING OF TEMPORARY DEVIATION .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary shall restart the temporary deviation in the operation of Cochiti Lake and Jemez Canyon Dam, that was initiated in 2009 and terminated in 2013, to continue to evaluate the effects of the deviation. (b) APPROVAL AND CONSULTATION .—Before restarting the temporary deviation under subsection (a), the Secretary shall, as required under the applicable water control manuals— (1) first obtain approval from— (A) Pueblo de Cochiti; (B) Pueblo of Santa Ana; and (C) the Rio Grande Compact Commission established by the compact approved by Congress under the Act of May 31, 1939 (53 Stat. 785, chapter 155); and (2) to the maximum extent practicable, consult with the existing Cochiti Lake Environmental Resources Team, which includes other Federal agencies and landowners in the region. (c) SUNSET .—The authority to conduct the temporary deviation described in subsection (a) shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date on which the Secretary restarts the temporary deviation under such subsection. 
SEC. 1175. PROHIBITION OF ADMINISTRATIVE FEES IN IMPLEMENTING ROUGH RIVER LAKE FLOWAGE EASEMENT ENCROACHMENT RESOLUTION PLAN. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) ELIGIBLE PROPERTY OWNER .—The term ‘‘eligible property owner’’ means the owner of a property— (A)(i) described in Scenario A, B, C, or D in the Plan; or (ii) that consists of vacant land located above 534 feet mean sea level that is encumbered by a Rough River Lake flowage easement; and (B) for which the Rough River Lake flowage easement is not required to address backwater effects. (2) PLAN.—The term ‘‘Plan’’ means the Rough River Lake Flowage Easement Encroachment Resolution Plan of the Corps of Engineers, dated January 2017. (b) PROHIBITION ON ASSESSING ADMINISTRA TIVE FEES.—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in carrying out the Plan, the Secretary may not impose on or collect from any eligible property owner any administrative fee, including— (1) a fee to pay the costs to the Corps of Engineers of processing requests to resolve encroachments under the Plan; (2) fees for deed drafting and surveying; and (3) any other administrative cost incurred by the Corps of Engineers in implementing the Plan. (c) REFUND OF ADMINISTRATIVE FEES.—In the case of an eligible property owner who has paid any administrative fees described in paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b) to the Corps of Engineers, the Corps of Engineers shall refund those fees on request of the eligible property owner. (d) SAVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section affects the responsibility or authority of the Secretary to continue carrying out the Plan, including any work necessary to extinguish the flowage easement of the United States with respect to the property of any eligible property owner. 
(a) D EFINITION OF ENVIRONMENTAL IMPACT  STATEMENT .—In this section, the term ‘‘environmental impact statement’’ means the detailed written statement required under section 102(2)(C) of the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4332(2)(C)). (b) DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM .—The Sec retary shall establish a demonstration program to allow a project authorized to execute pursuant to section 211 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (33 U.S.C. 701b–13) (as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1193)) to begin preconstruction engineering and design on a determination by the Secretary that the project is technically feasible, economically justified, and environmentally acceptable. (c) REQUIREMENTS .—For each project authorized to begin preconstruction engineering and design under subsection (b)— (1) the project shall conform to the feasibility study and the environmental impact statement approved by the Secretary; and (2) the Secretary and the nonFederal sponsor shall jointly agree to the construction design of the project. (d) SECRETARY REVIEW OF POTENTIAL ADVERSE IMPACTS .—When reviewing the feasibility study and the environmental impact statement for a project under subsection (b), the Secretary shall follow current USACE Policy, Regulations, and Guidance, to assess potential adverse downstream impacts to the Pearl River Basin. Upon completion of the Secretary’s determination under subsection (b), the nonFederal sponsor shall design the project in a manner that addresses any potential adverse impacts or that provides mitigation in accordance with section 906 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2283). 
(e) S UNSET .—The authority to carry out the demonstration program under this section shall terminate on the date that is 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (f) SAVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section supersedes, precludes, or affects any applicable requirements for a project under subsection (b) under— (1) section 906 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2283); or (2) the Comprehensive Environmental Response, Compensation, and Liability Act of 1980 (42 U.S.C. 9601 et seq.). Subtitle B—Studies and Reports 
The Secretary is authorized to conduct a feasibility study for the following projects for water resources development and conservation and other purposes, as identified in the reports titled ‘‘Report to Congress on Future Water Resources Development’’ submitted to Congress on March 17, 2017, and February 5, 2018, respectively, pursuant to section 7001 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282d) or otherwise reviewed by Congress: (1) CAVE BUTTES DAM , ARIZONA .—Project for flood risk management, Phoenix, Arizona. (2) SAN DIEGO RIVER , CALIFORNIA .—Project for flood risk management, navigation, and ecosystem restoration, San Diego, California. (3) J. 
BENNETT JOHNSTON WATERWAY , LOUISIANA .—Project for navigation, J. Bennett Johnston Waterway, Louisiana. (4) NORTHSHORE , LOUISIANA .—Project for flood risk management, St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana. (5) OUACHITA BLACK RIVERS , LOUISIANA .— Project for navigation, Little River, Louisiana. (6) CHAUTAUQUA LAKE , NEW YORK .—Project for ecosystem restoration and flood risk management, Chautauqua, New York. (7) TRINITY RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES , 
TEXAS .—Project for navigation, Liberty, Texas. (8) WEST CELL LEVEE , TEXAS .—Project for flood risk management, Irving, Texas. (9) COASTAL VIRGINIA , VIRGINIA .—Project for flood risk management, ecosystem restoration, and navigation, Coastal Virginia. (10) TANGIER ISLAND , VIRGINIA .—Project for flood risk management and ecosystem restoration, Tangier Island, Virginia. 
(a) L OWER MISSISSIPPI RIVER; M ISSOURI , KENTUCKY , T ENNESSEE , A RKANSAS , M ISSISSIPPI , ANDLOUISIANA .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary is authorized to carry out studies to determine the feasibility of habitat restoration for each of the eight reaches identified as priorities in the report prepared by the Secretary pursuant to section 402 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000, titled ‘‘Lower Mississippi River Resource Assessment; Final Assessment In Response to Section 402 of WRDA 2000’’ and dated July 2015. (2) CONSULTATION .—The Secretary shall consult with the Lower Mississippi River Conservation Committee during each feasibility study carried out under paragraph (1). (b) ST. LOUIS RIVERFRONT , MERAMEC RIVER BASIN, MISSOURI AND ILLINOIS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary is authorized to carry out studies to determine the feasibility of a project for ecosystem restoration and flood risk management in Madison, St. Clair, and Monroe Counties, Illinois, St. Louis City, and St. Louis, Jefferson, Franklin, Gasconade, Maries, Phelps, Crawford, Dent, Washington, Iron, St. Francois, St. Genevieve, Osage, Reynolds, and Texas Counties, Missouri. (2) CONTINUATION OF EXISTING STUDY .—Any study carried out under paragraph (1) shall be considered a continuation of the study being carried out under Committee Resolution 2642 of the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, adopted June 21, 2000. 
(a) F EASIBILITY REPORTS .—The Secretary shall expedite the completion of a feasibility study for each of the following projects, and if the Secretary determines that the project is justified in a completed report, may proceed directly to preconstruction planning, engineering, and design of the project: (1) Project for riverbank stabilization, Selma, Alabama. (2) Project for ecosystem restoration, Three Mile Creek, Alabama. (3) Project for navigation, Nome, Alaska. (4) Project for flood diversion, Seward, Alaska. (5) Project for flood control, water conservation, and related purposes, Coyote Valley Dam, California. (6) Project for flood risk management, Lower Cache Creek, California. (7) Project for flood risk management, Lower San Joaquin River, California, as described in section 1322(b)(2)(F) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1707) (second phase of feasibility study). (8) Project for flood risk management, South San Francisco, California. (9) Project for flood risk management and ecosystem restoration, Tijuana River, California. (10) Project for flood damage reduction, WestminsterEast Garden Grove, California. (11) Project for flood risk management in East Hartford, Connecticut. (12) Project for flood risk management in Hartford, Connecticut. (13) Projects under the Comprehensive Flood Mitigation Study for the Delaware River Basin. (14) Project for ecosystem restoration, Lake Apopka, Florida. (15) Project for ecosystem restoration, Kansas River Weir, Kansas. (16) Project for navigation and channel deepening, Baptiste Collette Bayou, Louisiana, under section 203 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231). (17) Project for navigation and channel deepening, Houma Navigation Canal, Louisiana, under section 203 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231). (18) Project for navigation and channel deepening, Bayou Lafourche, Louisiana, under section 203 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231). (19) Project for flood damage reduction and ecosystem restoration, St. Tammany Parish, Louisiana. (20) Project for ecosystem restoration, Warren Glen Dam Removal, Musconetcong River, New Jersey. (21) Project for flood risk management, Rahway River Basin, New Jersey. (22) The HudsonRaritan Estuary Comprehensive Restoration Project, New Jersey and New York. (23) Project for flood control and water supply, Abiquiu Dam, New Mexico. (24) Project for reformulation, East Rockaway Inlet to Rockaway Inlet and Jamaica Bay, Queens, New York. (25) Project for navigation, New YorkNew Jersey Harbor and Tributaries Focus Area. (26) Project for water resource improvements, Willamette River Basin, Fern Ridge, Oregon. (27) Project for coastal storm risk management, Pawcatuck River, Rhode Island. (28) Project for the Rhode Island historical structure flood hazard vulnerability assessment. (29) Project for coastal storm risk management, Norfolk, Virginia. (30) Project for navigation, Tacoma Harbor, Washington. (b) LOWER SANJOAQUIN RIVER, C ALIFORNIA .—In expediting completion of the second phase of the Lower San Joaquin River feasibility study under subsection (a)(7), the Secretary shall review and give priority to any plans and designs requested by nonFederal interests and incorporate such plans and designs into the Federal study if the Secretary determines that such plans and designs are consistent with Federal standards. (c) HUDSON RARITAN ESTUARY COMPREHEN SIVE RESTORATION PROJECT , NEWJERSEY AND  NEWYORK.—In the case of a recommendation for restoration activities within the Jamaica Bay Unit of the HudsonRaritan Estuary Comprehensive Restoration Project, New Jersey and New York, under subsection (a)(22), which are to protect property under the jurisdiction of the National Park Service, the Secretary may recommend to Congress that the Secretary accept and expend funds from the National Park Service to carry out such activities. (d) POSTAUTHORIZATION CHANGE REPORT .— The Secretary shall expedite completion of a postauthorization change report for the project for flood risk management, San Luis Rey River Flood Control Protection Project, California. (e) HUNTINGDON COUNTY , PENNSYLVANIA .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall expedite the updating of the master plan for the Juniata River and tributaries project, Huntingdon County, Pennsylvania, authorized by section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1962 (Public Law 87–874; 76 Stat. 1182). (2) PROCESS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Secretary shall update the master plan in accordance with section 1309(a)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (Public Law 114–322; 130 Stat. 1693). (f) UPPER MISSOURI RIVER BASIN FLOOD AND  DROUGHT MONITORING .—The Secretary shall expedite activities authorized under section 4003(a) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1311, 130 Stat. 1677). (g) PROJECT MODIFICATIONS FOR IMPROVE MENT OF ENVIRONMENT .—For fiscal years 2019 and 2020, the Secretary shall give priority to projects that restore degraded ecosystems through modification of existing flood risk management projects for projects— (1) authorized under section 1135 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2309a); and (2) located within the Upper Missouri River Basin. (h) EXPEDITED COMPLETION OF CERTAIN  PROJECTS .—It is the sense of Congress that the Secretary should provide funding for, and expedite the completion of, the following projects: (1) West Haven, Connecticut, as authorized by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1954 (68 Stat. 1254) and section 3 of the Act of August 13, 1946 (60 Stat. 1056, chapter 960; 33 U.S.C. 426g). (2) Providence River, Rhode Island, as authorized by the first section of the Act of August 26, 1937 (50 Stat. 845, chapter 832) and section 301 of the River and Harbor Act of 1965 (79 Stat. 1089). (3) Morganza to the Gulf, Louisiana, as authorized by section 7002(3) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1368). (4) Louisiana Coastal Area, Louisiana, as authorized by section 7002(5) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1369). 
(5) Louisiana Coastal Area–Barataria Basin Barrier, Louisiana, as authorized by section 7002(5) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1370). (6) West Shore Lake Pontchartrain, Louisiana, as authorized by section 1401(3) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1712). (7) Southwest Coastal Louisiana, Louisiana, as authorized by section 1401(8) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1715). (8) West Thompson Lake, Connecticut, as authorized by section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1960 (74 Stat. 489). 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) conduct a study on the benefitcost procedures of the Secretary and the Director of the Office of Management and Budget (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Director’’), including— (A) an examination of the benefits and costs that the Secretary and the Director do and do not include in the benefitcost calculation, including, at a minimum, local and regional economic benefits; and (B) a review of the calculation, if any, of navigation benefits used in a benefitcost calculation for a noncommercial harbor that is used by a State maritime academy (as defined in section 51102 of title 46, United States Code) for military training purposes; and (2) submit to Congress a report that— (A) describes the results of the study under paragraph (1); and (B) includes recommendations for legislative or regulatory changes to improve the benefitcost analysis procedures of the Secretary and the Director. 
(a) D EADLINE .—Not later than 180 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit reports under section 210(e)(3) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238(e)(3)) and section 330 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (26 U.S.C. 9505 note; Public Law 102–580) to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate. (b) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .—For each report described in subsection (a) that is submitted after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall include, on a projectbyproject basis, additional information identifying— (1) the most recent fiscal year for which operations and maintenance activities have been carried out and the cost of those activities; and (2) the operations and maintenance activities that were performed through either a recommendation from Congress or unspecified funds made available for ongoing work. (c) AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make publicly available all reports described in subsection (a) submitted before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1206. IDENTIFICATION OF NONPOWERED DAMS FOR HYDROPOWER DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall develop a list of existing nonpowered dams owned and operated by the Corps of Engineers that have the greatest potential for hydropower development. (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the list under subsection (a), the Secretary may consider the following: (1) The compatibility of hydropower generation with existing purposes of the dam. (2) The proximity of the dam to existing transmission resources. (3) The existence of studies to characterize environmental, cultural, and historic resources relating to the dam. (4) Whether hydropower is an authorized purpose of the dam. (c) AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall provide the list developed under subsection (a) to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate, and make such list available to the public. 
SEC. 1207. STUDY ON INNOVATIVE PORTS FOR OFFSHORE WIND DEVELOPMENT. 
(a) D EFINITION OF INNOVATIVE PORT FOR  OFFSHORE WINDDEVELOPMENT .—In this section, the term ‘‘innovative port for offshore wind development’’ includes any federally authorized port or harbor that can accommodate (including through retrofitting)— (1) the upright assembly of the majority of an offshore wind facility, including the foundation, tower, turbine, blade, and electrical components; (2) an assembly area, groundbearing pressure, and overhead clearance for the assembly of offshore wind facility turbines, which each have a capacity of up to 20 megawatts; (3) a heavylift quay and not less than 25 acres of port storage; (4) innovative offshore wind facility and vessel technologies that allow for the rapid installation of an offshore wind facility; and (5) any other innovative offshore wind facility technology, as determined by the Secretary. (b) STUDY AND REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (A) in consultation with the all appropriate Federal agencies, carry out a study of all federally authorized ports and harbors, including in the MidAtlantic, Gulf Coast, West Coast, Great Lakes, and New England regions of the United States, to identify— (i) not less than 3 suitable federally authorized ports and harbors in those regions that could become innovative ports for offshore wind development; (ii) barriers to the development of innovative ports for offshore wind development; (iii) the Federal and State actions, including dredging and construction of supporting infrastructure, needed to facilitate the development of the federally authorized ports and harbors identified under clause (i) to become innovative ports for offshore wind development; and (iv) recommendations on any further research needed to improve federally authorized ports and harbors in the United States for offshore wind facility development and deployment; and (B) submit to Congress a report describing the results of the study under subparagraph (A). (2) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out the study under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall consult with, at a minimum— (A) the Governor of each State in which a port or harbor was identified; (B) affected port authorities; (C) units of local government; and (D) relevant experts in engineering, environment, and industry considerations. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a report that— (1) describes activities conducted by the Corps of Engineers at centers of expertise, technology centers, technical centers, research and development centers, and similar facilities and organizations relating to the testing, research, development, identification, and recommended uses for innovative materials and advanced technologies, including construction management technologies, in water resources development projects; and (2) provides recommendations for types of water resources development projects in which innovative materials and advanced technologies should be used. SEC. 1209. STUDY AND REPORT ON EXPEDITING CERTAIN WAIVER PROCESSES. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete and submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report based on the results of a study on the best options available to the Secretary to implement the waiver process for the nonFederal cost share under section 116 of the Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2010 (Public Law 111–85; 123 Stat. 2851). 
Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress and make publicly available a report that describes— (1) the extent to which the Secretary has carried out section 3 of the Act of March 2, 1945 (33 U.S.C. 603a); and (2) how the Secretary has evaluated potential work to be carried out under that section. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate on— (1) flooding within urban floodplains; and (2) the Federal policy constraints on the ability of the Secretary to address urban flooding, including the regulations under part 238 of title 33, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the date of enactment of this Act) (including the limitation under section 238.7(a)(1) of that title that allows the Secretary to provide assistance only where the flood discharge of a stream or waterway within an urban area is greater than 800 cubic feet per second for the 10percent flood). 
Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report that identifies— (1) feasibility studies that are incomplete as of the date of enactment of this Act for a project for mitigation of damage to an area affected by weather or other events for which— (A) during the 8year period ending on the date of enactment of this Act— (i) the Secretary provided emergency response under section 5 of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n); or (ii) the area received assistance under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.); and (B) there is significant risk for future similar events (as determined by the Secretary); and (2) for each feasibility study identified under paragraph (1), impediments to completing the study. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall— (1) complete a study on the application of section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, enhanced use leasing authorities, and other military leasing authorities to the civil works program of the Secretary; and (2) submit to Congress a report on the results of the study under paragraph (1), including a description of the obstacles that must be removed so that the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works may implement the authorities. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than two years after the date of enactment of this section, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report on any potential disproportionate and adverse health or environmental effects of programs, policies, and activities of the Corps of Engineers related to water resources development projects on minority communities, lowincome communities, rural communities, and Indian Tribes. (b) CONSULTATION .—In preparing the report under subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide public and private meetings with representatives of minority communities, low income communities, rural communities, and Indian Tribes, as well as representatives of State and local governments, and shall ensure that sufficient meetings are held in different geographic regions of the United States to ensure that a diversity of views are obtained. (c) RECOMMENDATIONS .—The report submitted under subsection (a) shall include— (1) the identification of any disproportionate and adverse health or environmental effects to the communities and Tribes; and (2) any recommendations of the Secretary for addressing such effects, including recommended changes to the statutory or regulatory authorities of the Corps of Engineers, or changes to the policies or guidance of the Corps of Engineers. 
Section 1012(b)(1) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2315a(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2018, the Secretary’’. 
Section 210(e) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2238) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘shall assess the’’ and inserting ‘‘shall assess, and issue a report to Congress on, the’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) OPPORTUNITIES FOR BENEFICIAL USE OF  
DREDGED MATERIALS .—In carrying out paragraph (1), the Secretary shall identify potential opportunities for the beneficial use of dredged materials obtained from harbors and inland harbors referred to in subsection (a)(2), including projects eligible under section 1122 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1645; 33 U.S.C. 2326 note).’’. 
(a) A SSESSMENT .—With respect to each project classified as class III under the Dam Safety Action Classification of the Corps of Engineers for which the Secretary has assumed responsibility for maintenance as of the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall assess— (1) the anticipated effects of the Secretary continuing to be responsible for the maintenance of the project during the period that ends 15 years after the date of enactment of this Act, including the benefits to the State and local community; and (2) the anticipated effects of the Secretary not continuing to be responsible for the maintenance of the project during such 15 year period, including the costs to the State and local community. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after completion of the assessment under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report summarizing the results of the assessment. 
SEC. 1218. NORTH ATLANTIC DIVISION REPORT ON HURRICANE BARRIERS AND HARBORS OF REFUGE. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, in consultation with State and local experts in the North Atlantic Division of the Corps of Engineers, shall submit to Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report on the durability and resiliency of existing hurricane barriers and harbors of refuge in the North Atlantic Division, giving particular consideration as to how such barriers and harbors will survive and fully serve their planned levels of protection under current, near, and longer term future predicted sea levels, storm surges, and storm strengths. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out a comprehensive assessment of the water resources needs of the Great Lakes System under section 729 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2267a). (b) COOPERATION .—In carrying out the assessment pursuant to subsection (a), the Secretary shall cooperate with stakeholders and coordinate with all ongoing programs and projects of the Great Lakes Restoration Initiative under section 118(c)(7) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268). (c) DEFINITIONS .—The term ‘‘Great Lakes System’’ has the meaning given such term in section 118(a) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1268(a)). 
SEC. 1220. MCMICKEN DAM, ARIZONA, AND MUDDY RIVER, MASSACHUSETTS. 
(a) R EPORT .—The Secretary shall submit a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment on Public Works of the Senate on the status of— (1) the project at McMicken Dam, Arizona, authorized by section 304 of the Act of August 7, 1953 (67 Stat. 450); and (2) the project for flood damage reduction and environmental restoration, Muddy River, Brookline and Boston, Massachusetts, authorized by section 522 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (114 Stat. 2656). (b) REQUIREMENTS .—The report under subsection (a) shall include a description of the reasons of the Secretary for deauthorizing the projects described in subsection (a). 
Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report on the implementation of section 1185(c) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1680). SEC. 1222. FORECASTINFORMED RESERVOIR OPERATIONS. 
(a) R EPORT ON FORECAST INFORMED RESERVOIR OPERATIONS .—Not later than one year after the date of completion of the forecast informed reservoir operations research study pilot program at Coyote Valley Dam, Russian River Basin, California (authorized by the River and Harbor Act of 1950 (64 Stat. 177)), the Secretary shall issue a report to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate on the results of the study pilot program. (b) CONTENTS OF REPORT .—The Secretary shall include in the report issued under subsection (a)— (1) an analysis of the use of forecastinformed reservoir operations at Coyote Valley Dam, California; (2) an assessment of the viability of using forecastinformed reservoir operations at other dams owned or operated by the Secretary; (3) an identification of other dams owned or operated by the Secretary where forecast informed reservoir operations may assist the Secretary in the optimization of future reservoir operations; and (4) any additional areas for future study of forecastinformed reservoir operations. 
Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall complete and submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report summarizing the path forward and timeline to implement the project for flood risk management at Cedar River, Cedar Rapids, Iowa, authorized by section 7002(2) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1366). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report on the structure and operations plan for the Old River control structure authorized by the Flood Control Act of 1954 (68 Stat. 1258), based on the best available science, improved monitoring capabilities, and other factors as determined by the Secretary, including consideration of— (1) flood control; (2) navigational conditions; (3) water supply; (4) ecosystem restoration and ecological productivity; and (5) hydroelectric production. (b) PUBLIC PARTICIPATION .—In developing the report required by subsection (a), the Secretary shall provide opportunity for public input and stakeholder engagement, including public meetings. 
Section 2010 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1270) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(d) CONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out a disposition study with respect to the Upper St. Anthony Falls Lock and Dam, including a disposition study under section 216 of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (33 U.S.C. 549a), the Secretary shall expedite completion of such 
study and shall produce a report on the Upper St. Anthony Falls Lock and Dam that is separate from any report on any other lock or dam included in such study that includes plans for— ‘‘(1) carrying out modifications to the Upper St. Anthony Falls Lock and Dam to— ‘‘(A) preserve and enhance recreational opportunities and the health of the ecosystem; and ‘‘(B) maintain the benefits to the natural ecosystem and human environment; ‘‘(2) a partial disposition of the Upper St. Anthony Falls Lock and Dam facility and surrounding real property that preserves any portion of the Upper St. Anthony Falls Lock and Dam necessary to maintain flood control; and ‘‘(3) expediting the disposition described in this subsection. ‘‘(e) CONTRIBUTED FUNDS .—The Secretary shall accept and expend funds to carry out the study described in subsection (d) that are contributed by a State or a political subdivision of a State under the Act of October 15, 1940 (33 U.S.C. 701h–1).’’. 
(a) IRC R EPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report regarding the impacts of interceptionrearing complex construction on the navigation, flood control, and other authorized purposes set forth in the Missouri River Master Manual, and on the population recovery of the pallid sturgeon. (b) NOADDITIONAL IRC C ONSTRUCTION .— Until the report under subsection (a) is submitted, no additional interceptionrearing complex construction is authorized. 
SEC. 1227. LOWER MISSOURI RIVER BANK STABILIZATION AND NAVIGATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report on the function and reliability of the Lower Missouri River bank stabilization and navigation project, authorized by the first section of the Act of July 25, 1912 (37 Stat. 219, chapter 253). (b) CONSIDERATIONS AND COORDINATION .—In developing the report required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) consider recommended improvements to the project described in such subsection and current and future flood risks; and (2) coordinate with State and local governments and affected stakeholders. 
The Secretary shall expedite the completion of studies for flood damage reduction, hurricane and storm damage reduction, and ecosystem restoration in the coastal areas of Texas that are identified in the interim report due to be published in 2018 that describes the tentatively selected plan developed in accordance with section 4091 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (121 Stat. 1187). 
SEC. 1229. REPORT ON WATER SUPPLY CONTRACT, WRIGHT PATMAN LAKE, TEXAS. 
Not later than June 30, 2019, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate a report on the status of the implementation of the water supply contract, Department of the Army, Civil Works Contract No. 29–68–A– 0130, at Wright Patman Lake, Texas, that— (1) describes the implementation of that contract at Wright Patman Lake; and (2) identifies— (A) the activities that the Secretary expects to be necessary to complete the execution of the contract; (B) the expected completion date for each activity identified under subparagraph (A); and (C) the expected date of completion of the execution of the contract. Subtitle C—Deauthorizations, Modifications, and Related Provisions SEC. 1301. DEAUTHORIZATION OF INACTIVE PROJECTS. 
(a) P URPOSES .—The purposes of this section are— (1) to identify $4,000,000,000 in water resources development projects authorized by Congress that are no longer viable for construction due to— (A) a lack of local support; (B) a lack of available Federal or nonFederal resources; or (C) an authorizing purpose that is no longer relevant or feasible; (2) to create an expedited and definitive process for Congress to deauthorize water resources development projects that are no longer viable for construction; and (3) to allow the continued authorization of water resources development projects that are viable for construction. (b) INTERIM DEAUTHORIZATION LIST.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop an interim deauthorization list that identifies— (A) each water resources development project, or separable element of a project, authorized for construction before November 8, 2007, for which— (i) planning, design, or construction was not initiated before the date of enactment of this Act; or (ii) planning, design, or construction was initiated before the date of enactment of this Act, but for which no funds, Federal or non Federal, were obligated for planning, design, or construction of the project or separable element of the project during the current fiscal year or any of the 6 preceding fiscal years; (B) each project or separable element of a project identified and included on a list to Congress for deauthorization pursuant to section 1001(b)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 579a(b)(2)); and (C) any project or separable element of a project for which the nonFederal sponsor of such project or separable element submits a request for inclusion on the list. (2) PUBLIC COMMENT AND CONSULTATION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall solicit comments from the public and the Governors of each applicable State on the interim deauthorization list developed under paragraph (1). (B) COMMENT PERIOD .—The public comment period shall be 90 days. (3) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS ; PUBLICATION .— Not later than 90 days after the date of the close of the comment period under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall— (A) submit a revised interim deauthorization list to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and (B) publish the revised interim deauthorization list in the Federal Register. (c) FINAL DEAUTHORIZATION LIST.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall develop a final deauthorization list of water resources development projects, or separable elements of projects, from the revised interim deauthorization list described in subsection (b)(3). (2) DEAUTHORIZATION AMOUNT .— (A) PROPOSED FINAL LIST .—The Secretary shall prepare a proposed final deauthorization list of projects and separable elements of projects that have, in the aggregate, an estimated Federal cost to complete that is at least $4,000,000,000. (B) DETERMINATION OF FEDERAL COST TO  
COMPLETE .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), the Federal cost to complete shall take into account any allowances authorized by section 902 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2280), as applied to the most recent project schedule and cost estimate. (3) IDENTIFICATION OF PROJECTS .— (A) SEQUENCING OF PROJECTS .— (i) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall identify projects and separable elements of projects for inclusion on the proposed final deauthorization list according to the order in which the projects and separable elements of the projects were authorized, beginning with the earliest authorized projects and separable elements of projects and ending with the latest project or separable element of a project necessary to meet the aggregate amount under paragraph (2)(A). (ii) FACTORS TO CONSIDER .—The Secretary may identify projects and separable elements of projects in an order other than that established by clause (i) if the Secretary determines, on a casebycase basis, that a project or separable element of a project is critical for interests of the United States, based on the possible impact of the project or separable element of the project on public health and safety, the national economy, or the environment. (iii) CONSIDERATION OF PUBLIC COMMENTS .— In making determinations under clause (ii), the Secretary shall consider any comments received under subsection (b)(2). (B) APPENDIX .—The Secretary shall include as part of the proposed final deauthorization list an appendix that— (i) identifies each project or separable element of a project on the interim deauthorization list developed under subsection (b) that is not included on the proposed final deauthorization list; and (ii) describes the reasons why the project or separable element is not included on the proposed final list. (4) PUBLIC COMMENT AND CONSULTATION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall solicit comments from the public and the Governor of each applicable State on the proposed final deauthorization list and appendix developed under paragraphs (2) and (3). (B) COMMENT PERIOD .—The public comment period shall be 90 days. (5) SUBMISSION OF FINAL LIST TO CONGRESS ; 
PUBLICATION .—Not later than 120 days after the date of the close of the comment period under paragraph (4), the Secretary shall— (A) submit a final deauthorization list and an appendix to the final deauthorization list in a report to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives; and (B) publish the final deauthorization list and the appendix to the final deauthorization list in the Federal Register. (d) DEAUTHORIZATION ; CONGRESSIONAL REVIEW.— (1) IN GENERAL .—After the expiration of the 180day period beginning on the date of submission of the final deauthorization list and appendix under subsection (c), a project or separable element of a project identified in the final deauthorization list is hereby deauthorized, unless Congress passes a joint 
resolution disapproving the final deauthorization list prior to the end of such period. (2) NONFEDERAL CONTRIBUTIONS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—A project or separable element of a project identified in the final deauthorization list under subsection (c) shall not be deauthorized under this subsection if, before the expiration of the 180 day period referred to in paragraph (1), the nonFederal interest for the project or separable element of the project provides sufficient funds to complete the project or separable element of the project. (B) TREATMENT OF PROJECTS .—Notwith standing subparagraph (A), each project and separable element of a project identified in the final deauthorization list shall be treated as deauthorized for purposes of the aggregate deauthorization amount specified in subsection (c)(2)(A). (3) PROJECTS IDENTIFIED IN APPENDIX .—A project or separable element of a project identified in the appendix to the final deauthorization list shall remain subject to future deauthorization by Congress. (e) SPECIAL RULE FOR PROJECTS RECEIVING  FUNDS FOR POSTAUTHORIZATION STUDY .—A project or separable element of a project may not be identified on the interim deauthorization list developed under subsection (b), or the final deauthorization list developed under subsection (c), if the project or separable element received funding for a postauthorization study during the current fiscal year or any of the 6 preceding fiscal years. (f) GENERAL PROVISIONS .— (1) DEFINITIONS .—In this section, the following definitions apply: (A) POSTAUTHORIZATION STUDY .—The term ‘‘postauthorization study’’ means— (i) a feasibility report developed under section 905 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2282); (ii) a feasibility study, as defined in section 105(d) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2215(d)); or (iii) a review conducted under section 216 of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (33 U.S.C. 549a), including an initial appraisal that— (I) demonstrates a Federal interest; and (II) requires additional analysis for the project or separable element. (B) WATER RESOURCES DEVELOPMENT  
PROJECT .—The term ‘‘water resources development project’’ includes an environmental infrastructure assistance project or program of the Corps of Engineers. (2) TREATMENT OF PROJECT MODIFICA TIONS .—For purposes of this section, if an authorized water resources development project or separable element of the project has been modified by an Act of Congress, the date of the authorization of the project or separable element shall be deemed to be the date of the most recent modification. 
(a) P ROJECT DEAUTHORIZATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—A water resources development project authorized for construction by this Act shall not be authorized after the last day of the 10year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act unless— (A) funds have been obligated for construction of, or a postauthorization study for, such project or such separable element during such period; or (B) a subsequent Act of Congress modifies the authorization contained in this Act. (2) IDENTIFICATION OF PROJECTS .—Not later than 60 days after the expiration of the 10 year period described in paragraph (1), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report that identifies the projects deauthorized under paragraph (1). (b) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 60 days after the expiration of the 12year period beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives, and make available to the public, a report that contains— (1) a list of any water resources development projects authorized by this Act for which construction has not been completed; (2) a description of the reasons each project was not completed; (3) a schedule for the completion of the projects based on expected levels of appropriations; (4) a 5year and 10year projection of construction backlog; and (5) any recommendations to Congress regarding how to mitigate the backlog. 
(a) C ONSISTENCY WITHREPORTS .—Congress finds that the project modifications described in this section are in accordance with the reports submitted to Congress by the Secretary under section 7001 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282d), titled ‘‘Report to Congress on Future Water Resources Development’’, or have otherwise been reviewed by Congress. (b) MODIFICATIONS .— (1) HARBOR /SOUTH BAY , CALIFORNIA .—Sec tion 219(f)(43) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (113 Stat. 337; 114 Stat. 2763A–220) is amended by striking ‘‘$35,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$70,000,000’’. (2) LAKES MARION AND MOULTRIE , SOUTH  
CAROLINA .—Section 219(f)(25) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (113 Stat. 336; 114 Stat. 2763A–220; 117 Stat. 1838; 130 Stat. 1677) is amended by striking ‘‘$60,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$89,550,000’’. 
That portion of the channel improvement project, Lytle and Cajon Creeks, California, authorized to be carried out as a part of the project for the Santa Ana River Basin, California, by the Act of December 22, 1944 (Chapter 665; 58 Stat. 900) that consists of five earthfilled groins commonly referred to as ‘‘the Riverside Avenue groins’’ is no longer authorized as a Federal project beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The project for flood damage reduction, Yuba River Basin, California, authorized by section 101(a)(10) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1999 (113 Stat. 275) is modified to allow a nonFederal interest to construct a new levee to connect the existing levee with high ground. (b) PROJECT DESCRIPTION .—The levee to be constructed shall tie into the existing levee at a point N2186189.2438, E6703908.8657, thence running east and south along a path to be determined to a point N2187849.4328, E6719262.0164. (c) COOPERATION AGREEMENT .—The Secretary shall execute a conforming amendment to the Memorandum of Understanding Respecting the Sacramento River Flood Control Project with the State of California dated November 30, 1953, that is limited to changing the description of the project to reflect the modification. (d) NOFEDERAL COST.— (1) REVIEW COSTS .—Before construction of the levee described in subsection (b), the Secretary may accept and expend funds received from a nonFederal interest to review the planning, engineering, and design of the levee described in subsection (b) to ensure that such planning, engineering, and design complies with Federal standards. (2) NONFEDERAL SHARE .—The nonFederal share of the cost of constructing the levee shall be 100 percent. 
That portion of the project for navigation, Bridgeport Harbor, Connecticut, authorized by the Act of June 18, 1878 (20 Stat. 158), and modified by the Act of August 11, 1888 (25 Stat. 401), the Act of March 3, 1899 (30 Stat. 1122), the Act of June 25, 1910 (36 Stat. 633), and the Act of July 3, 1930 (46 Stat. 919), and lying upstream of a line commencing at point N627942.09, E879709.18 thence running southwesterly about 125 feet to a point N627832.03, E879649.91 is no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
Section 1131(3) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (100 Stat. 4246) is amended by striking ‘‘ten feet’’ and inserting ‘‘35 feet’’. 
SEC. 1308. COMPREHENSIVE EVERGLADES RESTORATION PLAN, CENTRAL AND SOUTHERN FLORIDA, EVERGLADES AGRICULTURAL AREA, FLORIDA. 
(a) A UTHORIZATION .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary is authorized to carry out the project for ecosystem restoration, Central and Southern Florida, Everglades Agricultural Area, Florida, in accordance with section 601 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (114 Stat. 2680), as recommended in the addendum to the Central Everglades Planning Project Post Authorization Change Report, Feasibility Study and Draft Environmental Impact Statement prepared by the South Florida Water Management District and dated May 2018, with such modifications as the Secretary considers appropriate. (b) REQUIREMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The project authorized by subsection (a) may be constructed only after the Secretary prepares a report that addresses the concerns, recommendations, and conditions identified by the Secretary in the review assessment titled ‘‘Review Assessment of South Florida Water Management District’s Central Everglades Planning Project, Section 203 Post Authorization Change Report, Integrated Feasibility Study and DRAFT Environmental Impact Statement (March 2018, Amended May 2018)’’ and dated May 2018. (2) EXPEDITED COMPLETION .—The Secretary shall expedite the completion of the report under paragraph (1) and shall complete such report not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this section. (c) CONSULTATION .—In reviewing the report identified in subsection (a), and completing the report identified in subsection (b), the Secretary shall consult with the South Florida Water Management District on any project modifications. (d) CONSIDERATION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to delay the design, construction, and implementation of components and features of the project for ecosystem restoration, Central Everglades, authorized by section 1401(4) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1713), that are not directly affected by the project authorized by subsection (a). 
The Secretary may credit work performed or to be performed by the nonFederal sponsor of the project for ecosystem restoration, Kissimmee River, Florida, authorized by section 101(8) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (106 Stat. 4802), as an in kind contribution under section 221(a)(4) of the Flood Control Act of 1970 (42 U.S.C. 1962d–5b(a)(4)), in accordance with the report 
of the Director of Civil Works relating to the Central and Southern Florida Project, Kissimmee River Restoration Project, dated April 27, 2018, subject to the availability of appropriations for any payments due, if the Secretary determines that the work was carried out in accordance with the requirements of subchapter 4 of chapter 31, and chapter 37, of title 40, United States Code. 
SEC. 1310. LEVEE L–212, FOUR RIVER BASIN, OCKLAWAHA RIVER, FLORIDA. 
The portions of the project for flood control and other purposes, Four River Basins, Florida, authorized by section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1962 (76 Stat. 1183), consisting of levee L–212 along the Ocklawaha River, Florida, are no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1311. GREEN RIVER AND BARREN RIVER LOCKS AND DAMS, KENTUCKY. 
Section 1315 of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1698) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (ii) in the matter preceding clause (i) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) USE OF FUNDS .—If the Secretary determines that removal of Lock and Dam 5 or a portion of Lock and Dam 5 is necessary before the conveyance under subparagraph (A), the Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall proceed with that removal; and ‘‘(ii) to carry out that removal— ‘‘(I) may use appropriated funds or accept and use funds contributed by entities described in that subparagraph; and ‘‘(II) may work with entities described in that subparagraph.’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) and (B) as clauses (i) and (ii), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (ii) in the matter preceding clause (i) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) USE OF FUNDS .—If the Secretary determines that removal of Lock and Dam 1 or a portion of Lock and Dam 1 is necessary before the conveyance under subparagraph (A), the Secretary— ‘‘(i) shall proceed with that removal; and ‘‘(ii) to carry out that removal— ‘‘(I) may use appropriated funds or accept and use funds contributed by entities described in that subparagraph; and ‘‘(II) may work with entities described in that subparagraph.’’; and (2) in subsection (c), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) REMOVAL COSTS .—In carrying out this section, if the Secretary determines that removal of a Lock and Dam (or a portion of a Lock and Dam) described in this section is necessary, any Federal costs of that removal shall be subject to the availability of appropriations.’’. 
The Cape Arundel Disposal Site selected by the Department of the Army as an alternative dredged material disposal site under section 103(b) of the Marine Protection, Research, and Sanctuaries Act of 1972 (33 U.S.C. 1413(b)) shall remain available for use until December 31, 2021. 
Beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, the project for navigation, Penobscot River, Maine, authorized by the River and Harbor Appropriations Acts of July 5, 1884 (23 Stat. 133), August 11, 1888 (25 Stat. 408), July 31, 1892 (27 Stat. 96), and March 2, 1907 (Public Law 59–168; 34 Stat. 1074), is modified as follows: (1) The portion of the 14foot deep channel located between Bangor and Brewer, Maine, approximately 135,784 square feet in area, starting at a point with coordinates N410451.89, E913370.08, thence running N34°05’52.6’’E about 815.4 feet to a point with coordinates N411127.11, E913827.20, thence running N52°41’55.33’’E about 143.06 feet to a point with coordinates N411213.81, E913941.00, thence running N27°04’01’’E about 1068.73 feet to a point with coordinates N412165.48, E914427.30, thence running S62 °55’59.79’’E about 450 feet to a point with coordinates N411960.72, E914828.01, thence running S27°04’01’’W about 246.99 feet to a point with coordinates N411740.78, E914715.62, thence running N43°45’41.8’’W about 444.66 feet to a point with coordinates N412061.92, E914408.07, thence running S27°04’01’’W about 946.62 feet to a point with coordinates N411218.97, E913977.33, thence running S38 °21’58.9’’W about 978.35 feet to the point of origin, is no longer authorized. (2) The portion of the 14foot deep channel, approximately 121,875 square feet in area, starting at a point with coordinates N410670.99, E914168.96, thence running N62°55’59’’W about 100 feet to a point with coordinates N410716.49, E914079.92, thence running N27°04’01’’E about 1236.13 feet to a point with coordinates N411817.24, E914642.40, thence running S43°45’41.8’’E about 105.87 feet to a point with coordinates N411740.78, E914715.62, thence running S27 °04’01’’W about 1201.37 feet to the point of origin, is redesignated as a 100foot wide and 14foot deep anchorage area. (3) The portion of the 14foot deep channel, approximately 304,058 square feet in area, starting at a point with coordinates N410761.99. E913990.87, thence running N62°55’59’’W about 300.08 feet to a point with coordinates N410898.54, E913723.66, thence running N38°21’58.9’’E about 408.69 feet to a point with coordinates N411218.97, E913977.33, thence running N27°04’01’’E about 946.62 feet to a point with coordinates N412061.92, E914408.07, thence running S43 °45’41.8’’E about 232.92 feet to a point with coordinates N411893.70, E914569.17, thence running S27°04’01’’W about 1270.9 feet to the point of origin, is redesignated as a 14foot deep anchorage area of a width varying from 220 to 300.08 feet. SEC. 1314. BOSTON HARBOR RESERVED CHANNEL DEAUTHORIZATIONS. 
(a) 40–F OOTRESERVED CHANNEL .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The portions of the project for navigation, Boston Harbor, Massachusetts, authorized by the first section of the Act of October 17, 1940 (54 Stat. 1198, chapter 895), and modified by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1958 (72 Stat. 297), section 101(a)(13) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1990 (104 Stat. 4607), and section 7002(1) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1365), described in paragraph (2) are no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (2) AREAS DESCRIBED .— (A) FIRST AREA .—The first areas described in this paragraph are— (i) beginning at a point N2950154.45, E785995.64; (ii) running southwesterly about 1451.63 feet to a point N2950113.83, E784544.58; (iii) running southeasterly about 54.00 feet to a point N2950059.85, E784546.09; (iv) running southwesterly about 1335.82 feet to a point N2950022.48, E783210.79; (v) running northwesterly about 83.00 feet to a point N2950105.44, E783208.47; (vi) running northeasterly about 2787.45 feet to a point N2950183.44, E785994.83; and (vii) running southeasterly about 29.00 feet to the point described in clause (i). (B) SECOND AREA .—The second areas described in this paragraph are— (i) beginning at a point N2950502.86, E785540.84; (ii) running northeasterly about 46.11 feet to a point N2950504.16, E785586.94; (iii) running southwesterly about 25.67 feet to a point N2950480.84, E785576.18; (iv) running southwesterly to a point N2950414.32, E783199.83; (v) running northwesterly about 8.00 feet to a point N2950422.32, E783199.60; (vi) running northeasterly about 2342.58 feet to a point N2950487.87, E785541.26; and (vii) running northwesterly about 15.00 feet to the point described in clause (i). (b) 35–FOOTRESERVED CHANNEL .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The portions of the project for navigation, Boston Harbor, Massachusetts, authorized by the first section of the Act of October 17, 1940 (54 Stat. 1198, chapter 895), and modified by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1958 (72 Stat. 297), described in paragraph (2) are no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. (2) AREAS DESCRIBED .— (A) FIRST AREA .—The first areas described in this paragraph are— (i) beginning at a point N2950143.44, E787532.14; (ii) running southeasterly about 22.21 feet to a point N2950128.91, E787548.93; (iii) running southwesterly about 4,339.42 feet to a point N2950007.48, E783211.21; (iv) running northwesterly about 15.00 feet to a point N2950022.48, E783210.79; and (v) running northeasterly about 4,323.05 feet to the point described in clause (i). (B) SECOND AREA .—The second areas described in this paragraph are— (i) beginning at a point N2950502.86, E785540.84; (ii) running southeasterly about 15.00 feet to a point N2950487.87, E785541.26; (iii) running southwesterly about 2342.58 feet to a point N2950422.32, E783199.60; (iv) running southeasterly about 8.00 feet to a point N2950414.32, E783199.83; (v) running southwesterly about 1339.12 feet to a point N2950376.85, E781861.23; (vi) running northwesterly about 23.00 feet to a point N2950399.84, E781860.59; and (vii) running northeasterly about 3681.70 feet to the point described in clause (i). 
SEC. 1315. CORPS OF ENGINEERS BRIDGE REPAIR PROGRAM FOR NEW ENGLAND EVACUATION ROUTES. 
Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Secretary may repair or replace, as necessary, any bridge owned and operated by the Secretary that is— (1) located in any of the States of Connecticut, Maine, Massachusetts, New Hampshire, Rhode Island, or Vermont; and (2) necessary for evacuation during an extreme weather event, as determined by the Secretary. 
The Secretary shall expedite and complete the dredging of Plymouth Harbor, Massachusetts, as authorized by the Act of March 4, 1913 (37 Stat. 802, chapter 144) and the Act of September 22, 1922 (42 Stat. 1038, chapter 427). 
The Secretary shall expedite the project for navigation for Portsmouth Harbor and the Piscataqua River authorized by section 101 of the River and Harbor Act of 1962 (76 Stat. 1173). 
SEC. 1318. MISSOURI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES AT KANSAS CITIES, MISSOURI AND KANSAS. 
The Secretary shall align the schedules of, and maximize complimentary efforts, minimize duplicative practices, and ensure coordination and information sharing with respect to— (1) the project for flood damage reduction, Argentine, East Bottoms, FairfaxJersey Creek, and North Kansas Levees Units, Missouri River and tributaries at Kansas Cities, Missouri and Kansas, authorized by section 1001(28) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (121 Stat. 1054); and (2) the project for flood risk management, Armourdale and Central Industrial District Levee Units, Missouri River and Tributaries at Kansas Citys, Missouri and Kansas, authorized by section 1401(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1710). 
SEC. 1319. HAMPTON HARBOR, NEW HAMPSHIRE, NAVIGATION IMPROVEMENT PROJECT. 
In carrying out the project for navigation, Hampton Harbor, New Hampshire, under section 107 of the River and Harbor Act of 1960 (33 U.S.C. 577), the Secretary shall use all existing authorities of the Secretary to mitigate severe shoaling. 
SEC. 1320. PASSAIC RIVER FEDERAL NAVIGATION CHANNEL, NEW JERSEY. 
(a) D EFINITION OF PASSAIC RIVER NAVIGA TION PROJECT .—In this section, the term ‘‘Passaic River navigation project’’ means the project for the Passaic River Federal navigation channel, New Jersey, described in the document of the New York District of the Corps of Engineers numbered 207075, entitled ‘‘Lower Passaic River Commercial Navigation Analysis’’, and dated March 2007, as revised in December 2008 and July 2010. (b) DEAUTHORIZATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The portion of the Passaic River navigation project described in paragraph (2) is deauthorized. (2) DESCRIPTION OF PORTION .—The portion of the Passaic River navigation project referred to in paragraph (1) is the portion from river mile 1.7 to river mile 15.4, as bounded by— (A) the coordinates of— (i) West Longitude 074 10.33047 ″ W; (ii) North Latitude 40 51.99988 ″ N; (iii) East Longitude 074 06.05923 ″ W; and (iv) South Latitude 40 43.2217 ″ N; and (B) the New Jersey State Plane (US Survey Feet, NAD–83), as follows: Upper Left x731 592941.27 y731 739665.34; Upper Right x731 602477.94 y731 740791.62; Lower Left x731 582974.17 y731 692561.62; Lower Right x731 598345.10 y731 691219.09. (c) MODIFICATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The depth of the portion of the Passaic River navigation project described in paragraph (2) is modified from 30 feet to 20 feet (using the Mean Lower Low Water datum). (2) DESCRIPTION OF PORTION .—The portion of the Passaic River navigation project referred to in paragraph (1) is the portion from river mile 0.6 to river mile 1.7, as bounded by— (A) the coordinates of— (i) West Longitude 074 07.43471 ″ W; (ii) North Latitude 40 44.32682 ″ N; (iii) East Longitude 074 06.61586 ″ W; and (iv) South Latitude 40 42.39342 ″ N; and (B) the New Jersey State Plane (US Survey Feet, NAD–83), as follows: Upper Left x731 597440.36 y731 691333.92; Upper Right x731 598345.10 y731 691219.09; Lower Left x731 596416.01 y731 685597.99; Lower Right x731 597351.18 y731 685596.08. SEC. 1321. FARGOMOORHEAD METROPOLITAN AREA DIVERSION PROJECT, NORTH DAKOTA. 
(a) E XEMPTION .—Subject to subsections (b) and (c), notwithstanding section 404(b)(2)(B)(ii) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c(b)(2)(B)(ii)), and any regulations promulgated to carry out that section, beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, any property in the State of North Dakota that was acquired through hazard mitigation assistance provided under section 203 of that Act (42 U.S.C. 5133), section 404 of that Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c), or section 1366 of the National Flood Insurance Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 4104c), that was subject to any open space deed restriction is exempt from those restrictions to the extent necessary to complete the FargoMoorhead Metropolitan Area Diversion Project authorized by section 7002(2) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (128 Stat. 1366). (b) CONDITIONS .—As a condition of the exemption under subsection (a)— (1) no new or additional structure unrelated to the Project may be erected on the property unless the new or additional structure is in compliance with section 404(b)(2)(B)(ii) of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170c(b)(2)(B)(ii)); and (2) any subsequent use of the land on the property that is unrelated to the Project shall comply with that section. (c) DISASTER ASSISTANCE PROHIBITED .— After the date of enactment of this Act, no disaster assistance from any Federal source may be provided with respect to any improvements made on the property referred to in subsection (a). (d) SAVINGS PROVISION .—Nothing in this section affects the responsibility of any entity to comply with all other applicable laws (including regulations) with respect to the properties described in subsection (a). 
The portions of the project for raising and improving existing levees of Clatsop County Diking District No. 13, in Clatsop County, Oregon, authorized by section 5 of the Act of June 22, 1936 (49 Stat. 1590), that are referred to as Christensen No. 1 Dike No. 42 and Christensen No. 2 Levee No. 43 are no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
The project for flood risk management, Svensen Island, Oregon, authorized by section 204 of the Flood Control Act of 1950 (64 Stat. 180), is no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
The unconstructed portions of the West Tennessee tributaries project along the Obion and Forked Deer Rivers, Tennessee, authorized by section 203 of the Flood Control Act of 1948 (62 Stat. 1178), and modified by section 207 of the Flood Control Act of 1966 (80 Stat. 1423), section 3(a) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1974 (88 Stat. 14), and section 183 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1976 (90 Stat. 2940), are no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act. 
Section 544(f) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–541; 114 Stat. 2675) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$40,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$60,000,000’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$5,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$10,000,000’’. 
The portion of the project for navigation, Milwaukee Harbor, Milwaukee, Wisconsin, authorized by the first section of the Act of March 3, 1843 (5 Stat. 619; chapter 85), consisting of the navigation channel within the Menomonee River that extends from the 16th Street Bridge upstream to the upper limit of the authorized navigation channel and described as follows is no longer authorized beginning on the date of enactment of this Act: (1) Beginning at a point in the channel just downstream of the 16th Street Bridge, N383219.703, E2521152.527. (2) Thence running westerly along the channel about 2,530.2 feet to a point, N383161.314, E2518620.712. (3) Thence running westerly by southwesterly along the channel about 591.7 feet to a point at the upstream limit of the existing project, N383080.126, E2518036.371. (4) Thence running northerly along the upstream limit of the existing project about 80.5 feet to a point, N383159.359, E2518025.363. (5) Thence running easterly by northeasterly along the channel about 551.2 feet to a point, N383235.185, E2518571.108. (6) Thence running easterly along the channel about 2,578.9 feet to a point, N383294.677, E2521150.798. (7) Thence running southerly across the channel about 74.3 feet to the point of origin. SEC. 1327. PROJECT COMPLETION FOR DISASTER AREAS. 
The Secretary shall expeditiously carry out any project for flood risk management or hurricane and storm damage risk reduction authorized as of the date of enactment of this Act to be carried out by the Secretary in Texas, Florida, Georgia, Louisiana, South Carolina, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, or the United States Virgin Islands. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In accordance with the requirements of subsection (b), the Secretary is authorized to provide assistance for the operation and maintenance of a flood risk reduction project in the Red River Basin of the North that was constructed, prior to the date of enactment of this Act, under section 5(a) of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n(a)). (b) CONDITION .—The Secretary may provide the assistance authorized by subsection (a) for a project that, as determined by the Secretary, becomes permanent due to the extended presence of assistance from the Secretary under section 5(a) of the Act of August 18, 1941 (33 U.S.C. 701n(a)). (c) TERMINATION .—The authority to provide assistance under this section terminates on the date that is four years after the date of enactment of this section. 
Section 1322(b)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1707) is amended, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘or, in a case in which a general reevaluation report for the project is required, if such report has been submitted for approval,’’ after ‘‘completed report,’’. 
(a) P ROJECT DEAUTHORIZATIONS .—Section 6003(a) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 579c(a)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘7year period’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘10year period’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) CALCULATION .—In calculating the time period under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall not include any period of time during which the project is being reviewed and awaiting determination by the Secretary to implement a locally preferred plan for that project under section 1036(a). 
‘‘(4) E XCEPTION .—The Secretary shall not deauthorize any project during the period described in paragraph (3).’’. (b) STUDY EXTENSIONS .—Section 1001(d)(4) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282c(d)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘7 years’’ and inserting ‘‘10 years’’. 
(a) C HEATHAM COUNTY , TENNESSEE .— (1) CONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary may convey to Cheatham County, Tennessee (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘Grantee’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the real property in Cheatham County, Tennessee, consisting of approximately 9.19 acres, identified as portions of tracts E–514–1, E–514–2, E–518– 1, E–518–2, E–519–1, E–537–1, and E–538, all being part of the Cheatham Lock and Dam project at CRM 158.5, including any improvements thereon. (2) DEED.—The Secretary shall convey the property under this subsection by quitclaim deed under such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines appropriate to protect the interests of the United States, to include retaining the right to inundate with water any land transferred under this subsection. (3) CONSIDERATION .—The Grantee shall pay to the Secretary an amount that is not less than the fair market value of the land conveyed under this subsection, as determined by the Secretary. (4) SUBJECT TO EXISTING EASEMENTS AND  
OTHER INTERESTS .—The conveyance of property under this section shall be subject to all existing easements, rightsofway, and leases that are in effect as of the date of the conveyance. (b) NASHVILLE , TENNESSEE .— (1) CONVEYANCE AUTHORIZED .—The Secretary may convey, without consideration, to the City of Nashville, Tennessee (in this subsection referred to as the ‘‘City’’), all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the real property covered by Lease No. DACW62–1–84–149, including any improvements thereon, at the Riverfront Park Recreational Development, consisting of approximately 5 acres, subject to the right of the Secretary to retain any required easements in the property. (2) CONVEYANCE AGREEMENT .—The Secretary shall convey by quitclaim the real property described in paragraph (1) under the terms and conditions mutually satisfactory to the Secretary and the City. The deed shall provide that in the event that the City, its successors, or assigns cease to maintain improvements for recreation included in the conveyance or otherwise utilize the real property conveyed for purposes other than recreation and compatible flood risk management, the City, its successor, or assigns shall repay to the United States the Federal share of the cost of constructing the improvements for recreation under the agreement between the United States and the City dated December 8, 1981, increased as necessary to account for inflation. (c) LOCKS AND DAMS 1 THROUGH 4, K ENTUCKY RIVER, KENTUCKY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Beginning on the date of enactment of this Act, commercial navigation at Locks and Dams 1 through 4, Kentucky River, Kentucky, shall no longer be authorized, and the land and improvements associated with the locks and dams shall be disposed of consistent with this subsection and in accordance with the report of the Director of Civil Works entitled ‘‘Kentucky River Locks and Dams 1, 2, 3, and 4, Disposition Study and Integrated Environmental Assessment’’ and dated April 20, 2018. (2) DISPOSITION .—The Secretary shall convey to the State of Kentucky (referred to in this section as the ‘‘State’’), for the use and benefit of the Kentucky River Authority, all right, title, and interest of the United States, together with any improvements on the land, including improvements located in the Kentucky River, in and to— (A) Lock and Dam 1, located in Carroll County, Kentucky; (B) Lock and Dam 2, located in Owen and Henry counties, Kentucky; (C) Lock and Dam 3, located in Owen and Henry counties, Kentucky; and (D) Lock and Dam 4, located in Franklin County, Kentucky. (3) CONDITIONS .— (A) QUITCLAIM DEED .—The Secretary shall convey the property described in paragraph (2) by quitclaim deed to such State under such terms and conditions as the Secretary determines appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (B) ADMINISTRATIVE COSTS .—The Secretary shall be responsible for all administrative costs associated with a conveyance under this subsection, including the costs of any surveys the Secretary determines to be necessary. (C) IMPROVEMENTS PROHIBITED .— (i) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may not improve the locks and dams and land and improvements associated with the locks and dams described in this subsection on or after the date of enactment of this Act. (ii) SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in subparagraph (A) prohibits the State from improving the locks and dams and the land and improvements associated with the locks and dams described in this subsection on or after the date of conveyance under this subsection. (4) SAVINGS CLAUSE .—If the State does not accept the conveyance under this subsection of the land and improvements associated with the locks and dams described in this subsection, the Secretary may dispose of the land and improvements under subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 40, United States Code. (d) BAINBRIDGE , GEORGIA .— (1) IN GENERAL .—On the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall convey to the City of Bainbridge, Georgia, without consideration and subject to subsection (b), all right, title, and interest in and to real property described in subsection (c). (2) TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The conveyance by the United States under this subsection shall be subject to— (i) the condition that the City of Bainbridge agrees to operate, maintain, and manage the property for fish and wildlife, recreation, and environmental purposes at no cost or expense to the United States; and (ii) such other terms and conditions as the Secretary determines to be in the interest of the United States. (B) REVERSION .—If the Secretary determines that the real property conveyed under paragraph (1) ceases to be held in public ownership or the city ceases to operate, maintain, and manage the real property in accordance with this subsection, all right, title, and interest in and to the property shall revert to the United States, at the option of the Secretary. (3) PROPERTY .—The property to be conveyed is composed of the following 3 parcels of land: (A) PARCEL 1 .—All that tract or parcel of land lying and being in Land Lots 226. and 228, Fifteenth Land District, and Land Lots 319, 320, 321, 322, 323 and 358, Twentieth Land District, Decatur County, Georgia, more particularly described as follows: Beginning at a concrete monument stamped ‘‘358’’ which is 950 feet, more or less, North of the South line and 600 feet, more or less, West of the East line of said Land Lot 358, at a corner of a tract of land owned by the United States of America at Lake Seminole and at plane coordinate position North 318,698.72 feet and East 360,033.38 feet based on Transverse Mercator Projection, Georgia West Zone; Thence Due West 75 feet, more or less, to the contour at elevation 77.0 feet above Mean Sea Level; Thence Northeasterly along the meanders of said 77.0 foot contour a distance of 20,600 feet, more or less, to the mouth of the entrance channel to the arena and boat basin; Thence N 75° E 150 feet, more or less, to another point on said 77.0 foot contour; Thence Northeasterly along the meanders of said 77.0 foot contour a distance of 3,300 feet, more or less, to a point which is on the boundary of said United States tract and on the boundary of a tract of land now or formerly owned by the City of Bainbridge, Georgia; Thence along the boundary of said United States tract the following courses: S 10° 52′ E along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 830 feet, more or less, to a corner of said tract; S 89° 45′ E along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 700 feet, more or less, to a concrete monument stamped ‘‘J1A’’, coordinates of said monument being North 328,902.34 feet and East 369,302.33 feet; S 22° 25′ W 62 feet, more or less, to a corner of another tract of land owned by the City of Bainbridge, Georgia; S 88° 07′ W along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 350 feet, more or less to a corner of said tract; N 84° 00′ W along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 100.5 feet to a corner said tract; S 88° 07′ W along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 300.0 feet to a corner of said tract; S 14° 16′ W along boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 89.3 feet to a corner of said tract; Southwesterly along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract which is along a curve to the right with a radius of 684.69 feet an arc distance of 361.8 feet to a corner of said tract; S 30° 00′ W along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 294.0 feet to a corner of said tract; S 10° 27′ W along the boundary of said City of Bainbridge tract 385.0 feet to a corner of said tract; N 73° 31′ W 38 feet, more or less, to a concrete monument; S 16° 25′ W 563.7 feet to a concrete monument stamped ‘‘J7A’’; S 68° 28′ W 719.5 feet to a concrete monument stamped ‘‘J9A’’; S 68° 28′ W 831.3 feet to a concrete monument stamped ‘‘J12A’’; S 89° 39′ E 746.7 feet to a concrete monument stamped ‘‘J11A’’; S 01° 22′ W 80.0 feet to a concrete monument stamped ‘‘J11B’’; N 89° 39′ W 980.9 feet to a concrete monument stamped ‘‘J13A’’; S 01° 21′ W 560.0 feet to a concrete monument stamped ‘‘J15A’’; S 37° 14′ W 1,213.0 feet; N 52° 46′ W 600.0 feet; S 37° 14′ W 1,000.0 feet; S 52° 46′ E 600.0 feet; S 37° 14′ W 117.0 feet to a concrete monument stamped ‘‘320/319’’; S 37° 13′ W 1,403.8 feet to a concrete monument stamped ‘‘322/319’’; S 37° 13′ W 2,771.4 feet to a concrete monument stamped ‘‘322/323’’; S 37° 13′ W 1,459.2 feet; N 89° 04′ W 578.9 feet; S 53° 42′ W 367.7 feet; 
S 43° 42′ W 315.3 feet; S 26° 13′ W 654.9 feet, more or less, to the point of beginning. Containing 550.00 acres, more or less, and being a part of Tracts L1105 and L1106 of Lake Seminole. (B) PARCEL 2 .—All that tract or parcel of land lying and lying and being in Land Lot 226, Fifteenth Land District, Decatur County, Georgia, more particularly described as follows: Beginning at a point which is on the East rightofway line of the Seaboard Airline Railroad, 215 feet North of the South end of the trestle over the Flint River, and at a corner of a tract of land owned by the United States of America at Lake Seminole; Thence Southeasterly along the boundary of said United States tract which is along a curve to the right a distance of 485 feet, more or less, to a point which is 340 feet, more or less, S 67° 00′ E from the South end of said trestle, and at a corner of said United States tract; Thence N 70° 00′ E along the boundary of said United States tract 60.0 feet to a corner of said tract; Thence Northerly along the boundary of said United States tract which is along a curve to the right a distance of 525 feet, more or less, to a corner of said tract; Thence S 05° 00′ W along the boundary of said United States tract 500.0 feet to a corner of said tract; Thence Due West along the boundary of said United States tract 370 feet, more or less, to a point which is on the East rightof way line of said railroad and at a corner of said United States tract; Thence N 13° 30′ W along the boundary of said United States tract which is along the East rightofway line of said railroad a distance of 310 feet, more or less, to the point of beginning. Containing 3.67 acres, more or less, and being all of Tract L1124 of Lake Seminole. Parcels 1 and 2 contain in the aggregate 553.67 acres, more or less. (C) PARCEL 3 .—All that tract or panel of land lying and being in Land Lot 225, Fifteenth Land District, Decatur County, Georgia, more particularly described as follows: Beginning at an iron marker designated ‘‘225/226/’’, which is on the South line and 500 feet, more or less, West of the Southeast corner of said Land Lot 225 at a corner of a tract of land owned by the United States of America at Lake Seminole and at plane coordinate position North 330,475.82 feet and East 370,429.36 feet, based on Transverse Mercator Projection, Georgia West Zone; Thence Due West along the boundary of said United States tract a distance of 53.0 feet to a monument stamped ‘‘225/226A’’; Thence continue Due West along the boundary of said United States tract a distance of 56 feet, more or less, to a point on the East bank of the Flint River; Thence Northerly, upstream, along the meanders of the East bank of said river a distance of 1,200 feet, more or less, to a point which is on the Southern rightofway line of U.S. Highway No. 84 and at a corner of said United States tract; Thence Easterly and Southeasterly along the Southern rightofway line of said highway, which is along the boundary of said United States tract a distance of 285 feet, more or less, to a monument stamped ‘‘L23 1’’, the coordinates of said monument being North 331,410.90 and East 370,574.96; Thence S 02° 25′ E along the boundary of said United States tract a distance of 650.2 feet to a monument stamped ‘‘225A’’; Thence S 42° 13′ E along the boundary of said United States tract a distance of 99.8 feet to a monument stamped ‘‘225’’; Thence S 48° 37′ W along the boundary of said United States tract a distance of 319.9 feet, more or less, to the point of beginning. Containing 4.14 acres, more or less, and being all of Tract L1123 of the Lake Seminole Project. (e) PORT OF WHITMAN COUNTY , W ASHINGTON .— (1) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) FEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘Federal land’’ means the approximately 288 acres of land situated in Whitman County, Washington, contained within Tract D of Little Goose Lock and Dam. (B) NONFEDERAL LAND .—The term ‘‘non Federal land’’ means a tract or tracts of land owned by the Port of Whitman County, Washington, that the Secretary determines, with approval of the Washington Department of Fish and Wildlife and the Secretary of the Interior acting through the Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, equals or exceeds the value of the Federal land both as habitat for fish and wildlife and for recreational opportunities related to fish and wildlife. (2) LAND EXCHANGE .—On conveyance by the Port of Whitman County to the United States of all right, title, and interest in and to the nonFederal land, the Secretary of the Army shall convey to the Port of Whitman County all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the Federal land. (3) DEEDS .— (A) DEED TO NON FEDERAL LAND .—The Sec retary may only accept conveyance of the nonFederal land by warranty deed, as determined acceptable by the Secretary. (B) DEED TO FEDERAL LAND .—The Secretary shall convey the Federal land to the Port of Whitman County by quitclaim deed and subject to any reservations, terms, and conditions the Secretary determines necessary to allow the United States to operate and maintain the Lower Snake River Project and to protect the interests of the United States. (4) CASH PAYMENT .—If the appraised fair market value of the Federal land, as determined by the Secretary, exceeds the appraised fair market value of the nonFederal land, as determined by the Secretary, the Port of Whitman County shall make a cash payment to the United States reflecting the difference in the appraised fair market values. (5) ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES .—The Port of Whitman County shall be responsible for the administrative costs of the transaction in accordance with section 2695 of title 10, United States Code. (f) FORTDUPONT , DELAWARE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transfer— (A) all right, title, and interest in and to a parcel of land known as that part of the Original Acquisition (OADE) Tract that includes the bed and banks of the Delaware Branch Channel on the north side of the Fifth Street Bridge, Delaware City, Delaware, containing approximately 31.6 acres of land, to the Fort DuPont Redevelopment and Preservation Corporation (herein referred to as ‘‘the Grantee’’); and (B) all right, title, and interest in and to the Fifth Street Bridge, together with the land known as that part of the Original Acquisition (OADE) Tract that includes the banks and bed of the Delaware Branch Channel, Delaware City, Delaware, containing approximately 0.27 acres of land, to the State of Delaware. (2) CONDITIONS .— (A) STATE APPROVAL .—Before making a transfer under paragraph (1), the Secretary shall ensure that the Governor of Delaware agrees to the transfer. (B) TOLLFREE BRIDGE .—Before making a transfer under subparagraph (1)(B), the Governor of Delaware shall agree to ensure that no toll is imposed for use of the bridge referred to in that subsection, in accordance with section 109 of the River and Harbor Act of 1950 (33 U.S.C. 534). (C) SURVEY .—The exact acreage and legal description of the land to be transferred under paragraph (1) shall be determined by a survey satisfactory to the Secretary and the Governor of Delaware. (D) COSTS.—Any administrative costs for the transfer under paragraph (1) shall be paid by Fort DuPont Redevelopment and Preservation Corporation, the State of Delaware, or a combination of those entities. (3) CONSIDERATION .—The Grantee shall pay to the Secretary an amount that is not less than the fair market value of the land conveyed to the Grantee under this subsection, as determined by the Secretary. (g) TUSCALOOSA , A LABAMA .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Army shall convey by quitclaim deed to the City of Tuscaloosa, Alabama, at fair market value, the lands owned by the United States adjacent to the Black Warrior River on the south side below the U.S. Highway 43 bridge, including the south wall of the Old Oliver Lock, and extending to the Corps’ current recreation area, that the Secretary determines are no longer required for operation and maintenance of the Oliver Lock and Dam. (h) GENERALLY APPLICABLE PROVISIONS .— (1) SURVEY TO OBTAIN LEGAL DESCRIPTION .— The exact acreage and the legal description of any real property to be conveyed under this section shall be determined by a survey that is satisfactory to the Secretary. (2) APPLICABILITY OF PROPERTY SCREENING  
PROVISIONS .—Section 2696 of title 10, United States Code, shall not apply to any conveyance under this section. (3) ADDITIONAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS .— The Secretary may require that any conveyance under this section be subject to such additional terms and conditions as the Secretary considers necessary and appropriate to protect the interests of the United States. (4) COSTS OF CONVEYANCE .—An entity to which a conveyance is made under this section shall be responsible for all reasonable and necessary costs, including real estate transaction and environmental documentation costs, associated with the conveyance. (5) LIABILITY .—An entity to which a conveyance is made under this section shall hold the United States harmless from any liability with respect to activities carried out, on or after the date of the conveyance, on real property conveyed. The United States shall remain responsible for any liability with respect to activities carried out, before such date, on the real property conveyed. 
(a) P ROGRAMMATIC MODIFICATION .—Section 7001 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282d(a)) is amended— (1) in subsection (a) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) PROGRAMMATIC MODIFICATIONS .—Any programmatic modification for an environmental infrastructure assistance program.’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1) by striking ‘‘studies and proposed modifications to authorized water resources development projects and feasibility studies’’ and inserting ‘‘studies, proposed modifications to authorized water resources development projects and feasibility studies, and proposed modifications for an environmental infrastructure program’’; 
(3) by redesignating subsections (d), (e), and (f) as subsections (e), (f), and (g), respectively; (4) by inserting after subsection (c) the following: ‘‘(d) PROGRAMMATIC MODIFICATIONS IN ANNUAL REPORT .—The Secretary shall include in the annual report only proposed modifications for an environmental infrastructure assistance program that have not been included in any previous annual report. For each proposed modification, the Secretary shall include a letter or statement of support for the proposed modification from each associated nonFederal interest, description of assistance provided, and total Federal cost of assistance provided.’’; and (5) by striking subsection (c)(4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) APPENDIX .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall include in the annual report an appendix listing the proposals submitted under subsection (b) that were not included in the annual report under paragraph (1)(A) and a description of why the Secretary determined that those proposals did not meet the criteria for inclusion under such paragraph. ‘‘(B) LIMITATION .—In carrying out the activities described in this section— ‘‘(i) the Secretary shall not include proposals in the appendix of the annual report that otherwise meet the criteria for inclusion in the annual report solely on the basis of the Secretary’s determination that the proposal requires legislative changes to an authorized water resources development project, feasibility study, or environmental infrastructure program; and ‘‘(ii) the Secretary shall not include proposals in the appendix of the annual report that otherwise meet the criteria for inclusion in the annual report solely on the basis of a policy of the Secretary.’’. (b) SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Notwithstanding the third sentence of section 1001(b)(2) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 579a(b)(2)), projects and separable elements of projects identified in the fiscal year 2017 report prepared in accordance with such section and submitted to Congress on December 15, 2016, shall not be deauthorized unless such projects and separable elements meet the requirements of section 1301(b)(1)(A) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2016 (130 Stat. 1687). Subtitle D—Water Resources Infrastructure SEC. 1401. PROJECT AUTHORIZATIONS. 
The following projects for water resources development and conservation and other purposes, as identified in the reports titled ‘‘Report to Congress on Future Water Resources Development’’ submitted to Congress on March 17, 2017, and February 5, 2018, respectively, pursuant to section 7001 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282d) or otherwise reviewed by Congress are authorized to be carried out by the Secretary substantially in accordance with the plans, and subject to the conditions, described in the respective reports or decision documents designated in this section: (1) NAVIGATION .— A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
1. AR Three Rivers Southeast Arkansas September 6, 2018 Total: $184,395,000 (to be derived 1⁄2from the general fund of the Treasury and 
2. PR San Juan Harbor August 23, 2018 Federal: $41,345,840 NonFederal: $13,781,267 Total: $55,127,107 
3. TX Galveston Harbor Channel Extension Project, HoustonGalveston Navigation Channels Aug. 8, 2017 Federal: $10,444,000 NonFederal: $3,481,000 Total: $13,925,000 
4. WA Seattle Harbor Navigation Improvement Project June 7, 2018 Federal: $29,362,000 NonFederal: $31,880,000 Total: $61,242,000 
(2) F LOOD RISK MANAGEMENT .— A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
1. CA Lower San Joaquin River July 31, 2018 Federal: $712,169,000 NonFederal: $383,475,000 Total: $1,095,644,000 
2. HI Ala Wai Canal Dec. 21, 2017 Federal: $212,754,000 NonFederal: $114,560,000 Total: $327,313,000 
3. NY MamaroneckSheldrake Rivers Dec. 14, 2017 Federal: $53,500,000 NonFederal: $28,750,000 Total: $82,250,000 
(3) H URRICANE AND STORM DAMAGE RISK RE DUCTION .— A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Initial Costs and Estimated Renourishment Costs 
1. FL St. Johns County Aug. 8, 2017 Initial Federal: $5,873,283 Initial NonFederal: $19,661,924 Initial Total: $25,535,207 Renourishment Federal: $9,751,788 Renourishment NonFederal: $45,344,169 Renourishment Total: $55,095,957 
A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Initial Costs and Estimated Renourishment Costs 
2. FL St. Lucie County Dec. 15, 2017 Initial Federal: $7,239,497 Initial NonFederal: $13,443,614 Initial Total: $20,683,110 Renourishment Federal: $9,093,999 Renourishment NonFederal: $24,588,991 Renourishment Total: $33,682,990 
3. TX Sabine Pass to Galveston Bay Dec. 7, 2017 Federal: $2,200,357,000 NonFederal: $1,184,807,000 Total: $3,385,164,000 
(4) F LOOD RISK MANAGEMENT AND ECO SYSTEM RESTORATION .— A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
1. NM Espan˜ola Valley, Rio Grande May 11, 2018 Federal: $55,602,266 NonFederal: $7,637,764 Total: $63,240,030 
(5) E COSYSTEM RESTORATION .— A. State B. Name C. Date of Report of Chief of Engineers D. Estimated Costs 
1. TX Resacas, in the vicinity of the City of Brownsville September 6, 2018 Federal: $141,489,000 NonFederal: $65,675,000 Total: $207,164,000 
(6) M ODIFICATIONS AND OTHER PROJECTS .— A. State B. Name C. Date of Decision Document D. Estimated Costs 
1. GA Savannah Harbor Expansion Project Dec. 5, 2016 Federal: $731,700,000 NonFederal: $287,200,000 Total: $1,018,900,000 
2. MI Soo Locks, Sault Ste. Marie June 29, 2018 Federal: $922,432,000 NonFederal: $0 Total: $922,432,000 
3. TN Chickamauga Lock Replacement July 19, 2018 Total: $757,666,000 (to be derived 1⁄2from the general fund of the Treasury and 
(a) S T. PAUL HARBOR , ALASKA .—Notwith standing section 2008(c) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1074), the project for navigation, St. Paul Harbor, authorized by section 101(b)(3) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1996 (110 Stat. 3667), shall be costshared substantially in accordance with the costs established by section 105 of the Energy and Water Development Appropriations Act, 2003 (117 Stat. 139). (b) ESPAN˜OLA VALLEY , NEWMEXICO .—The Secretary shall carry out the project for flood risk management and ecosystem restoration, Espan˜ola Valley, Rio Grande and Tributaries, New Mexico, authorized by section 1401(4) of this Act substantially in accordance with terms and conditions described in the Report of the Chief of Engineers, dated May 11, 2018, including, notwithstanding section 2008(c) of the Water Resources Development Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–114; 121 Stat. 1074), the recommended cost share. SEC. 1403. NORFOLK HARBOR AND CHANNELS, VIRGINIA. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary is authorized to further improve the project for navigation, Norfolk Harbor and Channels, Virginia, authorized by section 201 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (100 Stat. 4090), substantially in accordance with the plans, and subject to the conditions, described in the Report of the Chief of Engineers dated June 29, 2018. (b) THIMBLE SHOAL CHANNEL WIDENING .— The Secretary may carry out additional modifications to the project described in subsection (a) that are identified in the report titled ‘‘Report to Congress on Future Water Resources Development’’ submitted to Congress on February 5, 2018, pursuant to section 7001 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2282d). (c) MAXIMUM AUTHORIZED COST.—Notwith standing section 902(a)(2)(B) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2280(a)(2)(B)), the maximum authorized cost for the project described in subsection (a) shall not be modified for the improvements and modifications authorized by subsections (a) and (b). TITLE II—DRINKING WATER SYSTEM IMPROVEMENT SEC. 2001. INDIAN RESERVATION DRINKING WATER PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to the availability of appropriations, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall carry out a program to implement— (1) 10 eligible projects described in subsection (b) that are within the Upper Missouri River Basin; and (2) 10 eligible projects described in subsection (b) that are within the Upper Rio Grande Basin. (b) ELIGIBLE PROJECTS .—A project eligible to participate in the program under subsection (a) is a project— (1) that is on a reservation (as defined in section 3 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1452)) that serves a federally recognized Indian Tribe; and 
(2) the purpose of which is to connect, expand, or repair an existing public water system, as defined in section 1401(4) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f(4)), in order to improve water quality, water pressure, or water services. (c) REQUIREMENT .—In carrying out the program under subsection (a)(1), the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall select not less than 1 eligible project for a reservation that serves more than 1 federally recognized Indian Tribe. (d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out the program under subsection (a) $20,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2022. 
Section 1452(k) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(k)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)(D), by inserting ‘‘and for the implementation of efforts (other than actions authorized under subparagraph (A)) to protect source water in areas delineated pursuant to section 1453’’ before the period at the end; and (2) in paragraph (2)(E), by inserting ‘‘, and to implement efforts to protect source water,’’ after ‘‘wellhead protection programs’’. 
Part E of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(a) D EFINITION OF INTRACTABLE WATER  SYSTEM .—In this section, the term ‘intractable water system’ means a community water system or a noncommunity water system— ‘‘(1) that serves fewer than 1,000 individuals; ‘‘(2) the owner or operator of which— ‘‘(A) is unable or unwilling to provide safe and adequate service to those individuals; ‘‘(B) has abandoned or effectively abandoned the community water system or noncommunity water system, as applicable; ‘‘(C) has defaulted on a financial obligation relating to the community water system or noncommunity water system, as applicable; or ‘‘(D) fails to maintain the facilities of the community water system or noncommunity water system, as applicable, in a manner so as to prevent a potential public health hazard; and ‘‘(3) that is, as of the date of enactment of America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018— ‘‘(A) in significant noncompliance with this Act or any regulation promulgated pursuant to this Act; or ‘‘(B) listed as having a history of significant noncompliance with this title pursuant to section 1420(b)(1). ‘‘(b) STUDY REQUIRED .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator, in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture and the Secretary of Health and Human Services, shall complete a study that— ‘‘(A) identifies intractable water systems; and ‘‘(B) describes barriers to delivery of potable water to individuals served by an intractable water system. ‘‘(2) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report describing findings and recommendations based on the study under this subsection.’’. 
SEC. 2004. SENSE OF CONGRESS RELATING TO ACCESS TO NONPOTABLE WATER. 
It is the sense of Congress that— (1) access to nonpotable water sources for industry can relieve the supply and demand challenges for potable water in water stressed regions throughout the United States; and (2) water users are encouraged to continue implementing and incentivizing nonpotable water reuse programs that will achieve greater water savings and conservation needs. SEC. 2005. DRINKING WATER INFRASTRUCTURE RESILIENCE AND SUSTAINABILITY. 
Section 1459A of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–19a) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (j) as subsection (k); (2) in subsection (k), as redesignated by paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘this section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a) through (j) of this section’’; (3) by inserting after subsection (i) the following: ‘‘(j) STATE RESPONSE TO CONTAMINANTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator may, subject to the terms and conditions of this section, issue a grant to a requesting State, on behalf of an underserved community, so the State may assist in, or otherwise carry out, necessary and appropriate activities related to a contaminant— ‘‘(A) that is determined by the State to— ‘‘(i) be present in, or likely to enter into, a public water system serving, or an underground source of drinking water for, such underserved community; and ‘‘(ii) potentially present an imminent and substantial endangerment to the health of persons; and ‘‘(B) with respect to which the State determines appropriate authorities have not acted sufficiently to protect the health of such persons. ‘‘(2) RECOVERY OF FUNDS .—If, subsequent to the Administrator’s award of a grant to a State under this subsection, any person or entity (including an eligible entity), is found by the Administrator or a court of competent jurisdiction to have caused or contributed to contamination that was detected as a result of testing conducted, or treated, with funds provided under this subsection, and such contamination violated a law administered by the Administrator, such person or entity shall, upon issuance of a final judgment or settlement and the exhaustion of all appellate and administrative remedies— ‘‘(A) notify the Administrator in writing not later than 30 days after such issuance of a final judgment or settlement and the exhaustion of all appellate and administrative remedies; and ‘‘(B) promptly pay the Administrator an amount equal to the amount of such funds.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(l) DRINKING WATER INFRASTRUCTURE RESILIENCE AND SUSTAINABILITY .— ‘‘(1) RESILIENCE AND NATURAL HAZARD .—The terms ‘resilience’ and ‘natural hazard’ have the meaning given such terms in section 1433(h). ‘‘(2) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator may establish and carry out a program, to be known as the Drinking Water System Infrastructure Resilience and Sustainability Program, under which the Administrator, subject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose, shall award grants in each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020 to eligible entities for the purpose of increasing resilience to natural hazards. ‘‘(3) USE OF FUNDS .—An eligible entity may only use grant funds received under this subsection to assist in the planning, design, construction, implementation, operation, or maintenance of a program or project that increases resilience to natural hazards through— ‘‘(A) the conservation of water or the enhancement of water use efficiency; ‘‘(B) the modification or relocation of existing drinking water system infrastructure made, or that is at risk of being, significantly impaired by natural hazards, including risks to drinking water from flooding; ‘‘(C) the design or construction of desalination facilities to serve existing communities; ‘‘(D) the enhancement of water supply through the use of watershed management and source water protection; ‘‘(E) the enhancement of energy efficiency or the use and generation of renewable energy in the conveyance or treatment of drinking water; or ‘‘(F) the development and implementation of measures to increase the resilience of the eligible entity to natural hazards. ‘‘(4) APPLICATION .—To seek a grant under this subsection, the eligible entity shall submit to the Administrator an application that— ‘‘(A) includes a proposal of the program or project to be planned, designed, constructed, implemented, operated, or maintained by the eligible entity; ‘‘(B) identifies the natural hazard risk to be addressed by the proposed program or project; ‘‘(C) provides documentation prepared by a Federal, State, regional, or local government agency of the natural hazard risk to the area where the proposed program or project is to be located; ‘‘(D) includes a description of any recent natural hazard events that have affected the applicable water system; ‘‘(E) includes a description of how the proposed program or project would improve the performance of the system under the anticipated natural hazards; and ‘‘(F) explains how the proposed program or project is expected to enhance the resilience of the system to the anticipated natural hazards. ‘‘(5) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020.’’. 
SEC. 2006. VOLUNTARY SCHOOL AND CHILD CARE PROGRAM LEAD TESTING GRANT PROGRAM ENHANCEMENT. 
(a) V OLUNTARY SCHOOL AND CHILD CARE PROGRAM LEADTESTING GRANT PROGRAM ENHANCEMENT .—Section 1464(d) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–24(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—In carrying out the grant program under subparagraph (A), beginning not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018, the Administrator shall provide technical assistance to recipients of grants under this subsection— ‘‘(i) to assist in identifying the source of lead contamination in drinking water at schools and child care programs under the jurisdiction of the grant recipient; ‘‘(ii) to assist in identifying and applying for other Federal and State grant programs that may assist the grant recipient in eliminating lead contamination described in clause (i); ‘‘(iii) to provide information on other financing options in eliminating lead contamination described in clause (i); and ‘‘(iv) to connect grant recipients with nonprofit and other organizations that may be able to assist with the elimination of lead contamination described in clause (i).’’; (2) by redesignating paragraphs (4) through (7) as paragraphs (5) through (8), respectively; 
(3) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following paragraph: ‘‘(4) PRIORITY .—In making grants under this subsection, the Administrator shall give priority to States and local educational agencies that will assist in voluntary testing for lead contamination in drinking water at schools and child care programs that are in lowincome areas.’’; and (4) in paragraph (8) (as redesignated by paragraph (2) of this section)— (A) by striking ‘‘is authorized’’ and inserting ‘‘are authorized’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘2021’’ and inserting ‘‘2019, and $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021’’. (b) DRINKING WATER FOUNTAIN REPLACE MENT FOR SCHOOLS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Part F of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–21 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator shall establish a grant program to provide assistance to local educational agencies for the replacement of drinking water fountains manufactured prior to 1988. ‘‘(b) USE OF FUNDS .—Funds awarded under the grant program— ‘‘(1) shall be used to pay the costs of replacement of drinking water fountains in schools; and ‘‘(2) may be used to pay the costs of monitoring and reporting of lead levels in the drinking water of schools of a local educational agency receiving such funds, as determined appropriate by the Administrator. ‘‘(c) PRIORITY .—In awarding funds under the grant program, the Administrator shall give priority to local educational agencies based on economic need. ‘‘(d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2021.’’. (2) DEFINITIONS .—Section 1461(5) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–21(5)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or drinking water fountain’’ after ‘‘water cooler’’ each place it appears. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) ADMINISTRATOR .—The term ‘‘Administrator’’ means the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. (2) ELIGIBLE ENTITY .—The term ‘‘eligible entity’’ means— (A) a public water system (as defined under section 1401(4) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f(4))); (B) an institution of higher education; (C) a research institution or foundation; (D) a regional water organization; or (E) a nonprofit organization described in section 1442(e)(8) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–1(e)(8)). (b) GRANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The Ad ministrator shall carry out a grant program for the purpose of accelerating the development and deployment of innovative water technologies that address pressing drinking water supply, quality, treatment, or security challenges of public water systems, areas served by private wells, or source waters. (c) GRANTS .—In carrying out the program under subsection (b), the Administrator shall make grants to eligible entities— (1) to develop, test, and deploy innovative water technologies; or (2) to provide technical assistance to deploy demonstrated innovative water technologies. (d) SELECTION CRITERIA .—In making grants under this section, the Administrator shall— (1) award grants through a competitive process to eligible entities the Administrator determines are best able to carry out the purpose of the program; and (2) give priority to projects that have the potential— (A) to reduce ratepayer or community costs or costs of future capital investments; (B) to significantly improve human health or the environment; or (C) to provide additional drinking water supplies with minimal environmental impact. (e) COSTSHARING .—The Federal share of the cost of activities carried out using a grant under this section shall be not more than 65 percent. (f) LIMITATION .—The maximum amount of a grant under this section shall be $5,000,000. (g) REPORT .—Each year, the Administrator shall submit to Congress and make publicly available on the website of the Administrator a report that describes any advancements during the previous year in development of innovative water technologies made as a result of funding provided under this section. (h) PARTNERSHIPS .—Grants awarded under this program may include projects that are carried out by an eligible entity in cooperation with a private entity, including a farmer, farmer cooperative, or manufacturer of water technologies. (i) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020. 
Section 1414(c)(4) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–3(c)(4)) is amended— (1) in the heading for subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘ANNUAL REPORTS ’’ and inserting ‘‘REPORTS ’’; (2) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘, or provide by electronic means,’’ after ‘‘to mail’’; (3) in subparagraph (B)— (A) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘the Administrator, and’’ and inserting ‘‘the Administrator, including corrosion control efforts, and’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following clause: ‘‘(vii) Identification of, if any— ‘‘(I) exceedances described in paragraph (1)(D) for which corrective action has been required by the Administrator or the State (in the case of a State exercising primary enforcement responsibility for public water systems) during the monitoring period covered by the consumer confidence report; and ‘‘(II) violations that occurred during the monitoring period covered by the consumer confidence report.’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) REVISIONS .— ‘‘(i) UNDERSTANDABILITY AND FREQUENCY .— Not later than 24 months after the date of enactment of America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018, the Administrator, in consultation with the parties identified in subparagraph (A), shall issue revisions to the regulations issued under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(I) to increase— ‘‘(aa) the readability, clarity, and understandability of the information presented in consumer confidence reports; and ‘‘(bb) the accuracy of information presented, and risk communication, in consumer confidence reports; and ‘‘(II) with respect to community water systems that serve 10,000 or more persons, to require each such community water system to provide, by mail, electronic means, or other methods described in clause (ii), a consumer confidence report to each customer of the system at least biannually. ‘‘(ii) ELECTRONIC DELIVERY .—Any revision of regulations pursuant to clause (i) shall allow delivery of consumer confidence reports by methods consistent with methods described in the memorandum ‘Safe Drinking Water Act–Consumer Confidence Report Rule Delivery Options’ issued by the Environmental Protection Agency on January 3, 2013.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1414(h)(1) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g– 3(h)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) entering into a contractual agreement for significant management or administrative functions of the system to correct violations identified in the plan.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 1414(i)(1) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–3(i)(1)) is amended by inserting a comma after ‘‘1417’’. 
(a) M ANDATORY ASSESSMENT .—Subsection (h) of section 1414 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–3) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) AUTHORITY FOR MANDATORY ASSESS MENT .— ‘‘(A) AUTHORITY .—A State with primary enforcement responsibility or the Administrator (if the State does not have primary enforcement responsibility) may require the owner or operator of a public water system to assess options for consolidation, or transfer of ownership of the system, as described in paragraph (1), or other actions expected to achieve compliance with national primary drinking water regulations described in clause (i)(I), if— ‘‘(i) the public water system— ‘‘(I) has repeatedly violated one or more national primary drinking water regulations and such repeated violations are likely to adversely affect human health; and ‘‘(II)(aa) is unable or unwilling to take feasible and affordable actions, as determined by the State with primary enforcement responsibility or the Administrator (if the State does not have primary enforcement responsibility), that will result in the public water system complying with the national primary drinking water regulations described in subclause (I), including accessing technical assistance and financial assistance through the State loan fund pursuant to section 1452; or ‘‘(bb) has already undertaken actions described in item (aa) without achieving compliance; ‘‘(ii) such consolidation, transfer, or other action is feasible; and ‘‘(iii) such consolidation, transfer, or other action could result in greater compliance with national primary drinking water regulations. ‘‘(B) TAILORING OF ASSESSMENTS .—Require ments for any assessment to be conducted pursuant to subparagraph (A) shall be tailored with respect to the size, type, and characteristics, of the public water system to be assessed. ‘‘(C) APPROVED ENTITIES .—An assessment conducted pursuant to subparagraph (A) may be conducted by an entity approved by the State requiring such assessment (or the Administrator, if the State does not have primary enforcement responsibility), which 
may include such State (or the Administrator, as applicable), the public water system, or a third party. ‘‘(D) BURDEN OF ASSESSMENTS .—It is the sense of Congress that any assessment required pursuant to subparagraph (A) should not be overly burdensome on the public water system that is assessed. ‘‘(4) FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE .—Notwith standing section 1452(a)(3), a public water system undertaking consolidation or transfer of ownership or other actions pursuant to an assessment completed under paragraph (3) may receive a loan described in section 1452(a)(2)(A) to carry out such consolidation, transfer, or other action. ‘‘(5) PROTECTION OF NONRESPONSIBLE SYS TEM.— ‘‘(A) IDENTIFICATION OF LIABILITIES .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—An owner or operator of a public water system that submits a plan pursuant to paragraph (1) based on an assessment conducted with respect to such public water system under paragraph (3) shall identify as part of such plan— ‘‘(I) any potential and existing liability for penalties and damages arising from each specific violation identified in the plan of which the owner or operator is aware; and ‘‘(II) any funds or other assets that are available to satisfy such liability, as of the date of submission of such plan, to the public water system that committed such violation. ‘‘(ii) INCLUSION .—In carrying out clause (i), the owner or operator shall take reasonable steps to ensure that all potential and existing liabilities for penalties and damages arising from each specific violation identified in the plan are identified. ‘‘(B) RESERVATION OF FUNDS .—A public water system that, consistent with the findings of an assessment conducted pursuant to paragraph (3), has completed the actions under a plan submitted and approved pursuant to this subsection shall not be liable under this title for a violation of this title identified in the plan, except to the extent to which funds or other assets are identified pursuant to subparagraph (A)(i)(II) as available to satisfy such liability. ‘‘(6) REGULATIONS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018, the Administrator shall promulgate regulations to implement paragraphs (3), (4), and (5).’’. (b) RETENTION OF PRIMARY ENFORCEMENT  AUTHORITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 1413(a) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–2(a)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (5) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) has adopted and is implementing procedures for requiring public water systems to assess options for consolidation or transfer of ownership or other actions in accordance with the regulations issued by the Administrator under section 1414(h)(6); and’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 1413(b)(1) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–2(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘of paragraphs (1), (2), (3), and (4)’’. 
SEC. 2011. IMPROVED ACCURACY AND AVAILABILITY OF COMPLIANCE MONITORING DATA. 
Section 1414 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(j) IMPROVED ACCURACY AND AVAILABILITY  
OFCOMPLIANCE MONITORING DATA.— ‘‘(1) STRATEGIC PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, the Administrator, in coordination with States (including States without primary enforcement responsibility under section 1413), public water systems, and other interested stakeholders, shall develop and provide to Congress a strategic plan for improving the accuracy and availability of monitoring data collected to demonstrate compliance with national primary drinking water regulations and submitted— ‘‘(A) by public water systems to States; or ‘‘(B) by States to the Administrator. ‘‘(2) EVALUATION .—In developing the strategic plan under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall evaluate any challenges faced— ‘‘(A) in ensuring the accuracy and integrity of submitted data described in paragraph (1); ‘‘(B) by States and public water systems in implementing an electronic system for submitting such data, including the technical and economic feasibility of implementing such a system; and ‘‘(C) by users of such electronic systems in being able to access such data. ‘‘(3) FINDINGS AND RECOMMENDATIONS .—The Administrator shall include in the strategic plan provided to Congress under paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) a summary of the findings of the evaluation under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(B) recommendations on practicable, costeffective methods and means that can be employed to improve the accuracy and availability of submitted data described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(4) CONSULTATION .—In developing the strategic plan under paragraph (1), the Administrator may, as appropriate, consult with States or other Federal agencies that have experience using practicable methods and means to improve the accuracy and availability of submitted data described in such paragraph.’’. 
Section 1420 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–9) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(2)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) a description of how the State will, as appropriate— ‘‘(i) encourage development by public water systems of asset management plans that include best practices for asset management; and ‘‘(ii) assist, including through the provision of technical assistance, public water systems in training operators or other relevant and appropriate persons in implementing such asset management plans.’’; (2) in subsection (c)(3), by inserting ‘‘, including efforts of the State to encourage development by public water systems of asset management plans and to assist public water systems in training relevant and appropriate persons in implementing such asset management plans’’ after ‘‘public water systems in the State’’; and (3) in subsection (d), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) INFORMATION ON ASSET MANAGEMENT  
PRACTICES .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this paragraph, and not less often than every 5 years thereafter, the Administrator shall review and, if appropriate, update educational materials, including handbooks, training materials, and technical information, made available by the Administrator to owners, managers, and operators of public water systems, local officials, technical assistance providers (including nonprofit water associations), and State personnel concerning best practices for asset management strategies that may be used by public water systems.’’. SEC. 2013. COMMUNITY WATER SYSTEM RISK AND RESILIENCE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1433 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300i–2) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) R ISK AND RESILIENCE ASSESSMENTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Each community water system serving a population of greater than 3,300 persons shall conduct an assessment of the risks to, and resilience of, its system. Such an assessment— ‘‘(A) shall include an assessment of— ‘‘(i) the risk to the system from malevolent acts and natural hazards; ‘‘(ii) the resilience of the pipes and constructed conveyances, physical barriers, source water, water collection and intake, pretreatment, treatment, storage and distribution facilities, electronic, computer, or other automated systems (including the security of such systems) which are utilized by the system; ‘‘(iii) the monitoring practices of the system; ‘‘(iv) the financial infrastructure of the system; ‘‘(v) the use, storage, or handling of various chemicals by the system; and ‘‘(vi) the operation and maintenance of the system; and ‘‘(B) may include an evaluation of capital and operational needs for risk and resilience management for the system. ‘‘(2) BASELINE INFORMATION .—The Administrator, not later than August 1, 2019, after consultation with appropriate departments and agencies of the Federal Government and with State and local governments, shall provide baseline information on malevolent acts of relevance to community water systems, which shall include consideration of acts that may— ‘‘(A) substantially disrupt the ability of the system to provide a safe and reliable supply of drinking water; or ‘‘(B) otherwise present significant public health or economic concerns to the community served by the system. ‘‘(3) CERTIFICATION .— ‘‘(A) CERTIFICATION .—Each community water system described in paragraph (1) shall submit to the Administrator a certification that the system has conducted an assessment complying with paragraph (1). Such certification shall be made prior to— ‘‘(i) March 31, 2020, in the case of systems serving a population of 100,000 or more; ‘‘(ii) December 31, 2020, in the case of systems serving a population of 50,000 or more but less than 100,000; and ‘‘(iii) June 30, 2021, in the case of systems serving a population greater than 3,300 but less than 50,000. ‘‘(B) REVIEW AND REVISION .—Each community water system described in paragraph (1) shall review the assessment of such system conducted under such paragraph at least once every 5 years after the applicable deadline for submission of its certification under subparagraph (A) to determine whether such assessment should be revised. Upon completion of such a review, the community water system shall submit to the Administrator a certification that the system has reviewed its assessment and, if applicable, revised such assessment. ‘‘(4) CONTENTS OF CERTIFICATIONS .—A cer tification required under paragraph (3) shall contain only— ‘‘(A) information that identifies the community water system submitting the certification; ‘‘(B) the date of the certification; and ‘‘(C) a statement that the community water system has conducted, reviewed, or revised the assessment, as applicable. 
‘‘(5) P ROVISION TO OTHER ENTITIES .—No community water system shall be required under State or local law to provide an assessment described in this section (or revision thereof) to any State, regional, or local governmental entity solely by reason of the requirement set forth in paragraph (3) that the system submit a certification to the Administrator. ‘‘(b) EMERGENCY RESPONSE PLAN.—Each community water system serving a population greater than 3,300 shall prepare or revise, where necessary, an emergency response plan that incorporates findings of the assessment conducted under subsection (a) for such system (and any revisions thereto). Each community water system shall certify to the Administrator, as soon as reasonably possible after the date of enactment of America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018, but not later than 6 months after completion of the assessment under subsection (a), that the system has completed such plan. The emergency response plan shall include— ‘‘(1) strategies and resources to improve the resilience of the system, including the physical security and cybersecurity of the system; ‘‘(2) plans and procedures that can be implemented, and identification of equipment that can be utilized, in the event of a malevolent act or natural hazard that threatens the ability of the community water system to deliver safe drinking water; ‘‘(3) actions, procedures, and equipment which can obviate or significantly lessen the impact of a malevolent act or natural hazard on the public health and the safety and supply of drinking water provided to communities and individuals, including the development of alternative source water options, relocation of water intakes, and construction of flood protection barriers; and ‘‘(4) strategies that can be used to aid in the detection of malevolent acts or natural hazards that threaten the security or resilience of the system. ‘‘(c) COORDINATION .—Community water systems shall, to the extent possible, coordinate with existing local emergency planning committees established pursuant to the Emergency Planning and Community RightTo Know Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C. 11001 et seq.) when preparing or revising an assessment or emergency response plan under this section. ‘‘(d) RECORD MAINTENANCE .—Each community water system shall maintain a copy of the assessment conducted under subsection (a) and the emergency response plan prepared under subsection (b) (including any revised assessment or plan) for 5 years after the date on which a certification of such assessment or plan is submitted to the Administrator under this section. ‘‘(e) GUIDANCE TO SMALL PUBLIC WATER  SYSTEMS .—The Administrator shall provide guidance and technical assistance to community water systems serving a population of less than 3,300 persons on how to conduct resilience assessments, prepare emergency response plans, and address threats from malevolent acts and natural hazards that threaten to disrupt the provision of safe drinking water or significantly affect the public health or significantly affect the safety or supply of drinking water provided to communities and individuals. ‘‘(f) ALTERNATIVE PREPAREDNESS AND  OPERATIONAL RESILIENCE PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) SATISFACTION OF REQUIREMENT .—A community water system that is required to comply with the requirements of subsections (a) and (b) may satisfy such requirements by— ‘‘(A) using and complying with technical standards that the Administrator has recognized under paragraph (2); and ‘‘(B) submitting to the Administrator a certification that the community water system is complying with subparagraph (A). ‘‘(2) AUTHORITY TO RECOGNIZE .—Consistent with section 12(d) of the National Technology Transfer and Advancement Act of 1995, the Administrator shall recognize technical standards that are developed or adopted by thirdparty organizations or voluntary consensus standards bodies that carry out the objectives or activities required by this section as a means of satisfying the requirements under subsection (a) or (b). ‘‘(g) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator shall establish and implement a program, to be known as the Drinking Water Infrastructure Risk and Resilience Program, under which the Administrator may award grants in each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021 to owners or operators of community water systems for the purpose of increasing the resilience of such community water systems. ‘‘(2) USE OF FUNDS .—As a condition on receipt of a grant under this section, an owner or operator of a community water system shall agree to use the grant funds exclusively to assist in the planning, design, construction, or implementation of a program or project consistent with an emergency response plan prepared pursuant to subsection (b), which may include— ‘‘(A) the purchase and installation of equipment for detection of drinking water contaminants or malevolent acts; ‘‘(B) the purchase and installation of fencing, gating, lighting, or security cameras; ‘‘(C) the tamperproofing of manhole covers, fire hydrants, and valve boxes; ‘‘(D) the purchase and installation of improved treatment technologies and equipment to improve the resilience of the system; ‘‘(E) improvements to electronic, computer, financial, or other automated systems and remote systems; ‘‘(F) participation in training programs, and the purchase of training manuals and guidance materials, relating to security and resilience; ‘‘(G) improvements in the use, storage, or handling of chemicals by the community water system; ‘‘(H) security screening of employees or contractor support services; ‘‘(I) equipment necessary to support emergency power or water supply, including standby and mobile sources; and ‘‘(J) the development of alternative source water options, relocation of water intakes, and construction of flood protection barriers. ‘‘(3) EXCLUSIONS .—A grant under this subsection may not be used for personnel costs, or for monitoring, operation, or maintenance of facilities, equipment, or systems. ‘‘(4) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—For each fiscal year, the Administrator may use not more than $5,000,000 from the funds made available to carry out this subsection to provide technical assistance to community water systems to assist in responding to and alleviating a vulnerability that would substantially disrupt the ability of the system to provide a safe and reliable supply of drinking water (including sources of water for such systems) which the Administrator determines to present an immediate and urgent need. ‘‘(5) GRANTS FOR SMALL SYSTEMS .—For each fiscal year, the Administrator may use not more than $10,000,000 from the funds made available to carry out this subsection to make grants to community water systems serving a population of less than 3,300 persons, or nonprofit organizations receiving assistance under section 1442(e), for activities and projects undertaken in accordance with the guidance provided to such systems under subsection (e) of this section. ‘‘(6) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— To carry out this subsection, there are authorized to be appropriated $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021. ‘‘(h) DEFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘resilience’ means the ability of a community water system or an asset of a community water system to adapt to or withstand the effects of a malevolent act or natural hazard without interruption to the asset’s or system’s function, or if the function is interrupted, to rapidly return to a normal operating condition; and ‘‘(2) the term ‘natural hazard’ means a natural event that threatens the functioning of a community water system, including an earthquake, tornado, flood, hurricane, wildfire, and hydrologic changes.’’. (b) SENSITIVE INFORMATION .— (1) PROTECTION FROM DISCLOSURE .—Infor mation submitted to the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency pursuant to section 1433 of the Safe Drinking Water Act, as in effect on the day before the date of enactment of America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018, shall be protected from disclosure in accordance with the provisions of such section as in effect on such day. (2) DISPOSAL .—The Administrator, in partnership with community water systems (as defined in section 1401 of the Safe Drinking Water Act), shall develop a strategy to, in a timeframe determined appropriate by the Administrator, securely and permanently dispose of, or return to the applicable community water system, any information described in paragraph (1). 
Section 1443(a)(7) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–2(a)(7)) is amended by striking ‘‘$100,000,000 for each of fiscal years 1997 through 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘$125,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021’’. 
(a) U SE OF FUNDS .—Section 1452(a)(2)(B) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j– 12(a)(2)(B)) is amended by striking ‘‘(including expenditures for planning, design, and associated preconstruction activities, including activities relating to the siting of the facility, but not’’ and inserting ‘‘(including expenditures for planning, design, siting, and associated preconstruction activities, or for replacing or rehabilitating aging treatment, storage, or distribution facilities of public water systems, but not’’. (b) PREVAILING WAGES .—Section 1452(a) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j– 12(a)) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) PREVAILING WAGES .—The requirements of section 1450(e) shall apply to any construction project carried out in whole or in part with assistance made available by a State loan fund.’’. (c) ASSISTANCE FOR DISADVANTAGED COMMUNITIES .—Section 1452(d)(2) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(d)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) TOTAL AMOUNT OF SUBSIDIES .—For each fiscal year, of the amount of the capitalization grant received by the State for the year, the total amount of loan subsidies made by a State pursuant to paragraph (1)— ‘‘(A) may not exceed 35 percent; and ‘‘(B) to the extent that there are sufficient applications for loans to communities described in paragraph (1), may not be less than 6 percent.’’. (d) TYPES OF ASSISTANCE .—Section 1452(f)(1) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(f)(1)) is amended— (1) by redesignating subparagraphs (C) and (D) as subparagraphs (D) and (E), respectively; 
(2) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) each loan will be fully amortized not later than 30 years after the completion of the project, except that in the case of a disadvantaged community (as defined in subsection (d)(3)) a State may provide an extended term for a loan, if the extended term— ‘‘(i) terminates not later than the date that is 40 years after the date of project completion; and ‘‘(ii) does not exceed the expected design life of the project;’’; and (3) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘1 year after completion of the project for which the loan was made’’ and all that follows through ‘‘design life of the project;’’ and inserting ‘‘18 months after completion of the project for which the loan was made;’’. (e) NEEDS SURVEY .—Section 1452(h) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j– 12(h)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Administrator’’ and inserting ‘‘(1) The Administrator’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) Any assessment conducted under paragraph (1) after the date of enactment of America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 shall include an assessment of costs to replace all lead service lines (as defined in section 1459B(a)(4)) of all eligible public water systems in the United States, and such assessment shall describe separately the costs associated with replacing the portions of such lead service lines that are owned by an eligible public water system and the costs associated with replacing any remaining portions of such lead service lines, to the extent practicable.’’. (f) OTHER AUTHORIZED ACTIVITIES .—Section 1452(k)(1)(C) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(k)(1)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘for fiscal years 1996 and 1997 to delineate and assess source water protection areas in accordance with section 1453’’ and inserting ‘‘to delineate, assess, and update assessments for source water protection areas in accordance with section 1453’’. (g) BESTPRACTICES FOR ADMINISTRATION OF  STATE REVOLVING LOANFUNDS .—Section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) is amended by adding after subsection (r) the following: ‘‘(s) BESTPRACTICES FOR STATE LOANFUND ADMINISTRATION .—The Administrator shall— ‘‘(1) collect information from States on administration of State loan funds established pursuant to subsection (a)(1), including— ‘‘(A) efforts to streamline the process for applying for assistance through such State loan funds; ‘‘(B) programs in place to assist with the completion of applications for assistance through such State loan funds; ‘‘(C) incentives provided to public water systems that partner with small public water systems to assist with the application process for assistance through such State loan funds; ‘‘(D) practices to ensure that amounts in such State loan funds are used to provide loans, loan guarantees, or other authorized assistance in a timely fashion; ‘‘(E) practices that support effective management of such State loan funds; ‘‘(F) practices and tools to enhance financial management of such State loan funds; and ‘‘(G) key financial measures for use in evaluating State loan fund operations, including— ‘‘(i) measures of lending capacity, such as current assets and current liabilities or undisbursed loan assistance liability; and ‘‘(ii) measures of growth or sustainability, such as return on net interest; ‘‘(2) not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018, disseminate to the States best practices for administration of such State loan funds, based on the information collected pursuant to this subsection; and ‘‘(3) periodically update such best practices, as appropriate.’’. SEC. 2016. AUTHORIZATION FOR SOURCE WATER PETITION PROGRAMS. 
Section 1454(e) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–14(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘1997 through 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘2020 through 2021’’. 
Part E of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j et seq.) is further amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘(a) R EVIEW .—The Administrator, after consultation with appropriate departments and agencies of the Federal Government and with State and local governments, shall review (or enter into contracts or cooperative agreements to provide for a review of) existing and potential methods, means, equipment, and technologies (including review of cost, availability, and efficacy of such methods, means, equipment, and technologies) that— ‘‘(1) ensure the physical integrity of community water systems; ‘‘(2) prevent, detect, and respond to any contaminant for which a national primary drinking water regulation has been promulgated in community water systems and source water for community water systems; ‘‘(3) allow for use of alternate drinking water supplies from nontraditional sources; and ‘‘(4) facilitate source water assessment and protection. ‘‘(b) INCLUSIONS .—The review under subsection (a) shall include review of methods, means, equipment, and technologies— ‘‘(1) that are used for corrosion protection, metering, leak detection, or protection against water loss; ‘‘(2) that are intelligent systems, including hardware, software, or other technology, used to assist in protection and detection described in paragraph (1); ‘‘(3) that are pointofuse devices or point ofentry devices; ‘‘(4) that are physical or electronic systems that monitor, or assist in monitoring, contaminants in drinking water in realtime; and ‘‘(5) that allow for the use of nontraditional sources for drinking water, including physical separation and chemical and biological transformation technologies. ‘‘(c) AVAILABILITY .—The Administrator shall make the results of the review under subsection (a) available to the public. ‘‘(d) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator to carry out this section $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, which shall remain available until expended.’’. 
(a) A DDRESSING SOURCE WATER USED FOR  DRINKING WATER .—Section 304 of the Emergency Planning and Community RightTo Know Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C. 11004) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘State emergency planning commission’’ and inserting ‘‘State emergency response commission’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) ADDRESSING SOURCE WATER USED FOR  DRINKING WATER .— ‘‘(1) APPLICABLE STATE AGENCY NOTIFICA TION.—A State emergency response commission shall— ‘‘(A) promptly notify the applicable State agency of any release that requires notice under subsection (a); ‘‘(B) provide to the applicable State agency the information identified in subsection (b)(2); and ‘‘(C) provide to the applicable State agency a written followup emergency notice in accordance with subsection (c). ‘‘(2) COMMUNITY WATER SYSTEM NOTIFICA TION.— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—An applicable State agency receiving notice of a release under paragraph (1) shall— ‘‘(i) promptly forward such notice to any community water system the source waters of which are affected by the release; ‘‘(ii) forward to the community water system the information provided under paragraph (1)(B); and ‘‘(iii) forward to the community water system the written followup emergency notice provided under paragraph (1)(C). ‘‘(B) DIRECT NOTIFICATION .—In the case of a State that does not have an applicable State agency, the State emergency response commission shall provide the notices and information described in paragraph (1) directly to any community water system the source waters of which are affected by a release that requires notice under subsection (a). ‘‘(3) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection: ‘‘(A) COMMUNITY WATER SYSTEM .—The term ‘community water system’ has the meaning given such term in section 1401(15) of the Safe Drinking Water Act. ‘‘(B) APPLICABLE STATE AGENCY .—The term ‘applicable State agency’ means the State agency that has primary responsibility to enforce the requirements of the Safe Drinking Water Act in the State.’’. (b) AVAILABILITY TO COMMUNITY WATER  SYSTEMS .—Section 312(e) of the Emergency Planning and Community RightToKnow Act of 1986 (42 U.S.C. 11022(e)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘State emergency planning commission’’ and inserting ‘‘State emergency response commission’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) AVAILABILITY TO COMMUNITY WATER  
SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—An affected community water system may have access to tier II information by submitting a request to the State emergency response commission or the local emergency planning committee. Upon receipt of a request for tier II information, the State commission or local committee shall, pursuant to paragraph (1), request the facility owner or operator for the tier II information and make available such information to the affected community water system. ‘‘(B) DEFINITION .—In this paragraph, the term ‘affected community water system’ means a community water system (as defined in section 1401(15) of the Safe Drinking Water Act) that receives supplies of drinking water from a source water area, delineated under section 1453 of the Safe Drinking Water Act, in which a facility that is required to prepare and submit an inventory form under subsection (a)(1) is located.’’. 
(a) R EPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit to Congress a report containing the results of a study, to be conducted in consultation with the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, any State agency that has primary responsibility to enforce the requirements of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.) in a State, and public water systems, to identify demonstrations of compliance 
with a State or local environmental law that may be substantially equivalent to any demonstration required by the Administrator for compliance with a Federal crosscutting requirement. (b) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (1) FEDERAL CROSS CUTTING REQUIREMENT .— The term ‘‘Federal crosscutting requirement’’ means a requirement of a Federal law or regulation, compliance with which is a condition on receipt of a loan or loan guarantee pursuant to section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12), that, if applied with respect to projects and activities for which a public water system receives such a loan or loan guarantee, would be substantially equivalent to a requirement of an applicable State or local law. (2) PUBLIC WATER SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘public water system’’ has the meaning given that term in section 1401 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f). 
SEC. 2020. ASSISTANCE FOR AREAS AFFECTED BY NATURAL DISASTERS. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) COMMUNITY WATER SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘community water system’’ has the meaning given such term in section 1401(15) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f(15)). (2) ELIGIBLE STATE .—The term ‘‘eligible State’’ means a State, as defined in section 1401(13)(B) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f(13)(B)). (3) ELIGIBLE SYSTEM .—The term ‘‘eligible system’’ means a community water system— (A) that serves an area for which, after January 1, 2017, the President under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.)— (i) has issued a major disaster declaration; and (ii) provided disaster assistance; or (B) that is capable of extending its potable drinking water service into an underserved area. (4) NATIONAL PRIMARY DRINKING WATER REG ULATION .—The term ‘‘national primary drinking water regulation’’ means a national primary drinking water regulation under section 1412 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300g–1). (5) UNDERSERVED AREA .—The term ‘‘underserved area’’ means a geographic area in an eligible State that— (A) is served by a community water system serving fewer than 50,000 persons where delivery of, or access to, potable water is or was disrupted; and (B) received disaster assistance pursuant to a declaration described in paragraph (3)(A). (b) STATE REVOLVING LOAN FUND ASSIST ANCE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—An eligible State may use funds provided pursuant to subsection (e)(1) to provide assistance to an eligible system within the eligible State for the purpose of restoring or increasing compliance with national primary drinking water regulations in an underserved area. (2) INCLUSION .— (A) ADDITIONAL SUBSIDIZATION .—With re spect to assistance provided under paragraph (1), an eligible system shall be eligible to receive loans with additional subsidization (including forgiveness of principal, negativeinterest loans, or grants (or any combination thereof)) for the purpose described in paragraph (1). (B) NONDESIGNATION .—Assistance provided under paragraph (1) may include additional subsidization, as described in subparagraph (A), even if the service area of the eligible system has not been designated by the applicable eligible State as a disadvantaged community pursuant to section 1452(d)(3) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j– 12(d)(3)). (c) EXCLUSION .—Assistance provided under this section shall not include assistance for a project that is financed (directly or indirectly), in whole or in part, with proceeds of any obligation issued after the date of enactment of this Act the interest of which is exempt from the tax imposed under chapter 1 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (d) NONDUPLICATION OF WORK.—An activity carried out pursuant to this section shall not duplicate the work or activity of any other Federal or State department or agency. (e) ADDITIONAL DRINKING WATER STATE REVOLVING FUNDCAPITALIZATION GRANTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency $100,000,000 to provide additional capitalization grants pursuant to section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) to eligible States, to be available— (A) for a period of 24 months beginning on the date on which the funds are made available for the purpose described in subsection (b)(1); and (B) after the end of such 24month period, until expended for the purpose described in paragraph (3) of this subsection. (2) SUPPLEMENTED INTENDED USE PLANS .— (A) OBLIGATION OF AMOUNTS .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which an eligible State submits to the Administrator a supplemental intended use plan under section 1452(b) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(b)), from funds made available under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall obligate to such eligible State such amounts as are appropriate to address the needs identified in such supplemental intended use plan for the purpose described in subsection (b)(1). (B) PLANS .—A supplemental intended use plan described in subparagraph (A) shall include information regarding projects to be funded using the assistance provided under subsection (b)(1), including, with respect to each such project— (i) a description of the project; (ii) an explanation of the means by which the project will restore or improve compliance with national primary drinking water regulations in an underserved area; (iii) the estimated cost of the project; and (iv) the projected start date for the project. (3) UNOBLIGATED AMOUNTS .—Any amounts made available to the Administrator under paragraph (1) that are unobligated on the date that is 24 months after the date on which the amounts are made available shall be available for the purpose of providing additional grants to States to capitalize State loan funds as provided under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j– 12). (4) APPLICABILITY .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this section, all requirements of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300f et seq.) shall apply to funding provided under this section. (B) INTENDED USE PLANS .—Section 1452(b)(1) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(b)(1)) shall not apply to a supplemental intended use plan under paragraph (2). (C) STATE CONTRIBUTION .—For amounts authorized to be appropriated under paragraph (1), the matching requirements in section 1452(e) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(e)) shall not apply to any funds provided to the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico under this section. SEC. 2021. MONITORING FOR UNREGULATED CONTAMINANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 1445 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–4) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) MONITORING BY CERTAIN SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding subsection (a)(2)(A), the Administrator shall, subject to the availability of appropriations for such purpose— ‘‘(A) require public water systems serving between 3,300 and 10,000 persons to monitor for unregulated contaminants in accordance with this section; and ‘‘(B) ensure that only a representative sample of public water systems serving fewer than 3,300 persons are required to monitor. ‘‘(2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—Paragraph (1) shall take effect 3 years after the date of enactment of this subsection. ‘‘(3) LIMITATION .—Paragraph (1) shall take effect unless the Administrator determines that there is not sufficient laboratory capacity to accommodate the analysis necessary to carry out monitoring required under such paragraph. ‘‘(4) LIMITATION ON ENFORCEMENT .—The Ad ministrator may not enforce a requirement to monitor pursuant to paragraph (1) with respect to any public water system serving fewer than 3,300 persons, including by subjecting such a public water system to any civil penalty. ‘‘(5) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated $15,000,000 in each fiscal year for which monitoring is required to be carried out under this subsection for the Administrator to pay the reasonable cost of such testing and laboratory analysis as are necessary to carry out monitoring required under this subsection.’’. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 1445(a)(2)(H) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–4(a)(2)(H)) is amended by striking ‘‘1997 through 2003’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2021’’. (c) INCLUSION IN DATA BASE.—Section 1445(g)(7) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–4(g)(7)) is amended by— (1) striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B); (2) redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); and (3) inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) if applicable, monitoring information collected by public water systems pursuant to subsection (j) that is not duplicative of monitoring information included in the data base under subparagraph (B) or (D); and’’. 
Section 1452(a)(4)(A) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(a)(4)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 2023. AUTHORIZATION FOR CAPITALIZATION GRANTS TO STATES FOR STATE DRINKING WATER TREATMENT REVOLVING LOAN FUNDS. 
Section 1452(m) of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12(m)) is amended— (1) by striking the first sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the purposes of this section— ‘‘(A) $1,174,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(B) $1,300,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; and ‘‘(C) $1,950,000,000 for fiscal year 2021.’’; (2) by striking ‘‘To the extent amounts authorized to be’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) To the extent amounts authorized to be’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘(prior to the fiscal year 2004)’’. 
(a) P RELIMINARY PERMITS .—Section 5 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 798) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘three’’ and inserting ‘‘4’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘Commission may extend the period of a preliminary permit once for not more than 2 additional years beyond the 3 years’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘Commission may— ‘‘(1) extend the period of a preliminary permit once for not more than 4 additional years beyond the 4 years’’; (B) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) after the end of an extension period granted under paragraph (1), issue an additional permit to the permittee if the Commission determines that there are extraordinary circumstances that warrant the issuance of the additional permit.’’. (b) TIME LIMIT FOR CONSTRUCTION OF  PROJECT WORKS .—Section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) is amended in the second sentence by striking ‘‘once but not longer than two additional years’’ and inserting ‘‘for not more than 8 additional years,’’. (c) OBLIGATION FOR PAYMENT OF ANNUAL  CHARGES .—Any obligation of a licensee or exemptee for the payment of annual charges under section 10(e) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 803(e)) for a project that has not commenced construction as of the date of enactment of this Act shall commence not earlier than the latest of— (1) the date by which the licensee or exemptee is required to commence construction; or (2) the date of any extension of the deadline under paragraph (1). 
Section 30(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 823a(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking ‘‘45 days’’ and inserting ‘‘30 days’’; and (2) in paragraph (3)(C)(ii), by striking ‘‘5’’ and inserting ‘‘40’’. 
SEC. 3003. PROMOTING HYDROPOWER DEVELOPMENT AT EXISTING NONPOWERED DAMS. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 34. PROMOTING HYDROPOWER DEVELOPMENT AT EXISTING NONPOWERED DAMS. 
‘‘(a) E XPEDITED LICENSING PROCESS FOR  NONFEDERAL HYDROPOWER PROJECTS AT EXISTING NONPOWERED DAMS.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—As provided in this section, the Commission may issue and amend licenses, as appropriate, for any facility the Commission determines is a qualifying facility. ‘‘(2) RULE.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall issue a rule establishing an expedited process for issuing and amending licenses for qualifying facilities under this section. ‘‘(3) INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE .— ‘‘(A) In establishing the expedited process under this section, the Commission shall convene an interagency task force, with appropriate Federal and State agencies and Indian tribes represented, to coordinate the regulatory processes associated with the authorizations required to construct and operate a qualifying facility. ‘‘(B) The task force shall develop procedures that are consistent with subsection (e)(1)(E) to seek to ensure that, for projects licensed pursuant to this section, the Commission and appropriate Federal and State agencies and Indian tribes shall exercise their authorities in a manner that, to the extent practicable, will not result in any material change to the storage, release, or flow operations of the associated nonpowered dam existing at the time an applicant files its license application. ‘‘(4) LENGTH OF PROCESS .—The Commission shall seek to ensure that the expedited process under this section will result in a final decision on an application for a license by not later than 2 years after receipt of a completed application for the license. ‘‘(b) DAMSAFETY .— ‘‘(1) ASSESSMENT .—Before issuing any license for a qualifying facility, the Commission shall assess the safety of existing non Federal dams and other nonFederal structures related to the qualifying facility (including possible consequences associated with failure of such structures). ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—In issuing any license for a qualifying facility at a nonFederal dam, the Commission shall ensure that the Commission’s dam safety requirements apply to such qualifying facility, and the associated qualifying nonpowered dam, over the term of such license. ‘‘(c) INTERAGENCY COMMUNICATIONS .—Inter agency cooperation in the preparation of environmental documents under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to an application for a license for a qualifying facility under this section, and interagency communications relating to licensing process coordination pursuant to this section, shall not— ‘‘(1) be considered to be ex parte communications under Commission rules; or ‘‘(2) preclude an agency from participating in a licensing proceeding under this part, providing that any agency participating as a party in a licensing proceeding under this part shall, to the extent practicable, demonstrate a separation of staff cooperating with the Commission under the National Environmental Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and staff participating in the applicable proceeding under this part. ‘‘(d) IDENTIFICATION OF NONPOWERED DAMS 
FORHYDROPOWER DEVELOPMENT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 12 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission, with the Secretary of the Army, the Secretary of the Interior, and the Secretary of Agriculture, shall jointly develop a list of existing nonpowered Federal dams that the Commission and the Secretaries agree have the greatest potential for nonFederal hydropower development. ‘‘(2) CONSIDERATIONS .—In developing the list under paragraph (1), the Commission and the Secretaries may consider the following: ‘‘(A) The compatibility of hydropower generation with existing purposes of the dam. ‘‘(B) The proximity of the dam to existing transmission resources. ‘‘(C) The existence of studies to characterize environmental, cultural, and historic resources relating to the dam. ‘‘(D) The effects of hydropower development on release or flow operations of the dam. ‘‘(3) AVAILABILITY .—The Commission shall— ‘‘(A) provide the list developed under paragraph (1) to— ‘‘(i) the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and the Committee on Natural Resources, of the House of Representatives; and ‘‘(ii) the Committee on Environment and Public Works, and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources, of the Senate; and ‘‘(B) make such list available to the public. ‘‘(e) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section: ‘‘(1) QUALIFYING CRITERIA .—The term ‘qualifying criteria’ means, with respect to a facility— ‘‘(A) as of the date of enactment of this section, the facility is not licensed under, or exempted from the license requirements contained in, this part; ‘‘(B) the facility will be associated with a qualifying nonpowered dam; ‘‘(C) the facility will be constructed, operated, and maintained for the generation of electric power; ‘‘(D) the facility will use for such generation any withdrawals, diversions, releases, or flows from the associated qualifying nonpowered dam, including its associated impoundment or other infrastructure; and ‘‘(E) the operation of the facility will not result in any material change to the storage, release, or flow operations of the associated qualifying nonpowered dam. ‘‘(2) QUALIFYING FACILITY .—The term ‘qualifying facility’ means a facility that is determined under this section to meet the qualifying criteria. ‘‘(3) QUALIFYING NONPOWERED DAM .—The term ‘qualifying nonpowered dam’ means any dam, dike, embankment, or other barrier— ‘‘(A) the construction of which was completed on or before the date of enactment of this section; ‘‘(B) that is or was operated for the control, release, or distribution of water for agricultural, municipal, navigational, industrial, commercial, environmental, recreational, aesthetic, drinking water, or flood control purposes; and ‘‘(C) that, as of the date of enactment of this section, is not generating electricity with hydropower generating works that are licensed under, or exempted from the license requirements contained in, this part. ‘‘(f) SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section affects— ‘‘(1) any authority of the Commission to license a facility at a nonpowered dam under this part; and ‘‘(2) any authority of the Commission to issue an exemption to a small hydroelectric power project under the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978.’’. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.), as amended, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(a) E XPEDITED LICENSING PROCESS FOR  CLOSED LOOPPUMPED STORAGE PROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—As provided in this section, the Commission may issue and amend licenses, as appropriate, for closedloop pumped storage projects. ‘‘(2) RULE.—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall issue a rule establishing an expedited process for issuing and amending licenses for closedloop pumped storage projects under this section. ‘‘(3) INTERAGENCY TASK FORCE .—In estab lishing the expedited process under this section, the Commission shall convene an interagency task force, with appropriate Federal and State agencies and Indian tribes represented, to coordinate the regulatory processes associated with the authorizations required to construct and operate closedloop pumped storage projects. 
‘‘(4) L ENGTH OF PROCESS .—The Commission shall seek to ensure that the expedited process under this section will result in final decision on an application for a license by not later than 2 years after receipt of a completed application for such license. ‘‘(b) DAMSAFETY .—Before issuing any license for a closedloop pumped storage project, the Commission shall assess the safety of existing dams and other structures related to the project (including possible consequences associated with failure of such structures). ‘‘(c) EXCEPTIONS FROM OTHER REQUIRE MENTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In issuing or amending a license for a closedloop pumped storage project pursuant to the expedited process established under this section, the Commission may grant an exception from any other requirement of this part with respect to any part of the closedloop pumped storage project (not including any dam or other impoundment). ‘‘(2) CONSULTATION .—In granting an exception under paragraph (1), the Commission shall consult with the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, the National Marine Fisheries Service, and the State agency exercising administration over the fish and wildlife resources of the State in which the closedloop pumped storage project is or will be located, in the manner provided by the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act (16 U.S.C. 661 et seq.). ‘‘(3) TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—In granting an exception under paragraph (1), the Commission shall include in any such exception— ‘‘(A) such terms and conditions as the United States Fish and Wildlife Service, the National Marine Fisheries Service, and the State agency described in paragraph (2) each determine are appropriate to prevent loss of, or damage to, fish and wildlife resources and to otherwise carry out the purposes of the Fish and Wildlife Coordination Act; and ‘‘(B) such terms and conditions as the Commission deems appropriate to ensure that such closedloop pumped storage project continues to comply with the provisions of this section and terms and conditions included in any such exception. ‘‘(4) FEES.—The Commission, in addition to the requirements of section 10(e), shall establish fees which shall be paid by an applicant for a license for a closedloop pumped storage project that is required to meet terms and conditions set by fish and wildlife agencies under paragraph (3). Such fees shall be adequate to reimburse the fish and wildlife agencies referred to in paragraph (3) for any reasonable costs incurred in connection with any studies or other reviews carried out by such agencies for purposes of compliance with this section. The fees shall, subject to annual appropriations Acts, be transferred to such agencies by the Commission for use solely for purposes of carrying out such studies and shall remain available until expended. ‘‘(d) TRANSFERS .—Notwithstanding section 5, and regardless of whether the holder of a preliminary permit for a closedloop pumped storage project claimed municipal preference under section 7(a) when obtaining the permit, on request by a municipality, the Commission may, to facilitate development of a closedloop pumped storage project— ‘‘(1) add entities as joint permittees following issuance of a preliminary permit; and ‘‘(2) transfer a license in part to one or more nonmunicipal entities as colicensees with a municipality, if the municipality retains majority ownership of the project for which the license was issued. ‘‘(e) INTERAGENCY COMMUNICATIONS .—Inter agency cooperation in the preparation of environmental documents under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) with respect to an application for a license for a closedloop pumped storage project submitted pursuant to this section, and interagency communications relating to licensing process coordination pursuant to this section, shall not— ‘‘(1) be considered to be ex parte communications under Commission rules; or ‘‘(2) preclude an agency from participating in a licensing proceeding under this part, providing that any agency participating as a party in a licensing proceeding under this part shall, to the extent practicable, demonstrate a separation of staff cooperating with the Commission under the National Environmental Policy Act (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.) and staff participating in the applicable proceeding under this part. ‘‘(f) DEVELOPING ABANDONED MINES FOR  PUMPED STORAGE .— ‘‘(1) WORKSHOP .—Not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall hold a workshop to explore potential opportunities for development of closedloop pumped storage projects at abandoned mine sites. ‘‘(2) GUIDANCE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, the Commission shall issue guidance to assist applicants for licenses or preliminary permits for closedloop pumped storage projects at abandoned mine sites. ‘‘(g) QUALIFYING CRITERIA FOR CLOSED LOOP PUMPED STORAGE PROJECTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Commission shall establish criteria that a pumped storage project shall meet in order to qualify as a closedloop pumped storage project eligible for the expedited process established under this section. ‘‘(2) INCLUSIONS .—In establishing the criteria under paragraph (1), the Commission shall include criteria requiring that the pumped storage project— ‘‘(A) cause little to no change to existing surface and ground water flows and uses; and ‘‘(B) is unlikely to adversely affect species listed as a threatened species or endangered species under the Endangered Species Act of 1973. ‘‘(h) SAVINGS CLAUSE .—Nothing in this section affects any authority of the Commission to license a closedloop pumped storage project under this part.’’. 
Part I of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 792 et seq.), as amended, is further amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In determining the term of a new license issued when an existing license under this part expires, the Commission shall take into consideration, among other things— ‘‘(1) projectrelated investments by the licensee under the new license; and ‘‘(2) projectrelated investments by the licensee over the term of the existing license. ‘‘(b) EQUAL WEIGHT .—The determination of the Commission under subsection (a) shall give equal weight to— ‘‘(1) investments by the licensee to implement the new license under this part, including investments relating to redevelopment, new construction, new capacity, efficiency, modernization, rehabilitation or replacement of major equipment, safety improvements, or environmental, recreation, or other protection, mitigation, or enhancement measures required or authorized by the new license; and ‘‘(2) investments by the licensee over the term of the existing license (including any terms under annual licenses) that— ‘‘(A) resulted in redevelopment, new construction, new capacity, efficiency, modernization, rehabilitation or replacement of major equipment, safety improvements, or environmental, recreation, or other protection, mitigation, or enhancement measures conducted over the term of the existing license; and ‘‘(B) were not expressly considered by the Commission as contributing to the length of the existing license term in any order establishing or extending the existing license term. ‘‘(c) COMMISSION DETERMINATION .—At the request of the licensee, the Commission shall make a determination as to whether any planned, ongoing, or completed investment meets the criteria under subsection (b)(2). Any determination under this subsection shall be issued within 60 days following receipt of the licensee’s request. When issuing its determination under this subsection, the Commission shall not assess the incremental number of years that the investment may add to the new license term. All such assessment shall occur only as provided in subsection (a).’’. 
SEC. 3006. FAIR RATEPAYER ACCOUNTABILITY, TRANSPARENCY, AND EFFICIENCY STANDARDS. 
Section 205 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824d) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) INACTION OF COMMISSIONERS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—With respect to a change described in subsection (d), if the Commission permits the 60day period established therein to expire without issuing an order accepting or denying the change because the Commissioners are divided two against two as to the lawfulness of the change, as a result of vacancy, incapacity, or recusal on the Commission, or if the Commission lacks a quorum— ‘‘(A) the failure to issue an order accepting or denying the change by the Commission shall be considered to be an order issued by the Commission accepting the change for purposes of section 313(a); and ‘‘(B) each Commissioner shall add to the record of the Commission a written statement explaining the views of the Commissioner with respect to the change. ‘‘(2) APPEAL .—If, pursuant to this subsection, a person seeks a rehearing under section 313(a), and the Commission fails to act on the merits of the rehearing request by the date that is 30 days after the date of the rehearing request because the Commissioners are divided two against two, as a result of vacancy, incapacity, or recusal on the Commission, or if the Commission lacks a quorum, such person may appeal under section 313(b).’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to Federal Energy Regulatory Commission project numbers 12756, 12757, and 12758, the Commission may, at the request of the licensee for the applicable project, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest requirements of that section and the Commission’s procedures under that section, extend the time period during which such licensee is required to commence the construction of its applicable project for up to 3 consecutive 2year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission under that section for such project. (b) OBLIGATION FOR PAYMENT OF ANNUAL  CHARGES .—Any obligation of a licensee for a project described in subsection (a) for the payment of annual charges under section 
10(e) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 803(e)) shall commence when the construction of the project commences. (c) REINSTATEMENT OF LICENSE ; EFFECTIVE  DATE FOR EXTENSION .— (1) REINSTATEMENT .—If the time period required for commencement of construction of a project described in subsection (a) has expired prior to the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commission may reinstate the license for such project, effective as of the date of the expiration of the license. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE FOR EXTENSION .—If the Commission reinstates a license under paragraph (1) for a project, the first extension authorized under subsection (a) with respect to such project shall take effect on the effective date of such reinstatement under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 3008. STAY AND REINSTATEMENT OF FERC LICENSE NO. 11393 FOR THE MAHONEY LAKE HYDROELECTRIC PROJECT. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) COMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission. (2) LICENSE .—The term ‘‘license’’ means the license for the Commission project numbered 11393. (3) LICENSEE .—The term ‘‘licensee’’ means the holder of the license. (b) STAY OF LICENSE .—On the request of the licensee, the Commission shall issue an order continuing the stay of the license. (c) LIFTING OF STAY.—On the request of the licensee, but not later than 10 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission shall— (1) issue an order lifting the stay of the license under subsection (b); and (2) make the effective date of the license the date on which the stay is lifted under paragraph (1). (d) EXTENSION OF LICENSE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding the time period specified in section 13 of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 806) that would otherwise apply to the Commission project numbered 11393, the Commission may, at the request of the licensee, and after reasonable notice, in accordance with the good faith, due diligence, and public interest requirements of, and the procedures of the Commission under, that section, extend the time period during which the licensee is required to commence the construction of the project for not more than 3 consecutive 2year periods from the date of the expiration of the extension originally issued by the Commission. (2) REINSTATEMENT OF EXPIRED LICENSE .— (A) IN GENERAL .—If the period required for the commencement of construction of the project described in paragraph (1) has expired prior to the date of enactment of this Act, the Commission may reinstate the license effective as of the date of the expiration of the license. (B) EXTENSION .—If the Commission reinstates the license under subparagraph (A), the first extension authorized under paragraph (1) shall take effect on the date of that expiration. (e) EFFECT .—Nothing in this Act prioritizes, or creates any advantage or disadvantage to, Commission project numbered 11393 under Federal law, including the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 791a et seq.) or the Public Utility Regulatory Policies Act of 1978 (16 U.S.C. 2601 et seq.), as compared to— (1) any electric generating facility in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; or (2) any electric generating facility that may be examined, proposed, or developed during the period of any stay or extension of the license under this Act. 
(a) D RAWDOWN AND SALE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241), except as provided in subsection (b), the Secretary of Energy shall draw down and sell 5,000,000 barrels of crude oil from the Strategic Petroleum Reserve during fiscal year 2028. (2) DEPOSIT OF AMOUNTS RECEIVED FROM  
SALE .—Amounts received from a sale under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in the general fund of the Treasury during the fiscal year in which the sale occurs. (b) EMERGENCY PROTECTION .—The Secretary of Energy may not draw down and sell crude oil under this section in quantities that would limit the authority to sell petroleum products under subsection (h) of section 161 of the Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6241) in the full quantity authorized by that subsection. TITLE IV—OTHER MATTERS Subtitle A—Clean Water 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall establish a stormwater infrastructure funding task force composed of representatives of Federal, State, and local governments and private (including nonprofit) entities to conduct a study on, and develop recommendations to improve, the availability of public and private sources of funding for the construction, rehabilitation, and operation and maintenance of stormwater infrastructure to meet the requirements of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1251 et seq.). (b) CONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out subsection (a), the task force shall— (1) identify existing Federal, State, and local public sources and private sources of funding for stormwater infrastructure; and (2) consider— (A) how funding for stormwater infrastructure from such sources has been made available, and utilized, in each State to address stormwater infrastructure needs identified pursuant to section 516(b)(1) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1375(b)(1)); (B) how the source of funding affects the affordability of the infrastructure (as determined based on the considerations used to assess the financial capability of municipalities under the integrated planning guidelines described in the Integrated Municipal Stormwater and Wastewater Planning Approach Framework, issued by the Environmental Protection Agency on June 5, 2012, and dated May, 2012), including consideration of the costs associated with financing the infrastructure; and (C) whether such sources of funding are sufficient to support capital expenditures and longterm operation and maintenance costs necessary to meet the stormwater infrastructure needs of municipalities. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator shall submit to Congress a report that describes the results of the study conducted, and the recommendations developed, under subsection (a). (d) STATE DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘State’’ has the meaning given that term in section 502 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1362). 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall— (A) for each of the programs described in paragraph (2), update the information for those programs to include information on costeffective and alternative wastewater recycling and treatment technologies, including onsite and decentralized systems; and (B) disseminate to units of local government and nonprofit organizations seeking Federal funds for wastewater technology information on the cost effectiveness of alternative wastewater treatment and recycling technologies, including onsite and decentralized systems. (2) PROGRAMS DESCRIBED .—The programs referred to in paragraph (1)(A) are programs that provide technical assistance for wastewater management, including— (A) programs for nonpoint source management under section 319 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1329); and (B) the permit program for the disposal of sewer sludge under section 405 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1345). (b) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and not less frequently than every 3 years thereafter, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall submit to Congress a report that describes— (1) the type and amount of information provided under subsection (a) to units of local government and nonprofit organizations regarding alternative wastewater treatment and recycling technologies; (2) the States and regions that have made greatest use of alternative wastewater treatment and recycling technologies; and (3) the actions taken by the Administrator to assist States in the deployment of alternative wastewater treatment and recycling technologies, including onsite and decentralized systems. 
(a) T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—Section 104 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1254) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (6); (B) by striking the period at the end of paragraph (7) and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) make grants to nonprofit organizations— ‘‘(A) to provide technical assistance to rural, small, and tribal municipalities for the purpose of assisting, in consultation with the State in which the assistance is provided, such municipalities and tribal governments in the planning, developing, and acquisition of financing for eligible projects and activities described in section 603(c); ‘‘(B) to provide technical assistance and training for rural, small, and tribal publicly owned treatment works and decentralized wastewater treatment systems to enable such treatment works and systems to protect water quality and achieve and maintain compliance with the requirements of this Act; and ‘‘(C) to disseminate information to rural, small, and tribal municipalities and municipalities that meet the affordability criteria established under section 603(i)(2) by the State in which the municipality is located with respect to planning, design, construction, and operation of publicly owned treatment works and decentralized wastewater treatment systems.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(w) NONPROFIT ORGANIZATION .—For pur poses of subsection (b)(8), the term ‘nonprofit organization’ means a nonprofit organization that the Administrator determines, after consultation with the States regarding what small publicly owned treatments works in 
the State find to be most beneficial and effective, is qualified and experienced in providing onsite training and technical assistance to small publicly owned treatment works.’’. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 104(u) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1254(u)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘and (6)’’ and inserting ‘‘(6)’’; and (2) by inserting before the period at the end the following: ‘‘; and (7) not to exceed $25,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 for carrying out subsections (b)(3), (b)(8), and (g)’’. 
(a) L ONGISLAND SOUND RESTORATION PROGRAM .—Section 119 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1269) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘Management Conference of the Long Island Sound Study’’ and inserting ‘‘conference study’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in each of subparagraphs (A) through (G), by striking the commas at the end of the subparagraphs and inserting semicolons; (ii) in subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘, and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (iii) in subparagraph (I), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(J) environmental vulnerabilities of the Long Island Sound watershed, including— ‘‘(i) the identification and assessment of such vulnerabilities in the watershed; ‘‘(ii) the development and implementation of adaptation strategies to reduce such vulnerabilities; and ‘‘(iii) the identification and assessment of the effects of sea level rise on water quality, habitat, and infrastructure; and’’; (C) by striking paragraph (4) and inserting the following: ‘‘(4) develop and implement strategies to increase public education and awareness with respect to the ecological health and water quality conditions of Long Island Sound;’’; (D) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘study’’ after ‘‘conference’’; (E) in paragraph (6)— (i) by inserting ‘‘(including on a publicly accessible website)’’ after ‘‘the public’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘study’’ after ‘‘conference’’; and (F) by striking paragraph (7) and inserting the following: ‘‘(7) monitor the progress made toward meeting the identified goals, actions, and schedules of the Comprehensive Conservation and Management Plan, including through the implementation and support of a monitoring system for the ecological health and water quality conditions of Long Island Sound; and’’; (2) in subsection (d)(3), in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘50 per centum’’ and inserting ‘‘60 percent’’; (3) by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (h); and (4) by inserting after subsection (e) the following: ‘‘(f) REPORT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, and biennially thereafter, the Director of the Office, in consultation with the Governor of each Long Island Sound State, shall submit to Congress a report that— ‘‘(A) summarizes and assesses the progress made by the Office and the Long Island Sound States in implementing the Long Island Sound Comprehensive Conservation and Management Plan, including an assessment of the progress made toward meeting the performance goals and milestones contained in the Plan; ‘‘(B) assesses the key ecological attributes that reflect the health of the ecosystem of the Long Island Sound watershed; ‘‘(C) describes any substantive modifications to the Long Island Sound Comprehensive Conservation and Management Plan made during the 2year period preceding the date of submission of the report; ‘‘(D) provides specific recommendations to improve progress in restoring and protecting the Long Island Sound watershed, including, as appropriate, proposed modifications to the Long Island Sound Comprehensive Conservation and Management Plan; ‘‘(E) identifies priority actions for implementation of the Long Island Sound Comprehensive Conservation and Management Plan for the 2year period following the date of submission of the report; and ‘‘(F) describes the means by which Federal funding and actions will be coordinated with the actions of the Long Island Sound States and other entities. ‘‘(2) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Administrator shall make the report described in paragraph (1) available to the public, including on a publicly accessible website. ‘‘(g) FEDERAL ENTITIES .— ‘‘(1) COORDINATION .—The Administrator shall coordinate the actions of all Federal departments and agencies that affect water quality in the Long Island Sound watershed in order to improve the water quality and living resources of the watershed. ‘‘(2) METHODS .—In carrying out this section, the Administrator, acting through the Director of the Office, may— ‘‘(A) enter into interagency agreements; and ‘‘(B) make intergovernmental personnel appointments. ‘‘(4) CONSISTENCY WITH COMPREHENSIVE CON SERVATION AND MANAGEMENT PLAN .—To the maximum extent practicable, the head of each Federal department or agency that owns or occupies real property, or carries out activities, within the Long Island Sound watershed shall ensure that the property and all activities carried out by the department or agency are consistent with the Long Island Sound Comprehensive Conservation and Management Plan (including any related subsequent agreements and plans).’’. (b) LONGISLAND SOUND STEWARDSHIP PROGRAM .—Section 8(g) of the Long Island Sound Stewardship Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 1269 note; Public Law 109–359) is amended by striking ‘‘2011’’ and inserting ‘‘2021’’. (c) REAUTHORIZATION OF LONG ISLAND  SOUND PROGRAMS .— (1) LONG ISLAND SOUND GRANTS .—Sub section (h) of section 119 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1269) (as redesignated by subsection (a)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(h) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator to carry out this section $40,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (2) LONG ISLAND SOUND STEWARDSHIP  
GRANTS .—Section 11(a) of the Long Island Sound Stewardship Act of 2006 (33 U.S.C. 1269 note; Public Law 109–359) is amended by striking ‘‘2007 through 2011’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. 
SEC. 4105. AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR COLUMBIA RIVER BASIN RESTORATION. 
Section 123(d) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1275(d)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $30,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021.’’. SEC. 4106. SEWER OVERFLOW CONTROL GRANTS. 
Section 221 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1301) is amended— (1) by amending the section heading to read as follows: ‘‘
STORMWATER REUSE MUNICIPAL GRANTS ’’; (2) by amending subsection (a) to read as follows: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .— ‘‘(1) GRANTS TO STATES .—The Administrator may make grants to States for the purpose of providing grants to a municipality or municipal entity for planning, design, and construction of— ‘‘(A) treatment works to intercept, transport, control, treat, or reuse municipal combined sewer overflows, sanitary sewer overflows, or stormwater; and ‘‘(B) any other measures to manage, reduce, treat, or recapture stormwater or subsurface drainage water eligible for assistance under section 603(c). ‘‘(2) DIRECT MUNICIPAL GRANTS .—Subject to subsection (g), the Administrator may make a direct grant to a municipality or municipal entity for the purposes described in paragraph (1).’’; (3) by amending subsection (e) to read as follows: ‘‘(e) ADMINISTRATIVE REQUIREMENTS .—A project that receives assistance under this section shall be carried out subject to the same requirements as a project that receives assistance from a State water pollution control revolving fund under title VI, except to the extent that the Governor of the State in which the project is located determines that a requirement of title VI is inconsistent with the purposes of this section. For the purposes of this subsection, a Governor may not determine that the requirements of title VI relating to the application of section 513 are inconsistent with the purposes of this section.’’; (4) by amending subsection (f) to read as follows: ‘‘(f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $225,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2020. ‘‘(2) MINIMUM ALLOCATIONS .—To the extent there are sufficient eligible project applications, the Administrator shall ensure that a State uses not less than 20 percent of the amount of the grants made to the State under subsection (a) in a fiscal year to carry out projects to intercept, transport, control, treat, or reuse municipal combined sewer overflows, sanitary sewer overflows, or stormwater through the use of green infrastructure, water and energy efficiency improvements, and other environmentally innovative activities.’’; and (5) by amending subsection (g) to read as follows: ‘‘(g) ALLOCATION OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) FISCAL YEAR 2019 .—Subject to subsection (h), the Administrator shall use the amounts appropriated to carry out this section for fiscal year 2019 for making grants to municipalities and municipal entities under subsection (a)(2) in accordance with the criteria set forth in subsection (b). ‘‘(2) FISCAL YEAR 2020 AND THEREAFTER .— Subject to subsection (h), the Administrator shall use the amounts appropriated to carry out this section for fiscal year 2020 and each fiscal year thereafter for making grants to States under subsection (a)(1) in accordance with a formula to be established by the Administrator, after providing notice and an opportunity for public comment, that allocates to each State a proportional share of such amounts based on the total needs of the 
State for municipal combined sewer overflow controls, sanitary sewer overflow controls, and stormwater identified in the most recent detailed estimate and comprehensive study submitted pursuant to section 516 and any other information the Administrator considers appropriate.’’. 
SEC. 4107. ASSISTANCE FOR INDIVIDUAL HOUSEHOLD DECENTRALIZED WASTEWATER SYSTEMS OF INDIVIDUALS WITH LOW OR MODERATE INCOME. 
(a) P ROJECTS AND ACTIVITIES ELIGIBLE FOR  ASSISTANCE .—Section 603 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1383) is amended— (1) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of paragraph (10); (B) by striking ‘‘Act.’’ at the end of paragraph (11) and inserting ‘‘Act; and’’; and (C) by inserting after paragraph (11) the following: ‘‘(12) to any qualified nonprofit entity, as determined by the Administrator, to provide assistance to an eligible individual (as defined in subsection (j))— ‘‘(A) for the repair or replacement of existing individual household decentralized wastewater treatment systems; or ‘‘(B) in a case in which an eligible individual resides in a household that could be costeffectively connected to an available publicly owned treatment works, for the connection of the applicable household to such treatment works.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(j) DEFINITION OF ELIGIBLE INDIVIDUAL .— In subsection (c)(12), the term ‘eligible individual’ means a member of a household, the members of which have a combined income (for the most recent 12month period for which information is available) equal to not more than 50 percent of the median nonmetropolitan household income for the State in which the household is located, according to the most recent decennial census.’’. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this section, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works of the Senate and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure of the House of Representatives a report describing— (1) the prevalence throughout the United States of low and moderateincome households without access to a treatment works; and (2) the use by States of assistance under section 603(c)(12) of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act. Subtitle B—WIFIA Reauthorization and Innovative Financing for State Loan Funds 
SEC. 4201. WIFIA REAUTHORIZATION AND INNOVATIVE FINANCING FOR STATE LOAN FUNDS. 
(a) WIFIA R EAUTHORIZATION .— (1) AUTHORITY TO PROVIDE ASSISTANCE .— Section 5023 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3902) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘pilot’’ each place it appears; and (B) in subsection (b)(1), by inserting ‘‘provide financial assistance to’’ before ‘‘carry out’’. (2) DETERMINATION OF ELIGIBILITY AND  
PROJECT SELECTION .—Section 5028(a)(1)(E) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3907(a)(1)(E)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(E) SPECIAL RULE FOR CERTAIN COMBINED  
PROJECTS .—The Administrator shall develop a credit evaluation process for a Federal credit instrument provided to— ‘‘(i) a State infrastructure financing authority for a project under section 5026(9), which may include requiring the provision of a final rating opinion letter from at least 1 rating agency; or ‘‘(ii) an entity for a project under section 5026(10), which may include requiring the provision of a final rating opinion letter from at least 2 rating agencies.’’. (3) REPAYMENTS .—Section 5029(c)(2)(B) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3908(c)(2)(B)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘Scheduled’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(i) TIMING OF SCHEDULED LOAN REPAY MENTS .—Scheduled’’; and (B) by adding at the end: ‘‘(ii) REPAYMENTS .—None of the funds for repayment of a secured loan under this title from a State infrastructure financing authority may come from funds provided to a State revolving loan fund under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.) or section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12).’’. (4) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 5033 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3912) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)— (i) by redesignating paragraphs (1) through (5) as subparagraphs (A) through (E), respectively, and indenting appropriately; (ii) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A) (as so redesignated), by striking ‘‘There is’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) FISCAL YEARS 2015 THROUGH 2019 .—There are’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) FISCAL YEARS 2020 AND 2021 .—There is authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator to carry out this subtitle $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021, to remain available until expended.’’; and (B) in subsection (b)— (i) by striking ‘‘Of the funds’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) FISCAL YEARS 2015 THROUGH 2019 .—Of the funds’’; and (ii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) FISCAL YEARS 2020 AND 2021 .—Of the funds made available to carry out this subtitle, the Administrator may use for the administration of this subtitle, including for the provision of technical assistance to aid project sponsors in obtaining the necessary approvals for the project, not more than $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021.’’. (b) INNOVATIVE FINANCING FOR STATE LOAN FUNDS .— (1) MAXIMUM FEDERAL INVOLVEMENT .—Sec tion 5029(b)(9) of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3908(b)(9)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) EXCEPTION FOR PROJECTS FUNDED BY A  
STATE INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCING AUTHOR ITY.—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), a State infrastructure financing authority may finance up to 100 percent of the costs of a project using the proceeds of financial assistance authorized under section 5033(e), provided that, in the event of a default with respect to any such assistance, the State infrastructure financing authority is solely responsible for immediate repayment of such costs.’’. (2) PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION .—Section 5030 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3909) is amended— (A) in subsection (b), by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) PROHIBITION ON PASS THROUGH FEES .— The Administrator, in the case where a State infrastructure financing authority obtains financial assistance under section 5033(e), shall require as a condition of obtaining such assistance, that the State infrastructure financing authority is prohibited from passing any portion of the fees required under section 5029(b)(7) to any party that utilizes any portion of such assistance for a project funded by such authority.’’; and (B) by redesignating subsection (e) as subsection (h) and inserting after subsection (d) the following: ‘‘(e) SPECIAL RULE FOR STATE REVIEWS OF  PROJECTS FOR STATE INFRASTRUCTURE FINANCING AUTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—A project described in section 5026(9) for which funding is provided under this title shall comply with any applicable State environmental or engineering review requirements pursuant to, as applicable— ‘‘(A) title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act (33 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.); and ‘‘(B) section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act (42 U.S.C. 300j–12). ‘‘(2) NO NEW REVIEWS REQUIRED .—Nothing in this title requires any additional or new environmental or engineering review for a project described in section 5026(9) for which funding is provided, other than any requirement otherwise applicable to the project. ‘‘(f) SPECIAL RULE FOR EXPEDITED REVIEW  
OFAPPLICATIONS FROM STATE INFRASTRUC TURE FINANCING AUTHORITIES .—Not later than 180 days after the date on which the Administrator receives a complete application from a State infrastructure financing authority for a project under section 5026(9), the Administrator shall, through a written notice to the State infrastructure financing authority— ‘‘(1) approve the application; or ‘‘(2) provide detailed guidance and an explanation of any changes to the application necessary for approval of the application.’’. (3) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 5033 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3912) is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) ASSISTANCE FOR STATE INFRASTRUC TURE FINANCING AUTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—With respect to fiscal years 2020 and 2021, if the Administrator has available for obligation in a fiscal year at least $50,000,000, there is authorized to be appropriated to the Administrator $5,000,000 for that fiscal year to provide financial assistance for projects described in section 5026(9) to State infrastructure financing authorities. ‘‘(2) NO IMPACT ON OTHER FEDERAL FUND ING.—No funds shall be made available in a fiscal year to the Administrator for purposes of this subsection if— ‘‘(A) the total amount appropriated for the fiscal year for State loan funds under section 1452 of the Safe Drinking Water Act is less than either the amount made available for such purpose in fiscal year 2018, or 105 percent of the previous fiscal year’s appropriation for such purpose, whichever is greater; and ‘‘(B) the total amount appropriated for the fiscal year for water pollution control revolving funds under title VI of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act is less than either the amount made available for such purpose for fiscal year 2018, or 105 percent of the previous fiscal year’s appropriation for such purpose, whichever is greater. ‘‘(3) INCLUSION IN AGREEMENT .—If the Administrator provides financial assistance to a State infrastructure financing authority under section 5029 using funds made available pursuant to this subsection, the Administrator shall specify in the agreement under such section the amount of such assistance that is attributable to such funds.’’. (c) ADMINISTRATION OF WIFIA P ROGRAM .— Section 5030 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3909), 
as amended by subsection (b), is further amended by inserting after subsection (f) the following: ‘‘(g) AGREEMENTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraphs (3) and (4), the Administrator may enter into an agreement with another relevant Federal agency to provide assistance in administering and servicing Federal credit instruments that such agency is authorized to make available. ‘‘(2) DUTIES .—The Administrator may act as an agent for the head of another Federal agency under paragraph (1), subject to the terms of any agreement entered into by the Administrator and the head of such other agency under such clause. ‘‘(3) TRANSFER OF FUNDS .—The authority of the Administrator to provide assistance under paragraph (1) is subject to— ‘‘(A) the availability of funds appropriated to the other Federal agency that may be transferred to the Administrator to carry out an agreement entered into under paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) the transfer of such funds to the Administrator to carry out such an agreement. ‘‘(4) LIMITATION .—Nothing in this subsection affects the authority of the Administrator with respect to the selection of projects described in paragraphs (1), (8), or (10) of section 5026 to receive financial assistance under this subtitle.’’. (d) REPORTS ON PILOT PROGRAM IMPLEMEN TATION .—Section 5034 of the Water Resources Reform and Development Act of 2014 (33 U.S.C. 3913) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
PILOT ’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(1), by striking ‘‘4 years after the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘3 years after the date of enactment of the Water Resources Development Act of 2018’’. Subtitle C—Miscellaneous 
Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency and the Commissioner of Reclamation shall enter into an agreement under section 5030(g) of the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (as added by this Act). 
SEC. 4302. SNAKE RIVER BASIN FLOOD PREVENTION ACTION PLAN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—As soon as practicable after the date of enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of Reclamation, in consultation with the Secretary of the Army, shall develop a flood prevention action plan for each State or portion of a State within the Snake River Basin. (b) REQUIREMENTS .—A flood prevention action plan developed under subsection (a) shall— (1) focus on the areas most likely to experience flooding within the 2 years following the date of enactment of this Act; (2) include steps to manage and reduce flood risks within the Snake River Basin; and (3) include a description of the actions the Secretary and the Commissioner of Reclamation plan to take to improve coordination with local stakeholders to help manage and reduce flood risks in the areas described in paragraph (1). (c) SUBMISSION .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, after coordinating with local stakeholders, the Commissioner of Reclamation shall submit to the Committee on Environment and Public Works and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, and the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives, the flood prevention plans developed under subsection (a). SEC. 4303. GAO AUDIT OF CONTRACTS AND TAINTER GATE REPAIRS OF HARLAN COUNTY DAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— (1) conduct an audit of the extraordinary maintenance repayment contracts No. 16XX630077 and No. 16XX630076 between the United States and the Bostwick Division for repairs to the Tainter gates and other features at Harlan County Dam, including— (A) an examination of whether— (i) the Corps of Engineers should have designated the Tainter gate rehabilitation as a ‘‘Dam Safety Modification’’, subject to the costsharing requirements under section 1203 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 (33 U.S.C. 467n), instead of an ‘‘extraordinary maintenance project’’; and (ii) a more appropriate cost share should have applied to the Bostwick Division; (B) a review of— (i) the amounts owed by the Bostwick Division to the Bureau of Reclamation; and (ii) any reimbursements owed by the Corps of Engineers to the Bureau of Reclamation based on the actual costs of the project after completion; and (C) a review of project designations and costshare policies of the Bureau of Reclamation and other Federal agencies for similar spillway gate repairs; and (2) submit to Congress a report on the results of the audit under paragraph (1). (b) TREATMENT OF PAYMENTS .—Payments made after the date of enactment of this Act by the Bostwick Division to the Bureau of Reclamation under the contracts described in subsection (a)(1) shall be— (1) deposited into a noyear account; and (2) disbursed to the Bureau of Reclamation upon submission of the report under subsection (a)(2). 
(a) S ENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) water and wastewater utilities provide a unique opportunity for access to stable, highquality careers; (2) as water and wastewater utilities make critical investments in infrastructure, water and wastewater utilities can invest in the development of local workers and local small businesses to strengthen communities and ensure a strong pipeline of skilled and diverse workers for today and tomorrow; and (3) to further the goal of ensuring a strong pipeline of skilled and diverse workers in the water and wastewater utilities sector, Congress urges— (A) increased collaboration among Federal, State, and local governments; and (B) institutions of higher education, apprentice programs, high schools, and other communitybased organizations to align workforce training programs and community resources with water and wastewater utilities to accelerate career pipelines and provide access to workforce opportunities. (b) INNOVATIVE WATER INFRASTRUCTURE  WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT PROGRAM .— (1) GRANTS AUTHORIZED .—The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’), in consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture, shall establish a competitive grant program— (A) to assist the development and utilization of innovative activities relating to workforce development and career opportunities in the water utility sector; and (B) to expand public awareness about water utilities and connect individuals to careers in the water utility sector. (2) SELECTION OF GRANT RECIPIENTS .—In awarding grants under paragraph (1), the Administrator shall, to the extent practicable, select nonprofit professional or service organizations, labor organizations, community colleges, institutions of higher education, or other training and educational institutions— (A) that have qualifications and experience— (i) in the development of training programs and curricula relevant to workforce needs of water utilities; (ii) working in cooperation with water utilities; or (iii) developing public education materials appropriate for communicating with groups of different ages and educational backgrounds; and (B) that will address the human resources and workforce needs of water utilities that— (i) are geographically diverse; (ii) are of varying sizes; and (iii) serve urban, suburban, and rural populations. (3) USE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded under paragraph (1) may be used for activities such as— (A) targeted internship, apprenticeship, preapprenticeship, and postsecondary bridge programs for skilled water utility trades that provide— (i) onthejob training; (ii) skills development; (iii) test preparation for skilled trade apprenticeships; (iv) advance training in the water utility sector relating to construction, utility operations, treatment and distribution, green infrastructure, customer service, maintenance, and engineering; or (v) other support services to facilitate postsecondary success; (B) education programs designed for elementary, secondary, and higher education students that— (i) inform people about the role of water and wastewater utilities in their communities; (ii) increase the awareness of career opportunities and exposure of students to water utility careers through various workbased learning opportunities inside and outside the classroom; and (iii) connect students to career pathways related to water utilities; (C) regional industry and workforce development collaborations to address water utility employment needs and coordinate candidate development, particularly in areas of high unemployment or for water utilities with a high proportion of retirement eligible employees; (D) integrated learning laboratories in secondary educational institutions that provide students with— (i) handson, contextualized learning opportunities; (ii) dual enrollment credit for postsecondary education and training programs; and (iii) direct connection to industry employers; and (E) leadership development, occupational training, mentoring, or crosstraining programs that ensure that incumbent water and waste water utilities workers are prepared for higher level supervisory or management level positions. (4) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this subsection $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020. 
SEC. 4305. REGIONAL LIAISONS FOR MINORITY, TRIBAL, AND LOWINCOME COMMUNITIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Administrator’’) shall assign at least 1 employee in each regional office of the Environmental Protection Agency to serve as a liaison to minority, Tribal, and lowincome communities in the relevant region. (b) PUBLIC IDENTIFICATION .—The Administrator shall identify each regional liaison assigned under subsection (a) on the internet website of— (1) the relevant regional office of the Environmental Protection Agency; and (2) the Office of Environmental Justice of the Environmental Protection Agency. 
(a) W ATER SENSE .—The Energy Policy and Conservation Act (42 U.S.C. 6201 et seq.) is amended by adding after section 324A the following: 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF WATER SENSE PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—There is established within the Environmental Protection Agency a voluntary program, to be known as the WaterSense program, to identify and promote waterefficient products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services in order to, through voluntary labeling of, or other forms of communications regarding, such products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services while meeting strict performance criteria, sensibly— ‘‘(A) reduce water use; ‘‘(B) reduce the strain on public water systems, community water systems, and wastewater and stormwater infrastructure; ‘‘(C) conserve energy used to pump, heat, transport, and treat water; and ‘‘(D) preserve water resources for future generations. ‘‘(2) INCLUSIONS .—Categories of products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services that may be included under the program include— ‘‘(A) irrigation technologies and services; ‘‘(B) pointofuse water treatment devices; ‘‘(C) plumbing products; ‘‘(D) water reuse and recycling technologies; ‘‘(E) landscaping and gardening products, including moisture control or water enhancing technologies; ‘‘(F) xeriscaping and other landscape conversions that reduce water use; ‘‘(G) whole house humidifiers; and ‘‘(H) waterefficient buildings or facilities. ‘‘(b) DUTIES .—The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency, in coordination with the Secretary of Energy as appropriate, shall— ‘‘(1) establish— ‘‘(A) a WaterSense label to be used for products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services meeting the certification criteria established pursuant to this section; and ‘‘(B) the procedure, including the methods and means, and criteria by which products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services may be certified to display the WaterSense label; ‘‘(2) enhance public awareness regarding the WaterSense label through outreach and public education; ‘‘(3) preserve the integrity of the WaterSense label by— ‘‘(A) establishing and maintaining feasible performance criteria so that products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services certified to display the WaterSense label perform as well or better than less waterefficient counterparts; ‘‘(B) overseeing WaterSense certifications made by third parties, which shall be independent thirdparty product certification bodies accredited by an accreditation entity domiciled in the United States; ‘‘(C) using testing protocols, from the appropriate, applicable, and relevant consensus standards, for the purpose of determining compliance with performance criteria; and ‘‘(D) auditing the use of the WaterSense label in the marketplace and preventing cases of misuse; ‘‘(4) not more frequently than every 6 years after adoption or major revision of any WaterSense performance criteria, review and, if appropriate, revise the performance criteria to achieve additional water savings; ‘‘(5) in revising any WaterSense criteria— ‘‘(A) provide reasonable notice to interested parties and the public of any changes, including effective dates, and an explanation of the changes; ‘‘(B) solicit comments from interested parties and the public prior to any changes; ‘‘(C) as appropriate, respond to comments submitted by interested parties and the public; and ‘‘(D) provide an appropriate transition time prior to the applicable effective date of any changes, taking into account the timing necessary for the manufacture, marketing, training, and distribution of the specific product, building, landscape, process, or service category being addressed; and ‘‘(6) not later than December 31, 2019, consider for review and revise, if necessary, any WaterSense performance criteria adopted before January 1, 2012. ‘‘(c) TRANSPARENCY .—The Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall, to the extent practicable and not less than annually, estimate and make available to the public the relative water and energy savings attributable to the use of WaterSense labeled products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, and services. ‘‘(d) DISTINCTION OF AUTHORITIES .—In set ting or maintaining specifications and criteria for Energy Star pursuant to section 324A, and WaterSense under this section, the Secretary of Energy and the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall coordinate to prevent duplicative or conflicting requirements among the respective programs. ‘‘(e) NOWARRANTY .—A WaterSense label shall not create any express or implied warranty. ‘‘(f) METHODS FOR ESTABLISHING PERFORM ANCE CRITERIA .—In establishing performance criteria for products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, or services pursuant to this section, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency shall use technical specifications and testing protocols established by voluntary consensus standards organizations relevant to specific products, buildings, landscapes, facilities, processes, or services, as appropriate. ‘‘(g) DEFINITION OF FEASIBLE .—The term ‘feasible’ means feasible with the use of the best technology, techniques, and other means that the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency finds, after examination for efficacy under field conditions and not solely under laboratory conditions, are available (taking cost into consideration).’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy and Conservation Act is amended by adding after the item relating to section 324A the following: ‘‘Sec. 324B. WaterSense program.’’. 
Section 1 of the Act of March 2, 1931 (46 Stat. 1468, chapter 370; 7 U.S.C. 8351) is amended— (1) in the second sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) ADMINISTRATION .—The Secretary’’; (2) in the first sentence, by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) ACTION BY FWS.—The Director of the United States Fish and Wildlife Service shall use the most expeditious procedure practicable to process and administer permits for take of— ‘‘(1) a depredating eagle under the Act of June 8, 1940 (commonly known as the ‘Bald Eagle Protection Act’) (54 Stat. 250, chapter 278; 16 U.S.C. 668 et seq.), or sections 22.11 through 22.32of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations) (including depredation of livestock, wildlife, and species protected under the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.) or any other Federal management program); or ‘‘(2) a migratory bird included on the list under section 10.13 of title 50, Code of Federal Regulations (or successor regulations) that is posing a conflict.’’. 
(a) A DDRESSING WATER MANAGEMENT AND  POWER COSTS FOR IRRIGATION .—The Klamath Basin Water Supply Enhancement Act of 2000 (Public Law 106–498; 114 Stat. 2221) is amended— (1) by redesignating sections 4 through 6 as sections 5 through 7, respectively; and (2) by inserting after section 3 the following: 
‘‘(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) COVERED POWER USE .—The term ‘covered power use’ means a use of power to develop or manage water from any source for irrigation, wildlife purposes, or drainage on land that is— ‘‘(A) associated with the Klamath Project, including land within a unit of the National Wildlife Refuge System that receives water due to the operation of Klamath Project facilities; or ‘‘(B) irrigated by the class of users covered by the agreement dated April 30, 1956, between the California Oregon Power Company and Klamath Basin Water Users Protective Association and within the Off Project Area (as defined in the Upper Basin Comprehensive Agreement entered into on April 18, 2014), only if each applicable owner and holder of a possessory interest of the land is a party to that agreement (or a successor agreement that the Secretary determines provides a comparable benefit to the United States). ‘‘(2) KLAMATH PROJECT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘Klamath Project’ means the Bureau of Reclamation project in the States of California and Oregon. ‘‘(B) INCLUSIONS .—The term ‘Klamath Project’ includes any dam, canal, or other works or interests for water diversion, storage, delivery, and drainage, flood control, or any similar function that is part of the project described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(3) POWER COST BENCHMARK .—The term ‘power cost benchmark’ means the average net delivered cost of power for irrigation and drainage at Reclamation projects in the area surrounding the Klamath Project that are similarly situated to the Klamath Project, including Reclamation projects that— ‘‘(A) are located in the Pacific Northwest; and ‘‘(B) receive projectuse power. ‘‘(b) WATER ACTIVITIES AND DROUGHT RESPONSE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Pursuant to the reclamation laws and subject to appropriations and 
required environmental reviews, the Secretary may carry out activities, including entering into a contract or making financial assistance available through cooperative agreements or other methods— ‘‘(A) to plan, implement, and administer programs to align water supplies and demand for irrigation water users associated with the Klamath Project, with a primary emphasis on programs developed or endorsed by local entities comprised of representatives of those water users; ‘‘(B) Expenditures under this paragraph shall not exceed $10 million on an average annual basis. ‘‘(2) 2018 
DROUGHT RESPONSE .—All disbursements made or to be made based on actions approved by the Secretary under Contract Numbers 18WC205322 and 18WC205323 are authorized. ‘‘(3) REQUIREMENTS .—The Secretary shall ensure that the activities under this subsection— ‘‘(A) do not foster groundwater use that results in groundwater level declines that, based on existing data from the United States Geological Survey, are more than appropriate in a critically dry year, taking into consideration the longterm sustainability of aquifers; ‘‘(B) do not adversely affect compliance with applicable laws protecting fishery resources in Upper Klamath Lake and the Klamath River. ‘‘(4) CONVEYANCE OF NON PROJECT WATER .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraphs (B) and (C), any entity operating under a contract entered into with the United States for the operation and maintenance of any Klamath Project works or facility, and any entity operating any works or facility not owned by the United States that receives Klamath Project water, may use, without any additional Federal contract, permit, or other authorization, any Klamath Project works or facility to convey non Klamath Project water for any authorized purpose of the Klamath Project. ‘‘(B) PERMITS ; MEASUREMENT .—A use of water pursuant to subparagraph (A) (including an addition or conveyance of water) shall be subject to the requirements that— ‘‘(i) the applicable entity shall secure all permits required under State or local law; and ‘‘(ii) as applicable— ‘‘(I) all water delivered into and taken out of a Klamath Project works or facility pursuant to that subparagraph shall be measured; and ‘‘(II) any irrigation district conveying water shall ensure that only the land authorized to receive water under applicable State law shall receive, and put to beneficial use, the water, in accordance with the applicable State law and any associated terms and conditions. ‘‘(C) LIMITATION .—A use of nonKlamath Project water under this paragraph shall not— ‘‘(i) adversely affect the delivery of water to any water user or land served by the Klamath Project; or ‘‘(ii) result in any additional cost to the United States. ‘‘(4) EFFECT OF SUBSECTION .—Nothing in this subsection authorizes the Secretary— ‘‘(A) to develop or construct new facilities for the Klamath Project without appropriate approval from Congress under section 9 of the Reclamation Projects Act of 1939 (43 U.S.C. 485h); or ‘‘(B) to carry out activities that have not otherwise been authorized. ‘‘(c) REDUCING POWER COSTS.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018, the Secretary, in consultation with interested irrigation interests that are eligible for covered power use and organizations representative of those interests, shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives a report that— ‘‘(A) identifies the power cost benchmark; and ‘‘(B) recommends actions (other than direct payments to persons making covered power uses or to other entities for the purposes of subsidizing power rates) that, in the judgment of the Secretary, are necessary and appropriate to ensure that the net delivered power cost for covered power use is equal to or less than the power cost benchmark, including a description of— ‘‘(i) actions— ‘‘(I) to immediately reduce power costs; and ‘‘(II) to ensure that the net delivered power cost for covered power use is equal to, or less than, the power cost benchmark in the near term, while longerterm actions are being implemented; ‘‘(ii) actions that prioritize— ‘‘(I) water and power conservation and efficiency measures that could assist in achieving the power cost benchmark; ‘‘(II) to the extent actions involving the development or acquisition of power generation are included, renewable energy technologies (including hydropower); and ‘‘(III) regional economic development; ‘‘(iii) the potential costs and timeline for the actions recommended under this subparagraph; ‘‘(iv) provisions for modifying the actions and timeline to adapt to new information or circumstances; and ‘‘(v) a description of public input regarding the proposed actions, including— ‘‘(I) input from water users that have covered power use; and ‘‘(II) the degree to which those water users concur with the recommendations.’’. (b) EFFECT .—None of the amendments made by this section— (1) modify any authority or obligation of the United States with respect to any tribal trust or treaty obligation of the United States; (2) create or determine any water right or affects any water right or water right claim in existence on the date of enactment of this Act; or (3) authorize the use of Federal funds for the physical deconstruction of the Iron Gate, Copco 1, Copco 2, or John C. Boyle Dam located on the Klamath River in the States of California and Oregon. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law (including regulations), effective beginning on the date of enactment of this section, the Federal share of the operations and maintenance costs of a dike described in subsection (b) shall be 100 percent. (b) DESCRIPTION OF DIKES.—A dike referred to in subsection (a) is a dike— (1) that is owned by the Bureau of Reclamation on the date of enactment of this section; (2) the construction of which was completed not later than December 31, 1945; (3) a corrective action study for which was completed not later than December 31, 2015; and (4) the construction of which was authorized by the Act of June 28, 1938 (52 Stat. 1215, chapter 795). SEC. 4310. AUTHORITY TO MAKE ENTIRE ACTIVE CAPACITY OF FONTENELLE RESERVOIR AVAILABLE FOR USE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’), in cooperation with the State of Wyoming, may amend the Definite Plan Report for the Seedskadee Project authorized under the first section of the Act of April 11, 1956 (commonly known as the ‘‘Colorado River Storage Project Act’’) (43 U.S.C. 620), to provide for the study, design, planning, and construction activities that will enable the use of all active storage capacity (as may be defined or limited by legal, hydrologic, structural, engineering, economic, and environmental considerations) of Fontenelle Dam and Reservoir, including the placement of sufficient riprap on the upstream face of Fontenelle Dam to allow the active storage capacity of Fontenelle Reservoir to be used for those purposes for which the Seedskadee Project was authorized. (b) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into any contract, grant, cooperative agreement, or other agreement that is necessary to carry out subsection (a). (2) STATE OF WYOMING .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall enter into a cooperative agreement with the State of Wyoming to work in cooperation and collaboratively with the State of Wyoming for planning, design, related preconstruction activities, and construction of any modification of the Fontenelle Dam under subsection (a). (B) REQUIREMENTS .—The cooperative agreement under subparagraph (A) shall, at a minimum, specify the responsibilities of the Secretary and the State of Wyoming with respect to— (i) completing the planning and final design of the modification of the Fontenelle Dam under subsection (a); (ii) any environmental and cultural resource compliance activities required for the modification of the Fontenelle Dam under subsection (a) including compliance with— (I) the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.); (II) the Endangered Species Act of 1973 (16 U.S.C. 1531 et seq.); and (III) subdivision 2 of division A of subtitle III of title 54, United States Code; and (iii) the construction of the modification of the Fontenelle Dam under subsection (a). (c) FUNDING BY STATE OF WYOMING .—Pursu ant to the Act of March 4, 1921 (41 Stat. 1404, chapter 161; 43 U.S.C. 395), and as a condition of providing any additional storage under subsection (a), the State of Wyoming shall provide to the Secretary funds for any work carried out under subsection (a). (d) OTHER CONTRACTING AUTHORITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may enter into contracts with the State of Wyoming, on such terms and conditions as the Secretary and the State of Wyoming may agree, for division of any additional active capacity made available under subsection (a). (2) TERMS AND CONDITIONS .—Unless otherwise agreed to by the Secretary and the State of Wyoming, a contract entered into under paragraph (1) shall be subject to the terms and conditions of Bureau of Reclamation Contract No. 14–06–400–2474 and Bureau of Reclamation Contract No. 14–06–400–6193. (e) SAVINGS PROVISIONS .—Unless expressly provided in this section, nothing in this section modifies, conflicts with, preempts, or otherwise affects— (1) the Boulder Canyon Project Act (43 U.S.C. 617 et seq.); (2) the Colorado River Compact of 1922, as approved by the Presidential Proclamation of June 25, 1929 (46 Stat. 3000); 
(3) the Boulder Canyon Project Adjustment Act (43 U.S.C. 618 et seq.); (4) the Treaty between the United States of America and Mexico relating to the utilization of waters of the Colorado and Tijuana Rivers and of the Rio Grande, and supplementary protocol signed November 14, 1944, signed at Washington February 3, 1944 (59 Stat. 1219); (5) the Upper Colorado River Basin Compact as consented to by the Act of April 6, 1949 (63 Stat. 31); (6) the Act of April 11, 1956 (commonly known as the ‘‘Colorado River Storage Project Act’’) (43 U.S.C. 620 et seq.); (7) the Colorado River Basin Project Act (Public Law 90–537; 82 Stat. 885); or (8) any State of Wyoming or other State water law. 
(a) B LACKFEET SETTLEMENT TRUST FUND.— Section 3716(e) of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (130 Stat. 1835) is amended— (1) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘appropriations,’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘appropriations, the following amounts shall be made available to the Tribe for implementation of this subtitle: ‘‘(A) 50 percent of the amounts in the Administration and Energy Account. ‘‘(B) 50 percent of the amounts in the OM&R Account. ‘‘(C) 50 percent of the amounts in the St. Mary Account. ‘‘(D) 50 percent of the amounts in the Blackfeet Water, Storage, and Development Projects Account.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) AVAILABILITY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), none of the funds deposited in the Trust Fund in fiscal year 2018 shall be available for expenditure in accordance with this subsection until the enforceability date. ‘‘(B) EXCEPTION .—Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), of the funds in the Administration and Energy Account, $4,800,000 shall be available to the Tribe for the implementation of this subtitle.’’. (b) BLACKFEET WATER SETTLEMENT IMPLE MENTATION FUND.—Section 3717(e) of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (130 Stat. 1837) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Amounts in’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Amounts in’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) FUNDING FOR IMPLEMENTATION ACTIVI TIES.—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), the following amounts shall be available to the Secretary for the implementation of this subtitle: ‘‘(A) 50 percent of the amounts in the MR&I System, Irrigation, and Water Storage Account to carry out section 3711. ‘‘(B) 50 percent of the amounts in the MR&I System, Irrigation, and Water Storage Account to carry out section 3712. ‘‘(C) 50 percent of the amounts in the Blackfeet Irrigation Project Deferred Maintenance and Four Horns Dam Safety Improvements Account to carry out section 3710(c). ‘‘(D) The amounts in the Blackfeet Irrigation Project Deferred Maintenance and Four Horns Dam Safety Improvements Account to carry out section 3710(d). ‘‘(E) From the St. Mary/Water Milk Management and Activities Account: ‘‘(i) 50 percent of the amount described in section 3707(g)(1) to carry out section 3707(c). ‘‘(ii) 50 percent of the amount described in section 3707(g)(2) to carry out section 3707(d). ‘‘(iii) The amount described in section 3707(g)(3) to carry out subsection (f). ‘‘(iv) The amounts in the Account to carry out section 3705. ‘‘(3) AVAILABILITY .—None of the funds made available under this section in fiscal year 2018 shall be available until the enforceability date.’’. (c) TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS .—Section 3720 of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (130 Stat. 1839) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3)(B), by striking ‘‘section 3706’’ and inserting ‘‘section 6’’; and (2) in subsection (h), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘January 21, 2026’’ and inserting ‘‘January 21, 2025’’. 
(a) D EPOSITS TO FUNDS .—Section 3212(a) of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (130 Stat. 1750) is amended by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2028’’. (b) EXPENDITURES FROM FUND.—Section 3213(a) of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (130 Stat. 1750) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2028’’. (c) TERMINATION .—Section 3216 of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (130 Stat. 1750) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2028’’. 
SEC. 4313. REAUTHORIZATION OF REPAIR, REPLACEMENT, AND MAINTENANCE OF CERTAIN INDIAN IRRIGATION PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3221(b) of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (130 Stat. 1751) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2028’’. (b) STATUS REPORT ON CERTAIN PROJECTS .— Section 3224(d) of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (130 Stat. 1753) is amended in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘fiscal year 2028’’. (c) ALLOCATION AMONG PROJECTS .—Section 3226 of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (130 Stat. 1753) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2028’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘the day before the date of enactment of this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘the day before the date of enactment of America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018’’. 
Section 3101 of the Water Infrastructure Improvements for the Nation Act (25 U.S.C. 3805) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2023’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2030’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(F), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2030’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(F), in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘September 30, 2023’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2030’’; and (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘4 years’’ and inserting ‘‘11 years’’; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017, 2018, and 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2017 through 2026’’. SEC. 4315. DIANA E. MURPHY UNITED STATES COURTHOUSE. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The United States courthouse located at 300 South Fourth Street in Minneapolis, Minnesota, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Diana E. Murphy United States Courthouse’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the United States courthouse referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Diana E. Murphy United States Courthouse’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) and the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. DEFAZIO) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of S. 3021, the America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018. This bill is good for our infrastructure, good for jobs, and good for America. It is a bipartisan, bicameral comprehensive bill that delivers on a promise to regularly address water resources and infrastructure issues across the Nation. Title I of this act is the Water Resources Development Act of 2018, or WRDA. I want to remind my colleagues that we overwhelmingly passed WRDA in June by a vote of 408–2. WRDA invests in the ports, locks, and dams, inland waterways, flood protection, and other infrastructure that makes America more competitive and protects our communities. It also builds upon reforms to the Army Corps of Engineers to help improve project delivery. This bill is fiscally responsible and fully offset. It cuts red tape, and it maintains congressional authority and oversight of Federal investment. I want to thank Ranking Member DEFAZIO for working together on the WRDA title. However, today’s bill includes more than just WRDA, and I also want to thank the Energy and Commerce Committee, the Natural Resources Committee, and our Senate counterparts for helping put this package together. I am proud to say today’s legislation continues a 2year cycle of regular order for Congress considering these essential WRDA bills. This has been one of my top priorities since I became chairman over 6 years ago. b1315 We need to pass this bill, continue providing direction to the Corps, and ensure all of these infrastructure improvements move forward. This is simply good public policy, and it is good for our Nation. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to support this jobs and infrastructure bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. 
JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT TOACCOM PANY S. 3021, A MERICA ’SWATER INFRA STRUCTURE ACT OF 2018 The America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 will create jobs, grow the economy, promote fiscal responsibility, and protect lives, property, and the environment. America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018 supports our nation’s economic competitiveness by increasing water storage, providing protection from dangerous floodwaters, deepening nationally significant ports, and maintaining the navigability of inland waterways across the country. The legislation will also repair aging drinking water, wastewater and irrigation systems. It also promotes hydropower development and increases Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC) transparency. Title I of this bill, the Water Resources Development Act (WRDA) of 2018, promotes the Federal commitment to our nation’s competitiveness, prosperity, and economic growth by maintaining a strong transportation infrastructure, ensuring the efficient flow of domestic and international commerce, and protecting the lives and livelihoods of the American people in a sustainable and environmentally conscientious manner. In WRDA, Congress authorizes projects encompassing the key missions of the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers (Corps), including developing, maintaining, and supporting the nation’s economically vital waterway infrastructure, supporting effective and targeted flood protection and environmental restoration needs while strengthening national security. Through WRDA, Congress exercises its oversight authority to make policy reforms that promote efficient, effective, and transparent project development and implementation. This legislation promotes innovation and stronger stakeholder partnerships that will improve water infrastructure development. Since 2014, Congress has resumed the regular consideration of WRDAs, and WRDA 2018 continues the WRDA twoyear cycle that provides appropriate oversight of and policy direction to the Administration and the Corps. The transformative nature of the last two WRDA bills has provided the Corps and the nonFederal sponsors with new opportunities to advance projects more quickly. As these new authorities and processes are implemented, the Managers expect that project delivery will speed up. The Managers also expect that the provisions put forward in this bill, as well as the last two WRDA bills, will promote investment in worthwhile and beneficial water resources development projects, and enable these projects to move forward. Water resources projects have historically been rejected through the use of benefitcost analyses (BCAs) in the formulation, evaluation, and budgeting of water resources development projects. The Managers have been approached by members and nonFederal project sponsors who have projects that are authorized, but because of past practices regarding BCA calculations, nonFederal project sponsors are left without a clear path forward. This legislation makes clear the Managers’ intent: authorized projects are worthy of funding. Specifically, this bill contains provisions that require the careful study of and reporting on the use and application of current BCAs. The Managers expect this study to result in recommendations to improve project transparency and the taxpayers’ return on Federal investment. The bill also provides additional transparency measures to help nonFederal project sponsors better understand where their projects are in the budgeting process, and the calculations used to justify or reject federal investment in the project. Corps water resources development projects are longterm investments which are critically important to maintaining the nation’s economic prosperity, national security, and environmental protection. The Managers expect the Corps to proactively work with nonFederal interests to transparently discuss the principles and analytical methodologies used in developing BCAs on these projects. Title II and IV of this legislation builds on the existing Clean Water Act and the Safe Drinking Water Act programs to protect and restore water quality. This legislation provides Federal financial assistance to local drinking and wastewater systems to improve water quality and comply with both the Clean Water and Safe Drinking Water Act’s requirements. The United States Environmental Protection Agency (EPA) published its sixth national assessment, Drinking Water Infrastructure Needs Survey, in March 2018. That assessment estimated the nation’s drinking water utilities require $472.6 billion in infrastructure investments and $271 billion in wastewater needs over the next 20 years to protect the public health and ensure the security and economic wellbeing of our cities, towns and communities. This bill reauthorizes the Safe Drinking Water State Revolving Loan Fund (SRF), growing the program over the next three fiscal years to $1.95 billion annually in 2021, nearly doubling the amount currently authorized. Along with the SRFs, this bill reauthorizes the Water Infrastructure and Finance Innovation Act (WIFIA) and a program within WIFIA the Securing Required Funding for Water Infrastructure Now (SRF WIN). All of these mechanisms will substantially increase investments toward addressing this critical need. Investments in water infrastructure are essential for protecting public health and the environment, but they also generate significant economic benefits. The Department of Commerce’s Bureau of Economic Analysis estimates that for every dollar in revenue realized by the water and wastewater industry, $2.62 in revenue are realized by all other industries. Adding one job in the water and wastewater industry creates an additional 3.68 jobs in the national economy. The Managers understand that our nation’s ability to provide clean water and safe drinking water is challenged by deteriorating wastewater infrastructure that is in urgent need of repair, replacement, or upgrade. This legislation takes steps to address these needs through financial support from grants, state revolving loan funds, innovative financing mechanisms, the use of funds for compliance assistance, and the use of technical assistance for disadvantaged communities. Title III of this legislation includes several provisions that promote the development of hydropower through closedloop pump storage, inconduit projects, and at existing non powered dams. This legislation also amends the Federal Power Act to authorize the FERC to issue preliminary permits to a hydropower construction license applicant for up to four years, and promote the timely rehabilitation and replacement of hydropower infrastructure. Title IV of the bill also addresses the need in many states, particularly throughout the West, to increase water supplies necessary to sustain the livelihoods of farming, ranching, and tribal communities. This legislation also addresses flood protection concerns in rural and tribal communities. Section 1116 directs the Corps to expedite the dredge material management plan process and make maximum use of existing information, studies, and innovative dredge material management practices. It is the Manager’s intent that dredged material management plans begun in 2018, but not completed shall also be expedited under this provision. Managers ask that, when a nonFederal entity develops a reasonable alternative to the Federal standard for dredged material disposal facilities that meets relevant Federal environmental and dredged material placement and disposal standards, it should receive preferred consideration by the Secretary. Additionally, the Secretary is encouraged to consider entering into agreements with nonFederal sponsors for the acquisition, design, construction, management, or operation and maintenance of dredged material disposal facilities, including port facilities, through section 217 of WRDA of 1996. Section 1126 addresses the concerns that Managers heard about the regulatory permitting process for water storage projects is extremely lengthy, in part due to issues associated with identifying and analyzing the purpose and need of the project. This section is intended to increase transparency earlier in the regulatory process by providing the permittee an opportunity to obtain a project’s purpose and need statement. For Section 1133, as much as is possible, if the determination is made that additional housing is warranted, the purchase of private land shall be avoided. Section 1134 directs the Corps to implement these sediment removal provisions in an expeditious manner in order to restore these reservoirs to their intended storage capacity. The Managers recognize the importance of water storage capacity to rural and western communities. Federal reservoirs have gradually seen a reduction in water storage capacity associated with sediment buildup to the detriment of farmers, ranchers, and rural communities. Managers expect that the final feasibility study for the project in section 1142 will be carried out expeditiously and be completed by the anticipated completion date of February 2019. The Managers intend that section 1143 apply to all projects authorized by Title VII of WRDA 2007 so that the Secretary can acknowledge credit for the cost of work carried out in the coastal Louisiana ecosystem by the nonFederal interest for elements integral to the project prior to the date of enactment of WRDA 2018. For example, the ‘‘Multipurpose Operation of Houma Navigation Lock’’ is dependent upon the adjacent earthen levees (including Reach F and G of the Morganza to the Gulf of Mexico project) and other structures (including the Bubba Dove Floodgate and Bayou Grand Calliou Floodgate). Operating a lock complex without adjacent levees can significantly reduce the ability to reduce salinity and to manage and control the fresh water available via the Atchafalaya River, Gulf Intercoastal Waterway and the Houma Navigation Canal. In addition, the Bubba Dove Floodgate has reduced the original wetland impact of the Houma Navigation Lock and is integral to the lock’s design and function. Section 1203 (f) expedites activities under section 4003(a) of Water Resources Reform and Development Act (WRRDA) 2014. The Managers understand that these activities have not been implemented due to a lack of appropriated funds, and emphasize that the importance of such flood and drought monitoring to communities in the Upper Missouri River Basin necessitates that the Corps expedite activities for this monitoring in order to protect lives and properties in the region. The Managers expect section 1229 to be carried out in an expeditious manner and in accordance with all applicable Federal and state water laws. Section 1332 further amends the Annual Report process set up by section 7001 of 
WRRDA 2014. WRDA 2016 changed the process to ensure individual existing environmental infrastructure projects may be included in the Annual Report Main Table so that they can be considered for inclusion in future WRDA bills, and the amendments in this section clarify that proposed modifications to existing regional environmental infrastructure programs are also able to be considered. Such projects that have previously ended up in the appendix of these reports, such as Charlotte County, Florida, are encouraged to reapply. Similarly, this section amends the criteria by which the Secretary may select to include a local request in the appendix to the Annual Report, rather than the Report, itself. The Committees on Transportation and Infrastructure and Environment and Public Works have repeatedly criticized the Secretary for failure to follow the specific criteria outlined in section 7001(c)(1)(A), and including local requests in the appendix despite those requests meeting the statutory criteria. In response, this legislation clarifies that the Secretary may not include a request that meets the criteria in 7001(c)(1)(A) in the appendix solely on the basis that the local request requires legislative changes to an authorized project or study, or the request may be inconsistent with Corps or Administration policy. The Committee is aware of one particular request for a modification of the Abiquiu Reservoir, New Mexico, that was placed in the appendix to the 2017 Annual Report to Congress because of Administration policy. Project sponsors for similarly situated project or study requests are encouraged to reapply. The Managers encourage the Secretary to consider the benefits of safety modifications for 2way traffic and other improvements to commercial navigation when evaluating authorized navigation studies. The Managers encourage the Secretary to provide technical assistance and other support to state emergency management agencies to assist in the development of handbooks for floodplain managers. These handbooks should include policies to help manage the risks of coastal and river flooding. In addition, these handbooks should consider coastal protection solutions that promote resilience, such as living shorelines, as well as regional sediment management. Additionally, nonFederal entities may provide resources for emergency repairs under section 1024 of WRRDA 2014 (33 U.S.C. 2325a), regardless of the cause of the emergency. The Managers encourage the Corps to proceed with a sense of urgency when evaluating and programming the actions to proceed with the water resources projects necessary for flood control, dam repair, beach erosion control, and harbor navigation improvement in Puerto Rico, and the repair and mitigation necessary as a result of the hurricane and severe weather damages that occurred between September 2017 and March 2018. Additionally, the Managers encourage the Corps to advance the project for ecosystem restoration, Can˜o Martin Pen˜a, San Juan, Puerto Rico. The Managers believe the Secretary should simplify and expedite the process for including inkind work in project partnership agreements, consistent with current law. The Managers further encourage the Corps to improve communication with stakeholders and the public regarding the risk assessments conducted by the agency of the levees around the country. The managers believe that the financing of project operations, maintenance, where the locals are not otherwise responsible for the project, or capital improvements by local nonFederal interests can results in savings to Federal taxpayers. As the Secretary carries out the operations and maintenance of our nation’s infrastructure, the Managers expect periodic maintenance dredging of the Kennebec River Federal Navigation Channel will be prioritized based on a joint plan that is being developed by the Secretary and the Secretary of the Navy. Additionally, the managers believe the Corps should prioritize annual dredging for the harbor in Wilmington, Delaware. The Secretary may use his or her authority under section 9 of the Flood Control Act of 1946 (60 Stat. 643, chapter 596) to remedy the erosion issues on the Ohio River near Clarksville, Indiana. Ongoing cooperation between the Louisiana Coastal Protection and Restoration Authority and the Lafitte Area Independent Levee District relating to flood protection projects in Jean Lafitte, Louisiana, and the vicinity should continue. To the maximum extent practicable, the Secretary should support that cooperation in a manner that is consistent with Louisiana’s Comprehensive Master Plan for a Sustainable Coast. The amendment to section 203 of WRDA 1986 (33 U.S.C. 2231) made by section 1126 of WIIN 2016 (130 Stat. 1648), which concerns study of water resources development projects by nonFederal interests, was intended to supersede any conflicting laws. As water resources projects are vital to the nation’s competitiveness, the Managers encourage robust annual funding. The Continuing Authorities Programs should receive full appropriations each fiscal year. The authorization of appropriations under section 595(i) of WRDA 1999, for water, wastewater, environmental restoration and surface water protection projects in certain rural states should be robustly maintained. Section 2005 includes new grant opportunities for states to assist small and disadvantaged communities when contaminants are present or are likely to be present in drinking water provided by a public water system or underground source of drinking water. The Managers intend this legislation to assist states with small and disadvantaged communities to promptly respond to problems that potentially present an imminent and substantial endangerment. Section 2010 establishes new authority for states and EPA to address the challenges of water systems that have repeatedly violated drinking water standards and pose a risk to human health. The section includes limited liability protection for outside entities that help the system come back into compliance. The Managers do not intend this legislation to limit enforcement of drinking water violations not identified in the plan or to diminish the availability of injunctive relief to address unresolved drinking water violations. Section 2021 authorizes EPA, subject to the availability of appropriated funds carrying out the purposes of the section, to require drinking water systems serving between 3,300 and 10,000 persons to comply with mandatory unregulated contaminant testing for up to 30 unregulated contaminants. The legislation also authorizes $15 million in the years the monitoring is required to pay costs traditionally associated with such testing. Systems serving fewer than 3,300 persons will remain subject to random sampling and have their testing and mailing costs covered by EPA. Such systems will not be subject to a civil penalty for their inability to comply with sampled monitoring. Title II provides for Drinking Water Improvement. As Congress reauthorizes the Drinking Water SRF, the managers strongly support Congress providing robust funding of capitalization grants to States to fund SDWA SRFs established under section 1452 of the SDWA (42 U.S.C. 300j–12) and the CWA SRFs established under title VI of the CWA (33 U.S.C. 1381 et seq.). The managers also encourage the Administrator to work with the States to realize the full benefits of the renewed DWSRF authorization amounts. Section 3003 of this bill authorizes the Commissioner of the FERC to establish an expedite process for issuing and amending licenses under the Federal Power Act for qualifying facilities under that section. The Committee on Transportation is aware that certain projects owned or operated by the Corps of Engineers may fall within the scope of this section. However, nothing in section 3003 provides new authority to add hydropower to existing nonpowered projects owned or operated by the Corps of Engineers where hydropower is not specifically an authorized purpose, established in law, for such projects. The decision and conditions to add hydropower to an existing, nonpowered project of the Corps rests solely with the Secretary of the Army, through its existing regulatory authorities, and with the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure in the U.S. House of Representatives and the Committee on Environment and Public Works in the U.S. Senate, through enactment of future water resources development legislation. Section 4102 establishes a Wastewater Technology Clearinghouse at EPA. Providing communities with the knowledge and resources necessary to fully use decentralized wastewater systems can provide affordable wastewater recycling and treatment to millions of people in the United States. Section 4103 provides Technical Assistance for Treatment Works in the CWA. The Managers recognize the importance of technical assistance for small, rural, and tribal water systems. It is the Managers’ view that onsite technical assistance, provides the most effective means for communities that are struggling to implement the CWA. The Managers also acknowledge that the use of remote training does not always provide communities with sufficient assistance to comply with complicated and systemspecific issues. Section 4201 amends the Water Infrastructure Finance and Innovation Act (WIFIA) by enhancing the process under WIFIA for financial assistance to those applying for state loan funds to carry out water and wastewater infrastructure projects, the Securing Required Funding for Water Infrastructure Now (SRF WIN). It allows states that combine projects and submit one application to the WIFIA program to receive additional considerations. This section provides specific selection criteria and expedites the evaluation of applications of these combined projects to 180 days, with feedback from the EPA on how to improve their application, if denied. This section also puts the application fee cost on the state financing authority and removes the burden from the bundled communities. It eliminates the need for these combined projects from having to do any duplicative environmental reviews and allows for the federal cost share of the project to cover up to 100% of the total project cost. These amendments utilize the leveraging power of WIFIA financing to enhance the ability of the state financing authorities to provide financial assistance to local communities. This will allow states to finance thousands of existing and vetted water and wastewater infrastructure projects expeditiously. Section 4301 establishes a mandatory requirement that not later than one year after the date of enactment of the Act that the EPA will enter into a memorandum of agreement with the Bureau of Reclamation (BOR) that will establish a structure for how EPA can provide technical assistance for any credit instrument that Reclamation may provide now or in the future. 
Section 4302 directs the BOR, working with the Corps to create a flood action plan. The Managers recognize that 2017 was a record year for runoff in the Upper Snake River Basin, causing communities in the region to experience significant flooding. The Managers further recognize that landowners and stakeholders have serious concerns for how the BOR and the Corps have managed the spring runoff out of Jackson Lake and down the Snake River. The Managers seek assurances that the BOR will work with the Corps to protect communities to minimize flooding in the region. Section 4304 establishes a new workforce training program for workforce development in the water utility sector. The managers find that water and wastewater utilities provide a unique opportunity for access to stable, highquality careers. This section also establishes a competitive grant program to promote the development of innovative activities relating to workforce development in the water utility sector. Section 4306 authorizes EPA’s WaterSense program, a voluntary program which identifies and promotes water efficient products through voluntary labeling, is authorized by this legislation. The bill requires EPA to review and revise the program’s performance criteria to achieve additional water savings not more frequently than every 6 years. The Managers expect EPA to conduct these reviews as required by the section and to review the requirements of the program and update them as needed and appropriate. Section 4312 recognizes the rehabilitation and restoration of Indian irrigation systems owned and operated by the Bureau of Indian Affairs (BIA) is essential to the success and livelihood of individuals and businesses across 17 reservations. Congress outlined these objectives in Public Law 114–322 and established the Indian Irrigation Fund for the BIA to carry out its trust responsibility for certain individual Indians and Tribes. This provision authorizes seven years of additional funding to complete this necessary rehabilitation, which will ensure the delivery of clean water, reduce the loss of water through seepage, and improve the safety of the systems. The Managers believe the Administration should prioritize the Indian Irrigation Fund in addressing restoration of these Indian irrigation systems. The Managers strongly encourage the Administration to fulfill the objectives outlined in Public Law 114–322. 
Mr. D EFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I particularly want to thank the chairman for getting the Water Resources Development bills back on track. We had gone many years without an authorization, and the chairman made it a priority to do this every 2 years. We also have created a new process through which we provide some direction to the Corps of Engineers on where to invest their scarce resources. If I had my way, or maybe if we have different leadership in the next Congress, we would go back to a much simpler, explicit process where we would designate highpriority local infrastructure investment as needed in the certain areas around the United States of America to better facilitate commerce. But that is for another day. This is a good bill. It is a bipartisan bill. There is, however, one problem. That problem is that Ronald Reagan worked with a Democratic Congress to create a harbor maintenance trust fund funded by a miniscule ad valorem tax on the value of goods that come in from overseas and pass through our ports. Consistently, Congress has underspent those funds under both Democratic and Republican leadership. Many years ago, I started to work with the chairman’s father on this very issue. That is more than two decades ago now. We did make substantial progress in the last Congress and in this Congress. An amendment that I offered to the water resources bill put us on a track toward spending all of the tax that is collected for harbor maintenance on harbor maintenance. Now, I know that is kind of shocking in this town, that you would collect a tax from people and then spend it on the thing for which it is dedicated, but I think that would be right. My proposal was adopted unanimously in the committee twice. Then Speaker RYAN, through his control of the Rules Committee, reached into the bill and extracted that amendment. Why would they do that when we, on an average daily basis, have less than 40 percent of the authorized capacity at our 59 largest harbors? Why would we cripple United States commerce and shipping interests? Why would we do that? Well, so they can pretend that the deficit is a little tiny bit less. When it comes to taxes, a trillion dollars here, a trillion dollars there, we don’t care about deficits. But when it comes to spending the harbor maintenance tax on harbor maintenance, we can skim off a few hundred million dollars every year and put it over here in an imaginary trust fund that we never spend. So it is a bunch of BS that we are doing that. You should not be collecting taxes from the American people and then not spending money on the intended and needed purpose. The Corps’ estimate is that they need about $20 million to bring all harbors up to authorized depths in the next 10 years. If we were spending the full harbor maintenance trust fund income on an annual basis and spending down the balance that has already accumulated, we could exceed that goal and deal with other issues, such as jetty problems and the like. The White House has come up with a brilliant and different solution. They want to reduce the harbor maintenance tax so we will never, ever bring up our ports to authorized depths. In any case, that is the major problem with this bill. The chairman has already mentioned a number of the attributes of this bill. There is a provision that potentially will make the Corps more efficient on dredging projects and look at multiyear as opposed to annual contracts. The Corps is getting some tools to respond to climate change—I can’t believe we got that in there—sea level rise, and natural disasters. It requires the Corps to be more transparent in how it chooses projects. As I mentioned earlier, I think Congress should be a little more direct there. Again, that is for another day. It has provisions that are important to my district and my State, which are fully justified. Mr. Speaker, again, it is a good, bipartisan project, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I just want to say the ranking member is 100 percent correct on his assessment of the harbor maintenance trust fund. I support it. He is absolutely right. I just want to make sure, when he is referring to BS, he is not referring to BILL SHUSTER . Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for his help on this legislation. I, too, agree in terms of the harbor maintenance trust fund. I rise in support of America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018. This legislation includes really important language to assist irrigators in the Klamath Basin who are enduring another challenging drought year, and it helps ensure we are prepared if our farmers are hit again with severe drought conditions in the years ahead. This bill provides the Bureau of Reclamation with the authority to use the funds we secured earlier this year, about $10 million, to implement measures such as groundwater pumping and other priorities for our irrigators, and ensures that they have the authority to survive difficult water years we may face over the next 4 years. I also want to express, as chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee, our support for a couple other titles in this bill. Title II of the legislation modernizes the Safe Drinking Water Act to address regulatory compliance and infrastructure challenges facing communities across our country. It brings greater investment to improve our aging drinking water systems and supports Stateled efforts in large cities and rural communities alike. For the first time in 22 years, Mr. Speaker, it authorizes capitalization grants for State drinking water revolving loan funds—$4.4 billion over 3 years, to be exact. This is a big infrastructure bill. These loans are a crucial tool to help communities address compliance issues and address drinking water threats. I urge EPA to help each State realize the promise of this new authorization. As we brace for the horrible impacts of Hurricane Florence, I want to point out that title II also authorizes $100 million for areas affected by natural disasters that need help repairing their drinking water systems to deliver clean, safe drinking water. Our prayers are with those in the storm’s path, Mr. Speaker. While this legislation won’t make them whole, it will help them recover. 
Title III of the legislation will make substantial regulatory improvements to the hydropower licensing process, with the goal to deliver more clean, renewable, carbonfree, and affordable energy to consumers. This title incorporates several important bills that passed out of the Energy and Commerce Committee, and I am proud to support their inclusion in this legislation before us today. With that, I urge strong bipartisan support of the America’s Water Infrastructure Act. I thank the gentlemen on both sides of the aisle and everyone involved for their work in getting this to the House floor, and I urge its passage. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. NAPOLITANO ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of S. 3021, America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018. I thank Chairman SHUSTER , Ranking Member DEFAZIO, Chairman G RAVES , and our own respective staffs for their work on this legislation. It is encouraging to see the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee continue in a bipartisan fashion on this legislation every 2 years. The bill authorizes Army Corps of Engineers’ feasibility studies; chief’s reports; and section 7001 water resource projects across the country for a diverse array of purposes, including flood damage reduction, ecosystem restoration, water supply, navigation, and other things. The bill also includes important provisions that both the House and the Senate have worked on to improve EPA water programs. I am pleased to have coauthored several provisions that will assist communities experiencing stormwater challenges and drought with additional water supply and water treatment options. Section 4106 authorizes $450 million in grants to cities over the next 2 years to plan, design, and construct stormwater, water recycling, and sewer overflow projects. This is incredibly important in my area in Los Angeles, which is addressing a new MS4 stormwater permit and is implementing water recycling projects as a way to address longterm drought and climate change. Section 1164 requires the Corps to work with local governments on integrated water resources planning to incorporate locally developed plans for stormwater management, water quality improvement, and water recycling in Corps projects. Section 1146 makes permanent my provision from WRDA 16 that allows public agencies or private companies to remove sediment from Army Corps dams in order for the dams to be more efficient for water supply and flood control operations. There was a particular problem of sediment buildup in several of our dams, including the Santa Fe and San Gabriel Dams in my region. Section 4304 creates an EPA water infrastructure and workforce investment program, which will provide grants to educational institutions, workforce development organizations, and water agencies to provide training in the water sector. The water agencies in my district have been strongly supportive of creating this program, because many employees in the water sector are retiring and workforce training is needed for new water technologies. Section 4306 formally authorizes and improves the EPA WaterSense program, which creates a national standard for the labeling of waterefficient products. Local, State, and Federal agencies can then give rebates to individuals and businesses that purchase these WaterSenseapproved products, in order to decrease overall water consumption demands. Section 1222 requires the Corps to assess forecastinformed operations in water control manuals to ensure that dams are being used effectively to maximize local water supply. Some of them are more than 40 years old. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida). The time of the gentlewoman has expired. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentlewoman from California an additional 30 seconds. Mrs. NAPOLITANO. I am confident that this bill, if enacted, will provide droughtprone regions like mine with the tools necessary to increase water supply through water recycling and capturing and treating stormwater. I want to thank my constituent water agencies for their input throughout this process, including the Upper San Gabriel Valley Municipal Water District; the Three Valleys Municipal Water District; the San Gabriel Valley Municipal Water District; the San Gabriel Valley WaterMaster; the Los Angeles County Department of Public Works; and my local Corps leadership in General Helmlinger, Colonel Gibbs, and David Van Dorpe. Mr. Speaker, I ask all my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. GRAVES ), chairman of the Subcommittee on Water Resources and Environment. Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, we have Hurricane Florence bearing down on our Nation now. The Carolinas and Georgia are inevitably going to have disaster, destruction, and damages. What happens in the aftermath, as folks begin looking at it, they ask the question: What could we have done differently? This bill, together with other legislation, is exactly what needs to be done. This begins the process of addressing this ridiculous backlog of $100 billion in projects that we need to move forward on, that we need to construct, and bringing efficiencies to the table, like allowing for States and local governments to advance these projects on their own, taking advantage of their capabilities of greater cost efficiencies, of streamlined permitting processes, and other efficiencies that they are capable of doing. This bill brings all sorts of solutions to the table, including, Mr. Speaker, looking at whether the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers should even be within the Department of Defense. When I call Secretary Mattis and talk to him about Russia, China, North Korea, Syria, and Iran, should I introduce a wetlands permit in that conversation? I don’t think I should. It is not compatible with the agency. So we are looking at where this mission can be a top priority, can be properly housed, and where we can accomplish these projects much faster than we are doing today. Mr. Speaker, this bill also has some important things for us back home, including recognizing the hundreds of millions of dollars in work that our State has done to restore our eroding coastline and the ecological productivity that goes along with it; looking at carrying out a pilot dredge program, whereby we can issue dredging contracts over years over multiple channels, rather than doing one channel at a time, where we can benefit from economies of scale and, again, greater efficiency with taxpayer dollars; and, importantly, Mr. Speaker, ensuring that the old river control structure is not managed by a static 70–30 split that was determined decades ago, using updated science so we benefit navigation, the environment, and other important priorities. I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER , Congressman DEFAZIO, Congresswoman NAPOLITANO , Congressman S ANFORD , Congressman ROUZER , and all those involved for their hard work on this. I urge its adoption. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ). Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Mr. DEFAZIO, Mrs. N APOLI TANO , and all the leadership on both the Energy and Commerce Committee and the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee for putting this bill together. Mr. Speaker, I wanted to talk about the Energy and Commerce jurisdiction, which is initially the Safe Drinking Water Act. Our Nation’s public drinking water system serves more than 300 million people, but aging and failing infrastructure threatens access to safe drinking water in communities large and small. b1330 The Environmental Protection Agency estimates that our water systems will require $472 billion in infrastructure repairs over the next 20 years, but 
investment simply has not kept pace with the need. This bill reauthorizes the Safe Drinking Water Act State Revolving Fund for the first time in 20 years and provides significant new funding to State and local governments in dire need. The bill nearly doubles the authorized funding from $1 billion to almost $2 billion in 2021 and increases funding for public water system supervision grants to States. Important provisions in the bill ensure that this money gets to the communities that need it most by raising the cap on special assistance to disadvantaged communities under the State Revolving Fund and setting a floor for such assistance to guarantee help for those communities. I want to thank Representative TONKO , the ranking member of our House Energy Subcommittee on Environment, who led the effort to reauthorize and improve the State Revolving Fund for many years. Many of the provisions in this bill were incorporated from AQUA Act, which he authored. The bill also contains a provision first introduced by myself and Representative RUSH establishing a grant program for replacing leaded drinking water fountains in schools and requiring, for the first time, a national inventory of lead service lines and the cost to replace them. The bill contains Representative DINGELL ’s provision to make drinking water quality reports to consumers more frequent, comprehensive, and understandable. Significantly, the bill incorporates Representative PETERS ’ provision to assist systems with resiliency to extreme weather, and it establishes new requirements to assess and address vulnerabilities to those threats. It also provides $100 million for grants to extend access to safe drinking water into areas impacted by natural disasters, responding to concerns raised by Representative GREEN . Additionally, the bill contains language championed by Representative MCNERNEY authorizing a water sense program to encourage consumer product water efficiency, and it authorizes Buy America requirements for iron and steel products for 5 years. Mr. Speaker, this bill won’t solve all our drinking water challenges, but it makes important improvements and delivers real benefits. I am also pleased that this final bipartisan bill includes important energy provisions that I pushed, to include among them provisions authored by Representatives KENNEDY , D EGETTE , and PETERS . All in all, the drinking water and energy titles of this bill are critical, significant steps forward that will benefit America’s families, industry, and the environment. Mr. Speaker, America’s Water Infrastructure Act is a victory for all of us, and I urge my colleagues to support the legislation. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. GRAVES ). Mr. GRAVES of Missouri. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of America’s Water Infrastructure Act, which includes the Housepassed WRDA. The chairman’s commitment to passing bipartisan WRDA bills every 2 years has been an impactful item at better managing the bureaucracy at the Army Corps and more regularly approving vital water projects. This is good government and a policy that I would like to see the committee remain committed to in the future. In my district, Mr. Speaker, this bill is extremely important to the agriculture economy and to everyone who relies on the Missouri and Mississippi Rivers. I am glad the final bill included my amendment to stop the Army Corps from building any new, unproven structures for endangered species along the Missouri, and, instead, they now are required to prove that it will actually work before spending millions of taxpayer dollars. The Corps has to prove that these structures do not negatively impact the other management priorities on the Missouri River. In closing, this is a good bill, and it is necessary to advance the important flood control projects and ensure our inland waterways remain reliable and efficient options for transporting goods. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote for S. 3021. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ). Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 3021, America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018. Every Member in this House should be able to support it. It is how Congress should work, and it is what the American people expect. Overall, the bill would authorize $6.1 billion in Federal funds for the Army Corps of Engineers to carry out new and existing projects critical to our Nation’s economy, environment, public health, and safety, including the Great Lakes region. This legislation also includes the Drinking Water Systems Improvement Act, which the Energy and Commerce Committee approved last year, in bipartisan fashion. These provisions will improve drinking water systems and authorize $4.4 billion for the State Drinking Water Revolving Loan Fund Program, which will provide much needed Federal financing for States and utilities to strengthen drinking water infrastructure. Everybody remembers Flint. Now we have PFAS. It is important that every American be able to trust the water they are drinking. This is why I am proud that this bill includes important provisions from legislation I introduced that would increase drinking water notifications and make consumer confidence reports on drinking water easier for every American to understand. It is an essential part of our response to drinking water crises in this country. We have a crisis of confidence in our systems, and consumers deserve clear and immediate notifications and transparency when it comes to the quality of the water they are drinking. By requiring large water systems to provide consumer confidence reports biannually, the American people will have more frequent reports on water quality, which will help identify and mitigate risks sooner. With 90 percent of Americans receiving their drinking water from a public drinking water system, it is our collective responsibility to provide strong funding authorizations for modernizing drinking water systems, and we must continue to find effective ways to keep the public informed. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 11⁄2minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. DENHAM ). Mr. DENHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of America’s Water Infrastructure Act. This bill revitalizes our waterways, bolsters flood protection, and ensures our channels and harbors can supply America and the world with U.S. goods. Most importantly, this bill includes my New WATER Act, a provision that will help us to build new water storage in California. The last time we built anything of substance in California for water storage was 1979. We have waited 50 years— 50 years—because we don’t have Federal financing and Federal authorization. Finally, under this bill, the New WATER Act will set up a bank for financing for these water storage projects, and we can finally get some of these big reservoirs under way: Shasta, raising Shasta; building Sites Reservoir, which has been studied for decades; building Los Vaqueros; building Temperance Flat. It is time to build water storage in California. We need to be solving our own problems, and the New WATER Act helps us with that financing. Belowground water storage projects, water recycling, and desalination projects are also eligible. We want to look at all water in California, but this allows us a Federal financing plan to match State and local dollars as well. Also, I included the lower San Joaquin County Army Corps chief’s report in this bill to enhance flood protection for more than 50,000 valley residents in San Joaquin County. This will reduce annual property damage and enhance security at 262 critical infrastructure sites, including French Camp. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from California an additional 15 seconds. Mr. DENHAM. French Camp will be the Army Corps’ first VA project, building a megaclinic for our veterans 
in our local community right in this area in between Lathrop and Manteca. We look at revitalizing America’s infrastructure. This is a monumental step forward in America’s water infrastructure, and I ask my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. KENNEDY ). (Mr. KENNEDY asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KENNEDY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the bill before us, S. 3021; and specifically, Mr. Speaker, the Fair Ratepayer Accountability, Transparency, and Efficiency Standards Act written into title III, culminating more than 4 years of work on this issue. In 2014, due to an unintended loophole in the Federal Power Act, my constituents were locked out of challenging a nearly $2 billion rate increase, because at the time the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission was deadlocked 2 to 2 on whether to approve or deny the change. With this bill before us today, we can close that loophole and ensure that no ratepayer suffers the same consequence that continues to threaten the bank accounts and pocketbooks of my constituents. It is especially important today given that the commission currently has only four sitting commissioners. While this is not the bill that I first introduced more than 3 years ago and it is not the one that the House unanimously passed each of the last two Congresses, it is a compromise with our Senate colleagues and is an important step in the right direction. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the bill before us, H.R. S. 2031. Specifically I rise in support of the Fair Ratepayer Accountability, Transparency, and Efficiency Standards Act, written into Title III, culminating more than four years of work on this issue. As my colleagues have heard time and time again, my constituents in New England pay among the highest retail electric rates across the country. And in 2014, due to an unintended loophole in the Federal Power Act, my constituents were locked out of challenging a nearly $2 billion rate increase because at the time, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission was deadlocked twototwo on whether to approve or deny the change. As written, the Federal Power Act allows for rate changes to take effect by operation of law if FERC fails to act within the statutory 60day time period. Due to a deadlock in 2014, no action was taken. And as we have since learned, the Federal Power Act only allows for appeals of official FERC Actions, not rates that take effect by operation of law, including deadlocks like the one that left my constituents voiceless. With this bill before us today, we can ensure no ratepayer suffers the same consequence. It is especially important now given the current status of the Commission with only 4 sitting commissioners. This bill represents a compromise with my Senate colleagues. The bill states that any rates that take effect by operation of law, due to a deadlock or a Commission that lacks sufficient members for a quorum, are appealable both at FERC and in the courts. It is intended to ensure that FERC and the courts consider the merits of a rate change and whether such a change is just and reasonable as required by the Federal Power Act. It would not allow FERC or the courts to simply dismiss a challenge because FERC failed to issue an order. Additionally, I would like to highlight two concerns with this language and make clear congressional intent in the process. First, this bill would not apply to rates that the Commission either chooses, or inadvertently allows, to take effect upon expiration of the statutory clock. It has been my understanding and my experience that FERC can and will continue to address all rate filings with the due diligence and scrutiny each deserves, and I hope FERC will continue to do so even on the most contentious of cases. I expect FERC will abide by the requirements of this legislation and not take advantage of any loophole to avoid a contentious filing. Second, while unusual, this bill would require each of the sitting commissioners to explain in writing their view on the rate change. To my knowledge, there is no other similar requirement in any part of the Federal Power Act or Natural Gas Act. However, it is my belief that if and when the time comes to address a deadlock, commissioners will use the opportunity to explain their views for purposes of transparency and good government. While this is not the bill I first introduced more than three years ago, the one that passed the House unanimously in each of the last two Congresses, it is a good compromise and a significant step in the right direction. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. WOODALL ), a hardworking member of the House Transportation and Infrastructure Committee and a member of the Rules Committee. Mr. WOODALL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership on the committee. Mr. Speaker, this is probably the most important bill that most members of the United States of America citizenry will never have heard of. When I go back home, folks ask me to make smart and prudent investments that will make a difference in people’s lives. They ask me to repeal unnecessary regulations that stand in the way of making those improvements. They ask me to pay for those things rather than passing the bill on to our kids and our grandkids. The bill that the chairman and the ranking member have brought before us today fulfills every single one of those challenges. In my district, Mr. Speaker, we are talking about preserving water quality in Lake Lanier, the sole water source for most of the metro Atlanta area. We are talking about funding the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project, a project of economic significance for the entire southeastern United States. We are talking about offering local officials the financing tools they need to bring projects to bear faster and cheaper than ever before. Mr. Speaker, median household income has never been higher. Small business optimism has never been higher. Unemployment is at its lowest point in decades. Job openings are at a record high. Manufacturing jobs are at a record high. This does not happen by accident. This happens when you create an environment in which success can breed. I want to thank the ranking member from Oregon. I particularly want to thank my chairman from Pennsylvania. Chairman SHUSTER said he was going to bring three bills to the floor. He said we are going to get back in the business of doing the people’s business, not sometimes but always; and here, at the end of his third term as chairman, we are bringing our third WRDA bill to the floor. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ), my good friend and another hardworking member of the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the America’s Water Infrastructure Act, a critical piece of legislation that authorizes water infrastructure projects across our Nation. One particular project is near and dear to my heart, critical to the State of Michigan and our national economy and security: the Soo Locks. This lock is the only waterway, the only connection between Lake Superior and the rest of the Great Lakes and the Saint Lawrence Seaway. Right now, that one lock accommodates almost all of the shipping of iron ore and many other goods from Minnesota through the Great Lakes. If that lock fails, the damage is instantaneous: economic damage—11 million people would lose their jobs within the first 90 days—and risks our national security. That is why construction of a second lock is so vital. This upgrade was authorized over 30 years ago. I guess it shouldn’t surprise us that it has languished a bit. We now have bipartisan support, both sides of the aisle supporting the need to get this lock, a second large lock, built. We have recognition by the administration that this lock is critical for our economy and our national security. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill as the next step in building the 1,200foot lock at the Soo Locks so we can ensure that our national security and our economy is not devastated by the failure of one lock. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time if the gentleman has more speakers. Mr. SHUSTER. Mr. Speaker, I have three more speakers. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. UPTON ). 
b1345 Mr. UPTON. Mr. Speaker, safe drinking water for our families is something that we all should agree on, and this bill delivers on that promise. It makes certain that communities like Parchment, in my district, are able to deal with the PFAS contamination issue. In Parchment, thanks to the proactive efforts of the State of Michigan, we discovered PFAS in the water, and we immediately sprang into action to solve the problem in the short term—local, State, and Federal folks all working in tandem to fix the problem. Specifically, the bill does that by increasing authorization for the Drinking Water State Revolving Fund. It critically works to modernize our aging water infrastructure by providing more resources. Drinking water quality remains high across the country, but improvements can and must be made now. This bipartisan bill is yet a very important step forward. I look forward to supporting it and would urge all of my colleagues on both sides to do the same. I want to thank Chairman SHUSTER  for getting this bill to the floor, and I look forward to ultimately getting it to the President for his signature. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Washington (Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS ), our conference chair. Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS. Madam Speaker, I thank the chairman for his leadership and yielding the time. Today, I am proud to stand in support of the Water Resources Development Act. I appreciate all the work that has been done to help strengthen our Nation’s ports, dams, and waterways. In this legislation, we are keeping our promise to the American people to rebuild our Nation’s infrastructure. I was proud to offer two significant provisions to help the people of eastern Washington. The first is the Port of Whitman Economic Expansion Act. This will allow the Port of Whitman to purchase land from the Army Corps of Engineers to continue their mission of economic development in our region. The other provision is from bipartisan legislation that passed this House earlier titled the Hydropower Modernization Act of 2017. In Washington State, hydropower makes up nearly 70 percent of our electricity, and it is the Nation’s largest source of clean, renewable, reliable, and affordable energy. We have some of the lowest electricity costs in the country because of clean hydropower, but there is still room for tremendous potential to increase the production of renewable energy as hydropower, but FERC doesn’t incentivize investing in dams. Capital intensive projects like updating turbines or improving fish ladders are only included in the lifespan of a dam’s license during the relicensing window. My provision will require FERC to include all protection, mitigation, and enhancement measures during the relicensing process. I appreciate Chairman SHUSTER and Chairman WALDEN and the staff for all of their work. Mr. DEFAZIO. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Indiana (Mr. BUCSHON ). Mr. BUCSHON. Madam Speaker, unnecessary government red tape is preventing us from taking advantage of clean, renewable hydropower generation at existing nonpowered dams. The current regulatory process simply takes too long, taking up to a decade for the project to be approved. We can change this by supporting America’s Water Infrastructure Act of 2018, which includes the Promoting Hydropower Development at Existing Nonpowered Dams Act, which I authored. This legislation instructs the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission, FERC, to create an expedited permitting process that will result in a final decision on an application in 2 years or less. The legislation also requires FERC, the U.S. Army Corps of Engineers, and the Department of the Interior to develop a list of existing nonpowered dams that have the greatest potential for hydropower development. Streamlining the permitting process will incentivize investments in clean hydropower development and help modernize our existing infrastructure. I ask my colleagues to join me today in supporting this legislation. Mr. DEFAZIO. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I want to particularly congratulate the chairman on his accomplishment of resuscitating regular WRDA reauthorizations, and this, of course, will be the last time in which he will be on the floor on this particular issue. I would also like to thank the staff, Ryan Seiger, Mike Brain; from Representative NAPOLITANO ’s office, Joe Sheehy; and a special thanks to legislative counsel, whose staff tells me was absolutely fabulous on this, Kakuti Lin. And then, of course, I believe the chairman will thank his staff, but I would also extend thanks to them but not name them individually if he is going to do that. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SHUSTER. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I thank my partner in this, Ranking Member DEFAZIO, for his efforts on the bill, but also Ranking Member NAPOLITANO and Subcommittee Chair GARRET GRAVES for their great work on this bill. I thank the entire Republican staff on the Transportation and Infrastructure Committee. The following staff spent hours working on behalf of the Members of Congress to produce this final product: Ian Bennitt, Elizabeth Fox, John Pawlow, Victor Sarmiento, Peter Como, Geoff Gosselin, Fred Miller, Chris Vieson, Kathy Dedrick, Ryann Seiger, Joe Sheehy, Alex Burkett, Mike Brian, Richard Russell, Brian Clifford, Lizzy Oslen, Pauline Thorndick, Andy Hardy, Craig Thomas, Marry Francis Repko. John Drake, Andrew Rogers, Chris Baysinger, Mary Martin, Jerry Couri, Mike Bloomquist, Ryan Long, Karen Christian, Brandon Mooney, Annelise Rickerts, Jackie Cohen, Rick Kessler, Jean Fruci, Kakuti Lin, Allison Hartwich, Geoff Antell, Kiel Weaver, Cindy Herrle. Madam Speaker, I thank the Democratic staff for their partnership in crafting this legislation and now passing on the floor, and, hopefully, ultimately, we get it to the President’s desk and signed into law. Thanks to all the folks on the other side of the aisle, the staff, for their willingness and hard work and the effort they put into it. I want to point out, though, Chris Vieson and Geoff Gosselin, the staff director and deputy staff director, for their great work and leadership on the committee. But also the Water Resources staff, Ian Bennitt, Jon Pawlow, Elizabeth Fox, Victor Sarmiento, and Peter Como for their efforts and long hours that I know they took to put this all together. And finally, I would just like to say, passing WRDA is personally very gratifying to me. When I became chairman, we had not passed a WRDA bill in 7 years. Prior to that, for over 20 years, WRDA bills were passed every Congress. It was regular order. Today, we will pass the third WRDA bill in three Congresses, and I want to thank the leadership on both sides of the aisle for working with us and helping us to get it to the floor. I thank all of my colleagues in the House. As I think we maybe said earlier, when we passed it out of the House, it was 408–2, overwhelmingly. And again, I can’t thank my colleagues enough for working with me and helping to bring back regular order to WRDA. I ask all my colleagues to support this bill, and let’s move on to the next bill. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Ms. FOXX). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. SHUSTER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3021, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘An Act to provide for improvements to the rivers and harbors of the United States, to provide for the conservation and development of water and related resources, to provide for water pollution control activities, and for other purposes.’’. 
A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NATIONAL QUANTUM INITIATIVE ACT Mr. SMITH of Texas. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6227) to provide for a coordinated Federal program to accelerate quantum research and development for the economic and national security of the United States, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6227 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Quantum Initiative Act’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .— Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. Sec. 2. Definitions. Sec. 3. Purposes. TITLE I—NATIONAL QUANTUM INITIATIVE Sec. 101. National Quantum Initiative Program. Sec. 102. National Quantum Coordination Office. Sec. 103. Subcommittee on Quantum Information Science. Sec. 104. National Quantum Initiative Advisory Committee. Sec. 105. Sunset. TITLE II—NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY QUANTUM ACTIVITIES Sec. 201. National Institute of Standards and Technology activities and quantum workshop. TITLE III—NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION AND MULTIDISCIPLINARY CENTERS FOR QUANTUM RESEARCH AND EDUCATION Sec. 301. Quantum information science research and education program. Sec. 302. Multidisciplinary Centers for Quantum Research and Education. TITLE IV—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY RESEARCH AND NATIONAL QUANTUM INFORMATION SCIENCE RESEARCH CENTERS Sec. 401. Quantum Information Science Research program. Sec. 402. National Quantum Information Science Research Centers. Sec. 403. Spending limitation. 
In this Act, the following definitions apply: (1) ADVISORY COMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘Advisory Committee’’ means the National Quantum Initiative Advisory Committee established under section 104(a). (2) COORDINATION OFFICE .—The term ‘‘Coordination Office’’ means the National Quantum Coordination Office established under section 102(a). (3) INSTITUTIONS OF HIGHER EDUCATION .—The term ‘‘institutions of higher education’’ has the meaning given the term in section 101(a) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001(a)). (4) PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘Program’’ means the National Quantum Initiative Program implemented under section 101(a). (5) QUANTUM INFORMATION SCIENCE .—The term ‘‘quantum information science’’ means the storage, transmission, manipulation, or measurement of information that is encoded in systems that can only be described by the laws of quantum physics. (6) SUBCOMMITTEE .—The term ‘‘Subcommittee’’ means the Subcommittee on Quantum Information Science of the National Science and Technology Council established under section 103(a). 
The purposes of this Act are to ensure the continued leadership of the United States in quantum information science and its technology applications by— (1) supporting research, development, demonstration, and application of quantum information science and technology in order to— (A) expand the number of researchers, educators, and students with training in quantum information science and technology to develop a workforce pipeline; (B) promote the development and inclusion of multidisciplinary curriculum and research opportunities for quantum information science at the undergraduate, graduate, and postdoctoral level; (C) address basic research knowledge gaps; (D) promote the further development of facilities and centers available for quantum information science and technology research, testing and education; and (E) stimulate research on and promote more rapid development of quantumbased technologies; (2) improving the interagency planning and coordination of Federal research and development of quantum information science and technology and maximizing the effectiveness of the Federal Government’s quantum information science and technology research and development programs; (3) promoting collaboration among government, Federal laboratories, industry, and universities; and (4) promoting the development of standards for quantum information science and technology security. TITLE I—NATIONAL QUANTUM INITIATIVE 
The President shall implement a 10year National Quantum Initiative Program. In carrying out the Program, the President shall, acting through appropriate Federal agencies, councils, working groups, subcommittees, and the Coordination Office— (1) establish the goals, priorities, and metrics for a 10year plan to accelerate development of quantum information science and technology applications in the United States; (2) invest in fundamental Federal quantum information science and technology research, development, demonstration, and other activities to achieve the goals established in paragraph (1); (3) invest in activities to develop a quantum information science and technology workforce pipeline; (4) provide for interagency coordination of Federal quantum information science and technology research, development, demonstration, and other activities undertaken pursuant to the Program; (5) partner with industry and academia to leverage knowledge and resources; and (6) leverage existing Federal investments efficiently to advance Program goals and objectives. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The President shall establish a National Quantum Coordination Office, which shall have— (1) a Director appointed by the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy, in consultation with the Secretary of Commerce, the Director of the National Science Foundation, and the Secretary of Energy; and (2) staff that shall be comprised of employees detailed from the Federal agencies that are members of the Subcommittee. (b) RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Coordination Office shall— (1) provide technical and administrative support to— (A) the Subcommittee; and (B) the Advisory Committee; (2) oversee interagency coordination of the Program, including encouraging and supporting joint agency solicitation and selection of applications for funding of projects under the Program; (3) serve as the point of contact on Federal civilian quantum information science and technology activities for Government organizations, academia, industry, professional societies, State governments, and others to exchange technical and programmatic information; (4) ensure coordination between the Multidisciplinary Centers for Quantum Research and Education established under section 302(a) and the National Quantum Information Science Research Centers established under section 402(a); (5) conduct public outreach, including dissemination of findings and recommendations of the Advisory Committee, as appropriate; (6) promote access to and early application of the technologies, innovations, and expertise derived from Program activities to agency missions and systems across the Federal Government, and to United States industry, including startup companies; and (7) promote access, through appropriate Government agencies, to existing quantum computing and communication systems developed by industry, academia, and Federal laboratories to the general user community in pursuit of discovery of the new applications of such systems. (c) FUNDING .—Funds necessary to carry out the activities of the Coordination Office shall be made available each fiscal year by the participating agencies of the Subcommittee, as determined by the Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The President shall establish, through the National Science and Technology Council, a Subcommittee on Quantum Information Science. (b) MEMBERSHIP .—The Subcommittee shall include— (1) the National Institute of Standards and Technology; (2) the National Science Foundation; (3) the Department of Energy; (4) the National Aeronautics and Space Administration; (5) the Department of Defense; (6) the Office of the Director of National Intelligence; (7) the Office of Management and Budget; (8) the Office of Science and Technology Policy; and (9) any other Federal agency as considered appropriate by the President. (c) CHAIRS .—The Subcommittee shall be jointly chaired by the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the Director of the National Science Foundation, and the Secretary of Energy. (d) RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Subcommittee shall— (1) coordinate the quantum information science and technology research and education activities and programs of the Federal agencies; (2) establish goals and priorities of the Program, based on identified knowledge and workforce gaps and other national needs; (3) assess and recommend Federal infrastructure needs to support the Program; and (4) evaluate opportunities for international cooperation with strategic allies on research and development in quantum information science and technology. (e) STRATEGIC PLAN.—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Subcommittee shall develop a 5year strategic plan, and 6 years after enactment of the Act develop an additional 5year strategic plan, with periodic updates as appropriate to guide the activities of the Program, meet the goals, priorities, 
and anticipated outcomes of the participating agencies. (f) REPORTS .—The Chairs of the Subcommittee shall submit to the President, the Advisory Committee, the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, and other appropriate committees of Congress the strategic plans developed under subsection (e) and any updates to such plans. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The President shall establish a National Quantum Initiative Advisory Committee. (b) QUALIFICATIONS .—The Advisory Committee established by the President under subsection (a) shall consist of members from industry, academic institutions, and Federal laboratories. The President shall appoint members to the Advisory Committee who are qualified to provide advice and information on quantum information science and technology research, development, demonstrations, education, technology transfer, commercial application, or national security and economic concerns. (c) MEMBERSHIP CONSIDERATION .—In selecting an Advisory Committee, the President may seek and give consideration to recommendations from the Congress, industry, the scientific community (including the National Academy of Sciences, scientific professional societies, and academia), the defense community, and other appropriate organizations. (d) DUTIES .—The Advisory Committee shall advise the President and the Subcommittee and make recommendations that shall be considered in reviewing and revising the Program. The Advisory Committee shall provide the President and the Subcommittee with an independent assessment of— (1) trends and developments in quantum information science and technology; (2) progress made in implementing the Program; (3) whether the Program activities, priorities, and technical goals developed by the Subcommittee are helping to maintain United States leadership in quantum information science and technology; (4) the management, coordination, implementation, and activities of the Program; (5) the need to revise the Program; (6) whether or not there are opportunities for international cooperation with strategic allies on research and development in quantum information science and technology; and (7) whether national security, societal, economic, legal, and workforce concerns are adequately addressed by the Program. (e) REPORTS .—The Advisory Committee shall report, not less frequently than once every 2 years, to the President on the assessments required under subsection (d) and any recommendations to improve the Program. The first report under this subsection shall be submitted not later than 6 months after the date of enactment of this Act. The Director of the Office of Science and Technology Policy shall transmit a copy of each report under this subsection to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Technology of the Senate, the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate, and other appropriate committees of the Congress. (f) TRAVEL EXPENSES OF NONFEDERAL MEMBERS.—NonFederal members of the Advisory Committee, while attending meetings of the Advisory Committee or while otherwise serving at the request of the head of the Advisory Committee away from their homes or regular places of business, may be allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, as authorized by section 5703 of title 5, United States Code, for individuals in the Government serving without pay. Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to prohibit members of the Advisory Committee who are officers or employees of the United States from being allowed travel expenses, including per diem in lieu of subsistence, in accordance with existing law. (g) EXEMPTION .—The Advisory Committee shall be exempt from section 14 of the Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Except as provided for in subsection (b), the authority to carry out sections 101, 102, 103, and 104 shall terminate on the date that is 11 years after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) EXTENSION .—The President may continue the activities under such sections if the President determines that such activities are necessary to meet national economic or national security needs. TITLE II—NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY QUANTUM ACTIVITIES 
SEC. 201. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY ACTIVITIES AND QUANTUM WORKSHOP. 
(a) N ATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND  TECHNOLOGY ACTIVITIES .—As part of the Program described in title I, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall— (1) continue to support and expand basic quantum information science and technology research and development of measurement and standards infrastructure necessary to advance commercial development of quantum applications; (2) use its existing programs, in collaboration with other agencies, as appropriate, to train scientists in quantum information science and technology to increase participation in the quantum fields; (3) establish or expand collaborative ventures or consortia with other public or private sector entities, including academia, National Laboratories, and industry for the purpose of advancing the field of quantum information science and engineering; and (4) have the authority to enter into and perform such contracts, including cooperative research and development arrangements and grants and cooperative agreements or other transactions, as may be necessary in the conduct of the work of the Institute and on such terms as the Director considers appropriate, in furtherance of the purposes of this Act. (b) QUANTUM WORKSHOP .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall convene a workshop of stakeholders to discuss the future measurement, standards, cybersecurity, and other appropriate needs for supporting the development of a robust quantum information science and technology industry in the United States. The goals of the workshop shall be to— (A) assess the current research on the issues described in this paragraph; (B) evaluate the research gaps relating to such issues; and (C) provide recommendations on how the National Institute of Standards and Technology and the Program can address the research needs identified. (2) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology shall transmit to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate a summary report containing the findings of the workshop convened under this section. (c) FUNDING .—The Secretary of Commerce shall devote $400,000,000 to carry out this section, which shall include $80,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, subject to the availability of appropriations, to come from amounts made available for the National Institute of Standards and Technology. This section shall be carried out using funds otherwise appropriated by law after the date of enactment of this Act. TITLE III—NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION AND MULTIDISCIPLINARY CENTERS FOR QUANTUM RESEARCH AND EDUCATION SEC. 301. QUANTUM INFORMATION SCIENCE RESEARCH AND EDUCATION PROGRAM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Director of the National Science Foundation shall carry out a basic research and education program on quantum information science and engineering. (b) PROGRAM COMPONENTS .—In carrying out the program required under subsection (a), the Director of the National Science Foundation shall carry out activities that continue to support basic interdisciplinary quantum information science and engineering research, and support human resources development in all aspects of quantum information science and engineering. Such activities shall include— (1) using the existing programs of the National Science Foundation, in collaboration with other Federal agencies, as appropriate, to— (A) improve the teaching and learning of quantum information science and engineering at the undergraduate, graduate, and postgraduate levels; and (B) increase participation in the quantum fields, including by individuals identified in sections 33 and 34 of the Science and Engineering Equal Opportunities Act (42 U.S.C. 1885a; 42 U.S.C. 1885b); (2) formulating goals for quantum information science and engineering research and education activities to be supported by the National Science Foundation; (3) leveraging the collective body of knowledge from existing quantum information science and engineering research and education activities; (4) coordinating research efforts funded through existing programs across the directorates of the National Science Foundation; and (5) engaging with other Federal agencies, research communities, and potential users of information produced under this section. 
SEC. 302. MULTIDISCIPLINARY CENTERS FOR QUANTUM RESEARCH AND EDUCATION. 
(a) M ULTIDISCIPLINARY CENTERS FOR QUANTUMRESEARCH AND EDUCATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Director of the National Science Foundation, in consultation with other Federal agencies as appropriate, shall award grants to institutions of higher education or eligible nonprofit organizations (or consortia thereof) to establish up to 5 Multidisciplinary Centers for Quantum Research and Education. (2) COLLABORATIONS .—A collaboration receiving an award under this subsection may include institutions of higher education, eligible nonprofit organizations, and private sector entities. (3) PURPOSE .—The purpose of the Centers shall be to conduct basic research and education activities in support of the goals and priorities of the Program as determined in title I, to— (A) continue to advance quantum information science and engineering; (B) support curriculum and workforce development in quantum information science and engineering; and (C) foster innovation by bringing industry perspectives to quantum research and workforce development, including by leveraging industry resources and research capacity. (4) REQUIREMENTS .—An institution of higher education or an eligible nonprofit organization (or a consortium thereof) seeking funding under this section shall submit an application to the Director at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Director may 
require. The application shall include, at a minimum, a description of— (A) how the Center will work with other research institutions and industry partners to leverage expertise in quantum science, education and curriculum development, and technology transfer; (B) how the Center will promote active collaboration among researchers in multiple disciplines involved in quantum research including physics, engineering, mathematics, computer science, chemistry, and material science; (C) how the Center will support longterm and shortterm workforce development in the quantum field; (D) how the Center can support an innovation ecosystem to work with industry to translate Center research into applications; and (E) a longterm plan to become selfsustaining after the expiration of Foundation support. (5) SELECTION AND DURATION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Centers selected and established under this section are authorized to carry out activities for a period of 5 years. (B) REAPPLICATION .—An awardee may reapply for an additional, subsequent period of 5 years on a competitive, meritreviewed basis. (C) TERMINATION .—Consistent with the existing authorities of the Foundation, the Director of the National Science Foundation may terminate an underperforming Center for cause during the performance period. (6) FUNDING .—The Director of the National Science Foundation shall devote $250,000,000 to carry out this section, which shall include $50,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, subject to the availability of appropriations, to come from amounts made available for Research and Related Activities and Education and Human Resources. This section shall be carried out using funds otherwise appropriated by law after the date of enactment of this Act. (b) GRADUATE TRAINEESHIPS .—The Director of the National Science Foundation may establish a program to provide traineeships to graduate students at institutions of higher education within the United States who are citizens of the United States and who choose to pursue masters or doctoral degrees in quantum information science. TITLE IV—DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY RESEARCH AND NATIONAL QUANTUM INFORMATION SCIENCE RESEARCH CENTERS 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall carry out a basic research program on quantum information science. (b) PROGRAM COMPONENTS .—In carrying out the program required under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) formulate goals for quantum information science research to be supported by the Department of Energy; (2) leverage the collective body of knowledge from existing quantum information science research; (3) coordinate research efforts funded through existing programs across the Office of Science; and (4) engage with other Federal agencies, research communities, and potential users of information produced under this section. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Energy shall ensure that the Office of Science carries out a program, in consultation with other Federal agencies, as appropriate, to establish and operate up to 5 National Quantum Information Science Research Centers to conduct basic research to accelerate scientific breakthroughs in quantum information science and technology and to support research conducted under section 401. Such centers shall be established through a competitive, meritreviewed process, and consider applications from National Laboratories, institutions of higher education, research centers, multiinstitutional collaborations, and other appropriate entities. (b) COLLABORATIONS .—A collaboration receiving an award under this subsection may include multiple types of research institutions and private sector entities. (c) REQUIREMENTS .—To the maximum extent practicable, the Centers developed, constructed, operated, or maintained under this section shall serve the needs of the Department of Energy, industry, the academic community, and other relevant entities to create and develop processes for the purpose of advancing basic research in quantum information science and improving the competitiveness of the United States. (d) COORDINATION .—The Secretary shall ensure the coordination of, and avoid unnecessary duplication of, the activities of each Center with the activities of— (1) other research entities of the Department, including the Nanoscale Science Research Centers, the Energy Frontier Research Centers, and the Energy Innovation Hubs; and (2) industry. (e) SELECTION AND DURATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The centers selected and established under this section are authorized to carry out activities for a period of 5 years. (2) REAPPLICATION .—An awardee may reapply for an additional, subsequent period of 5 years on a competitive, meritreviewed basis. (3) TERMINATION .—Consistent with the existing authorities of the Department, the Secretary may terminate an underperforming Center for cause during the performance period. (f) FUNDING .—The Secretary of Energy shall devote $625,000,000 to carry out this section, which shall include $125,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, subject to the availability of appropriations, to come from amounts made available for the Office of Science. This section shall be carried out using funds otherwise appropriated by law after the date of enactment of this Act. 
No additional funds are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act and the amendments made by this Act, and this Act and such amendments shall be carried out using amounts otherwise available for such purpose. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 6227, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, this bipartisan National Quantum Initiative Act is cosponsored by House Science, Space, and Technology Committee Ranking Member EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , as well as 24 other committee members. The bill has earned widespread support and was unanimously approved by the committee on June 27. Before I explain what the bill does, I would like to explain why it matters so much. In our lifetime, we have seen remarkable advances in the size and speed of our computers. Most of us carry phones in our pockets that are several thousand times more powerful than all the combined computing power available to NASA during the Apollo missions. Yet, as impressive as these advances have been, quantum computing has the power to affect an even more dramatic transformation of our society and worldwide technology. Computers today rely on tiny onoff switches within a processing chip. Technological advances have made possible supercomputers that can perform series of onoff operations at astonishing speeds. But classical computing technology is nearing its limits. Each switch can only operate in one of two positions, off or on, zero or one. Quantum computing is different. Rather than onoff switches, quantum computers rely on qubits. These are subatomic particles that can be both on and off at the same time. This enables quantum computers to perform complex calculations at speeds that are potentially millions of times faster than today’s most advanced supercomputers. Countries that harness the power of quantum computing will be able to revolutionize cybersecurity, healthcare, communications, financial services, and transportation, just to name a few of the industries. The flip side of this is that quantum computing will make traditional IT security programs obsolete. The nation that develops quantum communications technology first may be able to decode, in a matter of seconds, other countries’ sensitive national security information, proprietary technologies, and personal information. Other countries are investing billions of dollars in new research facilities and equipment for quantum computing. China has publicly stated a national goal of surpassing the U.S. during the next decade. That is why it is imperative that we act now to develop a national quantum strategy and preserve America’s dominance in the scientific world. The National Quantum Initiative Act achieves this by creating a 10year Federal program to accelerate quantum research and development in the United States. The bill leverages the expertise and resources of U.S. industry, academia, and government to move quantum information science to the next level of research and development. The legislation enables a National Quantum Coordination Office within the White House Office of Science and Technology Policy. This office will oversee interagency coordination and strategic planning, serve as a central point of contact for stakeholders, conduct research, and promote commercialization of Federal research by the private sector. The bill also supports basic research, education, and standards development at the National Institute of Standards 
and Technology, the National Science Foundation, and the Department of Energy. Madam Speaker, $225 million a year of these agencies’ baseline funding will now be directed to new quantum research centers and laboratory research. Their activities will address fundamental research gaps, create a stronger workforce, and develop revolutionary knowledge and transformative innovations to give U.S. companies and workers an enduring competitive advantage. The bill ensures that U.S. hightech companies, which are investing heavily in quantum research, and a surge of quantum technology startups will contribute their knowledge and resources to a national effort. H.R. 6227 was developed with input from industry, academia, national laboratories, Federal agencies, and the administration. It was an open and bipartisan process. b1400 The input of those stakeholders has yielded a strong consensus bill. Additionally, Senator THUNE and Senator NELSON , the chairman and ranking member of the Senate Commerce Committee, have introduced a companion bill in the Senate. With bipartisan, bicameral support and the backing of the administration, I believe this bill could become law by the end of the year. Let’s take action to spur America’s quantum development. I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6227, the National Quantum Initiative Act. I want to take a moment to thank Chairman SMITH for introducing this good legislation, of which I am a proud original cosponsor. I also want to express my appreciation for the deliberative, bipartisan process by which this bill was developed over the past year. H.R. 6227 is the product of engagement with key stakeholders in industry, academia, and the Federal Government. The Science, Space, and Technology Committee held a hearing on quantum technology last October. At that hearing, we heard from agency, university, and industry representatives about the recent breakthroughs in quantum sensing, quantum communication, and quantum computing. We also heard about the priorities for Federal investment in quantum research and the need for a strategic and coordinated approach going forward. In addition to the hearing, committee staff held numerous bipartisan meetings and roundtables to inform the development of this bill. Quantum information science and technology promises to revolutionize the way we solve problems. Many believe that quantum computing technology has the potential to accelerate progress on some of the most pressing challenges, including how to address climate change and understand complex diseases like cancer. While it is difficult to predict how farranging the societal and economic impacts of quantum computing will be, recent breakthroughs demonstrate that we are rapidly clearing the necessary engineering hurdles. It is truly an exciting time for this bill and for the wide range of innovators who are planning to take advantage of these new breakthrough capabilities. The race is on to build the world’s first quantum computer capable of solving problems that have long eluded conventional computers. Not unlike the space race in the 1960s, the stakes in today’s quantum race are high. Global leadership in quantum computing brings with it a military and intelligence edge, as well as a competitive advantage in what many expect to be a massive industry in decades to come. At this time, when China, Europe, and Russia are investing heavily in quantum research and technology development, it is imperative that we do everything we can to maintain our global standing as the leader in this area. We must invest more in research. We need to ensure that we are educating and training the next generation of top quantum scientists and engineers. And we should do more to encourage partnerships between academia, industry, and government. The National Quantum Initiative Act will set us on the right path. H.R. 6227 directs the President to establish a 10 year National Quantum Initiative Program, with the National Institute of Standards and Technology, the National Science Foundation, and the Department of Energy playing lead roles. Through the establishment of a national coordination office, an outside advisory committee, and an interagency working group, the program will take an integrated government approach to accelerating progress in quantum research and development. I want to express my appreciation for the deliberative, bipartisan process by which we developed this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, first of all, I would like to thank the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON ) for those nice comments. And she is right, this was a very bipartisan effort and a very bipartisan bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ), who is also the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6227, the National Quantum Initiative Act. H.R. 6227 coordinates a Federal program to accelerate quantum research and development for the economic and national security of the United States. Quantum technology is a field positioned to fundamentally change the way we move and process data. Theoretically, quantum computing could allow for the solutions to exponentially large problems, things that cannot be accomplished by even the fastest supercomputers today. It could allow us, Mr. Speaker, to visualize the structures of complex chemicals and materials, to model highly detailed flows of potential mass evacuations with precise accuracy—with hurricanes abounding today, that is very, very important for us—and to quantify subatomic interactions on the cutting edge of nuclear research. Quantum computing may also have profound implications for cybersecurity technology. And the gentlewoman from Texas alluded to this: Should China and Russia beat us to achieving quantum encryption, our current security encryption measures would be rendered obsolete. You heard Chairman SMITH, in his remarks, say that we could possibly decode their encryptions in a matter of seconds, if not minutes. It is absolutely imperative, Mr. Speaker, that the U.S. maintain its leadership in this field. In order to achieve this kind of revolutionary improvement in technology, we need foundational knowledge in the advanced computing and materials science required to construct those quantum systems. The Department of Energy, the DOE, Office of Science is the leading Federal sponsor of basic research in the physical sciences and robust quantum technology research. At Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, the National Energy Research Scientific Computing Center, NERSC, allows scientists to run simulations of quantum architectures. At Argonne National Laboratory’s Center for Nanoscale Materials, researchers study atomicscale materials in order to engineer the characteristics of quantum information systems; and at Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory, scientists are applying their experience in highenergy physics to the study of quantum materials. Earlier this year, I was privileged to invite several of my colleagues to join me on a visit to Argonne and Fermi labs, and we had the privilege of speaking with those very scientists conducting this groundbreaking research. It really is breathtaking and really is groundshattering, if you ask me, in what it is going to do for science. Support for basic research in computer science and for computational partnerships between industry, academia, and the national labs is absolutely necessary to develop the technology needed for future commercial quantum systems. For these reasons, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 6227. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LIPINSKI ). 
Mr. LIPINSKI. Mr. Speaker, I thank Ms. JOHNSON for yielding, and I thank her for her leadership on this bill. I rise in support of this bipartisan legislation that will make a significant national commitment to the field of quantum science and engineering, which is critical for our global scientific and technological leadership. While the benefits of quantum technology may still be a ways off, there is fierce international competition in this field, most notably from China, and we can’t afford to waste any time. It is through strategic investments like this that we became the world’s economic scientific and technology leader, and we can only maintain that position through continuing significant investment in cuttingedge basic research. We already know that other countries are increasing their investments in quantum technology, in some cases guided by longterm strategies, and this bill will make sure that we develop a coherent strategy of our own. This bill is a bright spot in what is otherwise a long, downward trend in Federal R&D funding as a percentage of GDP. Much as today’s unbalanced budget leads to future debt problems, today’s underinvestment in R&D leads to future innovation deficits. I commend my colleagues from both parties for working together to bring this important bill to the floor, but we want to be clear that this is just a first step. We need to double down on our efforts and to reprioritize Federal research and development. I want to highlight and commend an organization that is a leader in the field of quantum information science and engineering and that made significant contributions to this bill. The Chicago Quantum Exchange is a partnership between the University of Chicago, Argonne National Laboratory, and Fermi National Accelerator Laboratory. I want to thank Chairman WEBER for bringing the Science, Space, and Technology Committee’s Subcommittee on Energy out to Argonne and Fermi earlier this year. He spoke about some of the great work that they are doing there. The Chicago Quantum Exchange was created to develop and grow interdisciplinary collaboration for the exploration and development of new quantumenabled technologies and to help educate a new generation of quantum information scientists and engineers. Partnership with the private sector is also an important element of the exchange. The Chicago Quantum Exchange serves as both an excellent model for the Multidisciplinary Centers for Quantum Research and Education envisioned in this bill and for what the future of R&D and quantum information science will look like. Finally, I want to thank Chairman SMITH for his leadership on this bill and for working with us to make this a good, bipartisan piece of legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. ROHRABACHER ), who has been a longtime and active member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, and also the former vice chairman of the committee. Mr. ROHRABACHER. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6227, the National Quantum Initiative Act. This act will move us toward a new millennium of computing. Computers used to be big, really large, and the ways to make them more powerful was thought to be by making them bigger and bigger. Enormous mainframes filled entire office floors. Well, after some very significant discoveries and development in the technological arena, we advanced this technology, making computers smaller, lighter, and more capable so we could send, for example, astronauts to the Moon. That led to more and more improvements, and now computers are in cars, are in our coffee machines and everything else that we do. They have gotten so small that most of us can carry them around and, perhaps, right now, are carrying them around in our pocket. At this point now, we stand on the cusp of another giant leap forward for mankind, the quantum leap. By harnessing the natural properties of atomic and subatomic particles, we can develop the capabilities in the next decade that are far more capable than the systems that we marvel about today. This act will coordinate our Federal activity, reduce waste and redundancy, and ensure that our efforts are strategic. This will keep us in advance, and way in advance, of our adversaries around the globe and ensure our security and our prosperity. I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this act and supporting a better future for America and the world. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time, so I continue to reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. HULTGREN ), who is one of the few members of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee to actually be a member of three subcommittees. He is a member of the Energy Subcommittee, the Research and Technology Subcommittee, and the Space Subcommittee, and we appreciate his active service on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman SMITH. I appreciate all of his hard work and success. And I also want to thank Ranking Member JOHNSON for her bipartisan work on this legislation, as well as her work on H.R. 589 that we will be getting over the finish line a little bit later in this series. b1415 Quantum computing represents a paradigm shift in the way that we are able to ask questions and comb through data when doing complex computational problems. Like many things we do at the Office of Science, this endeavor requires time, effort, and commitment. Quantum computing was first theorized in the 1980s with researchers such as Richard Feynman, the physicist in my district I now know very well. While every particle physicist draws Feynman diagrams to explain the interaction of subatomic particles, his later work in this field may have just as lasting an impact that he has had on the field. I am proud to represent Fermilab in my district with the Feynman Computing Center on campus, and Fermilab is also a partner in the Chicago Quantum Exchange with Argonne, the University of Chicago, and other partners to further develop quantum systems outside of just computing. I look forward to the advancements this research will provide, but, more importantly, the people we will be able to help. We are getting to the point where we can actually use the reams of data we first got out of our genome project, and our ability to better use this and other data will help us find more targeted cures and develop better treatments. Similar to what we are doing in this legislation, I also want to thank the chairman and ranking member for their efforts on the Department of Energy Research and Innovation Act. This legislation contains a number of sections from legislation I introduced to improve the ability of our national labs to get ideas out of the lab and into the private sector. The increased flexibility this legislation gives to the labs will allow them to better work with universities and the private sector when there are capabilities that only exist in our labs. These labs have been a passion of mine, with the ability to see two of them up close in Illinois. I have seen the innovation engine they can be, not just for our Nation, but for local and regional economies. It is vital that we continue to support our laboratories, which host more than 32,000 researchers from across the Nation, touching nearly, if not every, university in the United States. This legislation gives the Office of Science clear direction on their mission, and I am pleased that we could work with the Senate to get this to the President’s desk after this vote series. Again, I thank the chairman for yielding. I urge passage of these important bills. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I urge support of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no other requests for time either, 
and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. WOODALL ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6227, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY RESEARCH AND INNOVATION ACT Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 589) to establish Department of Energy policy for science and energy research and development programs, and reform National Laboratory management and technology transfer programs, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on H.R. 589, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 589, the Department of Energy Research and Innovation Act, is the product of more than 4 years of work by the Science Committee to advance basic research in science and technology and set clear science priorities for the Department of Energy. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues on the Science Committee who have sponsored this legislation with me, particularly Ranking Member EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , Vice Chairman FRANK LUCAS , Energy Subcommittee Chairman RANDY WEBER , Energy Subcommittee Vice Chairman STEVE KNIGHT , and Energy Subcommittee members DANA ROHRABACHER , M OBROOKS , N EAL DUNN, RANDY HULTGREN , MARC VEASEY , ZOE LOFGREN , D ANLIPINSKI , and P AUL TONKO , as well as full committee members BARBARA COMSTOCK , BRIAN BABIN, ANDY BIGGS, CLAYHIGGINS , ELIZABETH  ESTY, and E DPERLMUTTER . Six standalone Science Committee energy research bills from last Congress are included in this legislation. The DOE Research and Innovation Act prioritizes critical basic research and science at the DOE national labs. It provides the first comprehensive authorization for Office of Science programs, which conduct and support more than $6 billion in research each year. This legislation also requires DOE to coordinate research across the Department. It provides private industry with increased access to the unique user facilities and capabilities of the national labs that will help to develop advanced technologies for the next generation. Title I of H.R. 589 improves the technology transfer process between DOE and private industry. The innovative early stage research performed at the national labs can have great value to the private sector. While the labs consistently develop ideas and technology that have commercial potential, Federal red tape and bureaucracy discourage the cooperation needed for the private sector to take technologies to market. Title I enables national lab directors to better partner with industry and ensure that the United States can remain a world leader in science and technology. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Illinois, Representative RANDY  HULTGREN , and the gentleman from Colorado, Representative EDPERLMUTTER , for their initiative on this issue and for sponsoring similar legislation in the last Congress to advance these important reforms at our national labs. Title II of the legislation requires DOE to better manage and coordinate research efforts at the Department of Energy. This title also requires DOE to provide a regular analysis of science and technology activities within the Department. This will identify key areas for collaboration across science and applied research programs, and allow the Secretary to identify programs that cost too much and could be better undertaken by the private sector. Title III establishes priorities and provides statutory direction for the basic research programs within the DOE’s Office of Science. This includes research and basic energy sciences, biological and environmental research, highperformance computing, nuclear physics, highenergy physics, and fusion energy science. These basic research programs are central to the mission of the Department. Investment in this research can lead to new scientific discoveries that will maintain U.S. leadership in technology and innovation. This title also authorizes basic research programs in solar fuels, electricity storage, exascale computing, and lowdose radiation. The House has previously passed Science Committee legislation by Energy Subcommittee Vice Chairman KNIGHT and subcommittee member HULTGREN to authorize these four key basic research programs. H.R. 589 represents a bipartisan, bicameral agreement to modernize and increase the productivity of the DOE national lab system, streamline DOE research programs, and prioritize the basic scientific research that will maintain American leadership in science. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the final passage of H.R. 589, the Department of Energy Research and Innovation Act, for which I am pleased to be a cosponsor. The bill before us today is a result of constructive negotiations with our majority and with our colleagues in the Senate over the last 2 years. I am also pleased to note that many of the provisions in this bill actually were proposed first in the version of the America COMPETES Reauthorization Act, and that was sponsored by every Democratic member of the committee last Congress. This bill includes what would be the first comprehensive authorization of the DOE Office of Science, which is the largest supporter of physical sciences research in the country. This is a $6.6 billion office that manages 10 of our national laboratories, often called the crown jewels of our national research infrastructure. Yet, thus far, unlike NSF, NASA, and nearly every other major scientific research agency stewarded by the Federal Government, the Office of Science has not received the statutory guidance and support that its capabilities and mission warrant. So passing this portion of the bill into law alone would be a big step in the right direction. The bill also includes a number of important technology transfer provisions that previously passed the House as part of a bipartisan bill that I and many of my colleagues on the committee cosponsored. In addition, it would provide the first authorization of the promising Innovation Hub model for energy research, and it would enable greater private sector management of ARPAE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Chairman SMITH and his staff for working closely with us and our Senate counterparts to find common ground in each of these areas, as I believe they will be critical to ensuring our Nation’s competitiveness and our clean energy future. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ), who is the chairman of the Energy Subcommittee of the Science Committee. 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman SMITH for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 589, the Department of Energy Research and Innovation Act. H.R. 589 provides policy direction to the Department of Energy on basic science research and coordination, and implements important reforms to DOE national laboratory management that will modernize the research pipeline. This legislation gives Congress the opportunity to enact energy research and development policy that prioritizes critical programs at the Department of Energy. From advanced scientific computing to nuclear physics to fusion energy science, focusing on basic research at our national labs provides the best opportunity for U.S. economic growth and technology innovation. Significant investments, Mr. Speaker, in basic science research by foreign countries like China, as has been alluded to, threatens America’s global standing as the leader in scientific knowledge. To maintain our competitive advantage as a world leader in science, we must continue to support the research and research infrastructure that will lead to the next generation of energy technologies. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman SMITH and Ranking Member J OHNSON and many of my Science Committee colleagues for cosponsoring this very important legislation. I am grateful for the opportunity to work with members of this committee to guide research that will help America compete around the world and be the leader around the world. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 589. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ), who is the vice chairman of the Research and Technology Subcommittee of the Science Committee. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 589, the Department of Energy Research and Innovation Act, sponsored by my friend and the chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee, Representative SMITH. This bipartisan bill advances basic research and sets explicit science priorities for the Department of Energy, which is critical for our future innovation. H.R. 589 also authorizes the core program in my bill, the LowDose Radiation Research Act, which unanimously passed the House earlier this year. The provision directs the Department of Energy to carry out a research program on lowdose radiation, which will increase our understanding of the health effects low doses have on biological systems. Research has consistently shown us the adverse health effects associated with high doses of radiation, but we are a long way from accurately assessing the effects of low doses of radiation. As a product of industrial activities, medical procedures, and naturally occurring systems, humans are exposed to low doses of radiation every day, and it is imperative we can accurately assess this risk. There is broad consensus among the radiobiology community that more research is necessary for Federal agencies, physicians, and related experts to advance the use of radiation technologies. We have invaluable diagnostic tools today, such as CT scans, which emit low doses of radiation. It is vital physicians are able to inform patients of the health risks associated with these types of imaging processes. As a physician in my home State of Kansas, I certainly have firsthand understanding of the crucial importance of verified research and ensuring the best medical outcomes for our patients. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to support this bill, and I urge my colleagues to do the same. b1430 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have further speakers, but I will yield to the ranking member if she has any speakers. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have no further requests for time. I support passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. KNIGHT ), who is the vice chairman of the Energy Subcommittee of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. KNIGHT. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Department of Energy Research and Innovation Act. This bill makes important investments in science and technology research to ensure the United States protects its edge in novel, efficient, and commercially viable energy production. H.R. 589 makes needed reforms to the national laboratories’ relationship with the private sector to streamline the transfer of commercially ready technologies to American businesses. This will allow the benefits of public investment and critical research to be passed on to American entrepreneurs with greater speed and reinforced economic growth and job creation. In addition, this bill directs the Department of Energy to establish energy innovation hubs to pull together and create efficiencies in key scientific areas across basic and applied research programs. This bill also includes authorization of the solar fuels initiative, incorporating the text of my bill last Congress, the Solar Fuels Innovation Act. This provision builds on research that is now being undertaken up and down the coast of California, from Berkeley to Caltech, to produce fuels from sunlight. The solar fuel process, also known as artificial photosynthesis, converts sunlight into energy to create a range of storable chemical fuels, overcoming the biggest obstacle to maximizing the benefits of renewable technologies. Basic research and artificial photosynthesis and related efforts could lead to a solar fuel system that consolidates solar power and energy storage in a cohesive process. This would transform the economy in California and the rest of the Nation. The solar fuels initiative would solve the critical challenge posed by wasted renewable energy and enlarge incentives to invest in new solar businesses. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman SMITH and my colleagues who have helped me advance this bill for their foresight in identifying research initiatives that promise new approaches to energy technology that will be good for our economy and our environment. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from California for his comments and also for his initiatives on the subject of energy in so many ways. Several other bills that we are considering are a result of that initiative. Mr. Speaker, I have no other requests for time, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 589. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendment was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVATION CAPABILITIES ACT OF 2017 Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 97) to enable civilian research and development of advanced nuclear energy technologies by private and public institutions, to expand theoretical and practical knowledge of nuclear physics, chemistry, and materials science, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 97 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act of 2017’’. 
(a) N UCLEAR ENERGY .—Section 951 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16271) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) M ISSION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall carry out programs of civilian nuclear research, development, demonstration, and commercial application, including activities under this subtitle. ‘‘(2) CONSIDERATIONS .—The programs carried out under paragraph (1) shall take into consideration the following objectives: ‘‘(A) Providing research infrastructure to promote scientific progress and enable users from academia, the National Laboratories, and the private sector to make scientific discoveries relevant for nuclear, chemical, and materials science engineering. ‘‘(B) Maintaining nuclear energy research and development programs at the National Laboratories and institutions of higher education, including infrastructure at the National Laboratories and institutions of higher education. ‘‘(C) Providing the technical means to reduce the likelihood of nuclear proliferation. ‘‘(D) Increasing confidence margins for public safety of nuclear energy systems. ‘‘(E) Reducing the environmental impact of activities relating to nuclear energy. ‘‘(F) Supporting technology transfer from the National Laboratories to the private sector. ‘‘(G) Enabling the private sector to partner with the National Laboratories to demonstrate novel reactor concepts for the purpose of resolving technical uncertainty associated with the objectives described in subparagraphs (A) through (F). ‘‘(b) DEFINITIONS .—In this subtitle: ‘‘(1) ADVANCED NUCLEAR REACTOR .—The term ‘advanced nuclear reactor’ means— ‘‘(A) a nuclear fission reactor with significant improvements over the most recent generation of nuclear fission reactors, which may include— ‘‘(i) inherent safety features; ‘‘(ii) lower waste yields; ‘‘(iii) greater fuel utilization; ‘‘(iv) superior reliability; ‘‘(v) resistance to proliferation; ‘‘(vi) increased thermal efficiency; and ‘‘(vii) the ability to integrate into electric and nonelectric applications; or ‘‘(B) a nuclear fusion reactor. ‘‘(2) COMMISSION .—The term ‘Commission’ means the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. ‘‘(3) FAST NEUTRON .—The term ‘fast neutron’ means a neutron with kinetic energy above 100 kiloelectron volts. ‘‘(4) NATIONAL LABORATORY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the term ‘National Laboratory’ has the meaning given the term in section 2. ‘‘(B) LIMITATION .—With respect to the Lawrence Livermore National Laboratory, the Los Alamos National Laboratory, and the Sandia National Laboratories, the term ‘National Laboratory’ means only the civilian activities of the laboratory. ‘‘(5) NEUTRON FLUX .—The term ‘neutron flux’ means the intensity of neutron radiation measured as a rate of flow of neutrons applied over an area. ‘‘(6) NEUTRON SOURCE .—The term ‘neutron source’ means a research machine that provides neutron irradiation services for— ‘‘(A) research on materials sciences and nuclear physics; and ‘‘(B) testing of advanced materials, nuclear fuels, and other related components for reactor systems.’’. (b) NUCLEAR ENERGY RESEARCH PROGRAMS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 952 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16272) is amended— (A) by striking subsection (c); and (B) by redesignating subsections (d) and (e) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 641(b)(1) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16021(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 942(d)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 952(c)’’. (c) ADVANCED FUELCYCLE INITIATIVE .—Sec tion 953(a) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16273(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘, acting through the Director of the Office of Nuclear Energy, Science and Technology,’’. (d) UNIVERSITY NUCLEAR SCIENCE AND ENGINEERING SUPPORT .—Section 954(d)(4) of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16274(d)(4)) is amended by striking ‘‘as part of a taking into consideration effort that emphasizes’’ and inserting ‘‘that emphasize’’. (e) DEPARTMENT OF ENERGY CIVILIAN NUCLEAR INFRASTRUCTURE AND FACILITIES .— Section 955 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16275) is amended— (1) by striking subsections (c) and (d); and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) VERSATILE NEUTRON SOURCE .— ‘‘(1) MISSION NEED .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than December 31, 2017, the Secretary shall determine the mission need for a versatile reactor based fast neutron source, which shall operate as a national user facility. ‘‘(B) CONSULTATIONS REQUIRED .—In car rying out subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall consult with the private sector, institutions of higher education, the National Laboratories, and relevant Federal agencies to ensure that the user facility described in subparagraph (A) will meet the research needs of the largest practicable majority of prospective users. ‘‘(2) ESTABLISHMENT .—As soon as practicable after determining the mission need under paragraph (1)(A), the Secretary shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a detailed plan for the establishment of the user facility. ‘‘(3) FACILITY REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) CAPABILITIES .—The Secretary shall ensure that the user facility will provide, at a minimum, the following capabilities: ‘‘(i) Fast neutron spectrum irradiation capability. ‘‘(ii) Capacity for upgrades to accommodate new or expanded research needs. ‘‘(B) CONSIDERATIONS .—In carrying out the plan submitted under paragraph (2), the Secretary shall consider the following: ‘‘(i) Capabilities that support experimental hightemperature testing. ‘‘(ii) Providing a source of fast neutrons at a neutron flux, higher than that at which current research facilities operate, sufficient to enable research for an optimal base of prospective users. ‘‘(iii) Maximizing irradiation flexibility and irradiation volume to accommodate as many concurrent users as possible. ‘‘(iv) Capabilities for irradiation with neutrons of a lower energy spectrum. ‘‘(v) Multiple loops for fuels and materials testing in different coolants. ‘‘(vi) Additional preirradiation and post irradiation examination capabilities. ‘‘(vii) Lifetime operating costs and lifecycle costs. ‘‘(4) DEADLINE FOR ESTABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall, to the maximum extent practicable, complete construction of, and approve the start of operations for, the user facility by not later than December 31, 2025. ‘‘(5) REPORTING .—The Secretary shall include in the annual budget request of the Department an explanation for any delay in the progress of the Department in completing the user facility by the deadline described in paragraph (4). ‘‘(6) COORDINATION .—The Secretary shall leverage the best practices for management, construction, and operation of national user facilities from the Office of Science.’’. (f) SECURITY OF NUCLEAR FACILITIES .—Sec tion 956 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16276) is amended by striking ‘‘, acting through the Director of the Office of Nuclear Energy, Science and Technology,’’. (g) HIGHPERFORMANCE COMPUTATION AND  SUPPORTIVE RESEARCH .—Section 957 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16277) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) M ODELING AND SIMULATION .—The Sec retary shall carry out a program to enhance the capabilities of the United States to develop new reactor technologies through high performance computation modeling and simulation techniques. ‘‘(b) COORDINATION .—In carrying out the program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall coordinate with relevant Federal agencies as described by the National Strategic Computing Initiative established by Executive Order 13702 (80 Fed. Reg. 46177 (July 29, 2015)), while taking into account the following objectives: ‘‘(1) Using expertise from the private sector, institutions of higher education, and the National Laboratories to develop computational software and capabilities that prospective users may access to accelerate research and development of advanced nuclear reactor systems and reactor systems for space exploration. ‘‘(2) Developing computational tools to simulate and predict nuclear phenomena that may be validated through physical experimentation. ‘‘(3) Increasing the utility of the research infrastructure of the Department by coordinating with the Advanced Scientific Computing Research program within the Office of Science. ‘‘(4) Leveraging experience from the Energy Innovation Hub for Modeling and Simulation. ‘‘(5) Ensuring that new experimental and computational tools are accessible to relevant research communities, including private sector entities engaged in nuclear energy technology development. ‘‘(c) SUPPORTIVE RESEARCH ACTIVITIES .— The Secretary shall consider support for additional research activities to maximize the utility of the research facilities of the Department, including physical processes— ‘‘(1) to simulate degradation of materials and behavior of fuel forms; and ‘‘(2) for validation of computational tools.’’. (h) ENABLING NUCLEAR ENERGY INNOVA TION.—Subtitle E of title IX of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16271 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(a) N ATIONAL REACTOR INNOVATION CENTER.—There is authorized a program to enable the testing and demonstration of reactor concepts to be proposed and funded, in whole or in part, by the private sector. ‘‘(b) TECHNICAL EXPERTISE .—In carrying out the program under subsection (a), the Secretary shall leverage the technical expertise of relevant Federal agencies and the National Laboratories in order to minimize the time required to enable construction and operation of privately funded experimental reactors at National Laboratories or other Departmentowned sites. ‘‘(c) OBJECTIVES .—The reactors described in subsection (b) shall operate to meet the following objectives: ‘‘(1) Enabling physical validation of advanced nuclear reactor concepts. ‘‘(2) Resolving technical uncertainty and increasing practical knowledge relevant to 
safety, resilience, security, and functionality of advanced nuclear reactor concepts. ‘‘(3) General research and development to improve nascent technologies. ‘‘(d) SHARING TECHNICAL EXPERTISE .—In carrying out the program under subsection (a), the Secretary may enter into a memorandum of understanding with the Chairman of the Commission in order to share technical expertise and knowledge through— ‘‘(1) enabling the testing and demonstration of advanced nuclear reactor concepts to be proposed and funded, in whole or in part, by the private sector; ‘‘(2) operating a database to store and share data and knowledge relevant to nuclear science and engineering between Federal agencies and the private sector; ‘‘(3) developing and testing electric and nonelectric integration and energy conversion systems relevant to advanced nuclear reactors; ‘‘(4) leveraging expertise from the Commission with respect to safety analysis; and ‘‘(5) enabling technical staff of the Commission to actively observe and learn about technologies developed under the program. ‘‘(e) AGENCY COORDINATION .—The Chairman of the Commission and the Secretary shall enter into a memorandum of understanding regarding the following: ‘‘(1) Ensuring that— ‘‘(A) the Department has sufficient technical expertise to support the timely research, development, demonstration, and commercial application by the civilian nuclear industry of safe and innovative advanced nuclear reactor technology; and ‘‘(B) the Commission has sufficient technical expertise to support the evaluation of applications for licenses, permits, and design certifications and other requests for regulatory approval for advanced nuclear reactors. ‘‘(2) The use of computers and software codes to calculate the behavior and performance of advanced nuclear reactors based on mathematical models of the physical behavior of advanced nuclear reactors. ‘‘(3) Ensuring that— ‘‘(A) the Department maintains and develops the facilities necessary to enable the timely research, development, demonstration, and commercial application by the civilian nuclear industry of safe and innovative reactor technology; and ‘‘(B) the Commission has access to the facilities described in subparagraph (A), as needed. ‘‘(f) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act of 2017, the Secretary, in consultation with the National Laboratories, relevant Federal agencies, and other stakeholders, shall submit to the appropriate committees of Congress a report assessing the capabilities of the Department to authorize, host, and oversee privately funded experimental advanced nuclear reactors as described in subsection (b). ‘‘(2) CONTENTS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall address— ‘‘(A) the safety review and oversight capabilities of the Department, including options to leverage expertise from the Commission and the National Laboratories; ‘‘(B) options to regulate privately proposed and funded experimental reactors hosted by the Department; ‘‘(C) potential sites capable of hosting privately funded experimental advanced nuclear reactors; ‘‘(D) the efficacy of the available contractual mechanisms of the Department to partner with the private sector and Federal agencies, including cooperative research and development agreements, strategic partnership projects, and agreements for commercializing technology; ‘‘(E) the liability of the Federal Government with respect to the disposal of low level radioactive waste, spent nuclear fuel, or highlevel radioactive waste (as those terms are defined in section 2 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101)); ‘‘(F) the impact on the aggregate inventory in the United States of lowlevel radioactive waste, spent nuclear fuel, or high level radioactive waste (as those terms are defined in section 2 of the Nuclear Waste Policy Act of 1982 (42 U.S.C. 10101)); ‘‘(G) potential cost structures relating to physical security, decommissioning, liability, and other longterm project costs; and ‘‘(H) other challenges or considerations identified by the Secretary. ‘‘(3) UPDATES .—Once every 2 years, the Secretary shall update relevant provisions of the report submitted under paragraph (1) and submit to the appropriate committees of Congress the update. ‘‘(g) SAVINGS CLAUSES .— ‘‘(1) LICENSING REQUIREMENT .—Nothing in this section authorizes the Secretary or any person to construct or operate a nuclear reactor for the purpose of demonstrating the suitability for commercial application of the nuclear reactor unless licensed by the Commission in accordance with section 202 of the Energy Reorganization Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5842). ‘‘(2) FINANCIAL PROTECTION .—Any activity carried out under this section that involves the risk of public liability shall be subject to the financial protection or indemnification requirements of section 170 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2210) (commonly known as the ‘PriceAnderson Act’).’’. (i) BUDGET PLAN.—Subtitle E of title IX of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16271 et seq.) (as amended by subsection (h)) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act of 2017, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives 2 alternative 10year budget plans for civilian nuclear energy research and development by the Secretary, as described in subsections (b) through (d). ‘‘(b) BUDGET PLANALTERNATIVE 1.—One of the budget plans submitted under subsection (a) shall assume constant annual funding for 10 years at the appropriated level for the civilian nuclear energy research and development of the Department for fiscal year 2016. ‘‘(c) BUDGET PLANALTERNATIVE 2.—One of the budget plans submitted under subsection (a) shall be an unconstrained budget. ‘‘(d) INCLUSIONS .—Each alternative budget plan submitted under subsection (a) shall include— ‘‘(1) a prioritized list of the programs, projects, and activities of the Department to best support the development of advanced nuclear reactor technologies; ‘‘(2) realistic budget requirements for the Department to implement sections 955(c), 957, and 958; and ‘‘(3) the justification of the Department for continuing or terminating existing civilian nuclear energy research and development programs.’’. (j) REPORT ON FUSION INNOVATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Energy shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report identifying engineering designs for innovative fusion energy systems that have the potential to demonstrate net energy production not later than 15 years after the start of construction. (2) INCLUSIONS .—The report submitted under paragraph (1) shall identify budgetary requirements that would be necessary for the Department of Energy to carry out a fusion innovation initiative to accelerate research and development of the engineering designs identified in the report. (k) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .—The table of contents for the Energy Policy Act of 2005 is amended by striking the item relating to section 957 and inserting the following: ‘‘957. Highperformance computation and supportive research. ‘‘958. Enabling nuclear energy innovation. ‘‘959. Budget plan.’’. 
SEC. 3. ADVANCED NUCLEAR ENERGY LICENSING COSTSHARE GRANT PROGRAM. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section: (1) COMMISSION .—The term ‘‘Commission’’ means the Nuclear Regulatory Commission. (2) PROGRAM .—The term ‘‘program’’ means the Advanced Nuclear Energy CostShare Grant Program established under subsection (b). (3) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Energy. (b) ESTABLISHMENT .—The Secretary shall establish a grant program, to be known as the ‘‘Advanced Nuclear Energy CostShare Grant Program’’, under which the Secretary shall make costshare grants to applicants for the purpose of funding a portion of the Commission fees of the applicant for preapplication review activities and application review activities. (c) REQUIREMENT .—The Secretary shall seek out technology diversity in making grants under the program. (d) COSTSHARE AMOUNT .—The Secretary shall determine the costshare amount for each grant under the program in accordance with section 988 of the Energy Policy Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 16352). (e) USE OF FUNDS .—A recipient of a grant under the program may use the grant funds to cover Commission fees, including those fees associated with— (1) developing a licensing project plan; (2) obtaining a statement of licensing feasibility; (3) reviewing topical reports; and (4) other— (A) preapplication review activities; (B) application review activities; and (C) interactions with the Commission. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. EDDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 97, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise today, Mr. Speaker, in support of S. 97, the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act. I want to thank Senator CRAPO , Senator W HITEHOUSE , Senator MURKOWSKI , and Senator B OOKER , 
as well as Ranking Member J OHNSON  and Chairman SMITH for cosponsoring this important legislation, and for their years of leadership in advocating for nuclear energy research and development. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the opportunity to work alongside my Senate counterparts to prioritize fundamental research that will support nuclear innovation and keep America safe, independent, and most importantly, globally competitive. I also want to thank my colleagues on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee who have worked alongside of me with advancing this legislation. The Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, which I introduced in the 114th Congress and the 115th Congress, provides updated statutory direction to the Department of Energy’s nuclear research activities to ensure that fundamental research is prioritized and precious resources are not wasted. Mr. Speaker, this bill lays out a clear set of parameters and a definite timeline for DOE to complete an advanced research reactor facility, which is a crucial part of ensuring innovative materials and nuclear fuels R&D can take place right here in the United States instead of overseas. While modeling and simulation can accelerate R&D, nuclear energy research must be validated through direct experimentation in the lab. This type of research requires access to a source of fast neutrons, and today, these are only available for civilian research in Russia. The versatile neutron source authorized in this bill will provide the United States with this vital capability. S. 97 also directs DOE to partner with industry to construct and operate reactor prototypes at DOE national labs. Mr. Speaker, our national labs provide a very unique environment that safely allows for creative testing and development for advanced nuclear technology without a burdensome regulatory process that can slow progress to a crawl. In order to maintain our nuclear capabilities, the United States must continue developing cuttingedge technology right here at home. Without the direction provided in this bill, Mr. Speaker, we will continue to rely on foreign research. We will fall further and further behind. We will lose the ability to develop innovative nuclear technology and be left importing nextgeneration reactor designs from overseas. This is unacceptable. S. 97 will maintain America’s ability to influence security and proliferation standards around the world as more developing nations look to nuclear energy to grow their economies. The language in this bill is the product of many Science, Space, and Technology Committee engagements with relevant stakeholders and nuclear research and development. Mr. Speaker, last Congress this language passed the House three times as a standalone bill, with the House amendment to S. 2012 and in the NDAA, each with overwhelming bipartisan support. This language also has a history of strong support in the Senate. It passed as an amendment in the Senate during the 114th Congress and again as a standalone bill this Congress. S. 97 is vital to ensure that this important research and development is carried out. We cannot afford to miss the economic opportunity provided by nextgeneration nuclear technology. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to join me in supporting S. 97, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support S. 97, the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act. It is the Senate companion to H.R. 431, which I am very pleased to cosponsor. Today, nuclear power plays a vital role in providing our country with clean, reliable energy. I happen to be one of those who live in an area where we have nuclear energy. Looking toward the future, one of my top priorities is preventing and mitigating the potentially devastating impacts of climate change. I believe that this clean energy resource can and should play a key role in our efforts to reduce the carbon footprint of our electricity sector. But there currently are technical, economic, and policy challenges that prevent nuclear energy from playing a larger role in enabling our clean energy future. The Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act takes several positive steps to address these challenges. Implementing the provisions of this bill will help accelerate the development of advanced nuclear energy technologies that are safer, less expensive, more efficient, and produce less waste than the current generation of nuclear reactors. I hope it will also help ensure a brighter future for the U.S. nuclear energy industry. I would like to express my appreciation for the process we followed to put this bill together. Majority and minority staff in both the House and Senate worked closely together, from engaging stakeholders, through crafting and incorporating suggested changes to the bill language. This is a great example of what we can achieve when we leave politics at the door and look for common ground to address challenges facing our Nation’s research enterprise. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the great gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH). Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ) for yielding me time. Mr. Speaker, S. 97, the Nuclear Energy Innovation Capabilities Act, directs the Department of Energy to enable the American nuclear power industry to conduct civilian nuclear energy research and development that will advance our leadership in nuclear technology. While we are considering the Senate version of this bill today, I would like to credit the author of the original legislation, Energy Subcommittee Chairman RANDY WEBER , his primary cosponsors, and Science, Space, and Technology Committee Ranking Member EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON for their years of leadership on this issue. The originating Science, Space, and Technology Committee legislation was developed over 4 years of collaboration, including hearings, coordination with DOE and the Nuclear Regulatory Commission, and countless meetings with stakeholders. Every effort has been made to ensure this legislation will provide the resources necessary to more effectively and efficiently develop the next generation of nuclear power. Advanced nuclear energy technology is the best way to make reliable, safe, and emissionfree electricity available throughout the modern and developing world. The legislation authorizes the research facilities and infrastructure necessary to help development of new, advanced nuclear reactors here at home, maintaining American leadership in the global nuclear technology sector. This technological edge allows us to better influence global nonproliferation standards and prevent civilian nuclear energy technology from being misused for weapons development overseas. S. 97 directs DOE to develop plans for longterm research and authorizes critical infrastructure at the DOE national labs. This includes leveraging DOE stateoftheart super computers to accelerate the theoretical development of advanced reactors. The bill also authorizes construction of a research reactor at a DOE site. This research reactor will provide access to the fast neutrons necessary to develop advanced nuclear reactors. By investing in research infrastructure, DOE can maximize the impact of Federal research dollars and facilitate the development of a wide variety of nuclear technologies. Finally, S. 97 creates a reliable mechanism for the private sector to partner with DOE labs to build DOEcertified prototype reactors at DOE sites. While the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has heard from dozens of companies with innovative reactor designs, the ability to move new nuclear technology to the market has been stalled by government approval and licensing red tape. S. 97 provides an alternative pathway for these nuclear entrepreneurs. The safe development of advanced nuclear technology at DOE sites will provide access to DOE resources and expertise, and fast track the commercial regulatory process by involving nuclear reactors at the earliest stages of prototype design and construction. 
Nuclear power has been a proven source of safe and emissionfree electricity for over half a century. By enacting this legislation and investing in the capabilities needed by the private sector to develop advanced reactors, we can build on the history of American leadership in nuclear power and reduce emissions around the world. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman WEBER and Ranking Member JOHNSON for their work on this bill, as well as our Senate colleagues, including Senator MIKECRAPO , Senator J IM RISCH, Senator L ISAMURKOWSKI , Senator SHELDON WHITEHOUSE , and Senator CORYBOOKER for leading the effort to pass this bill through the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage my colleagues to support and clear this legislation for President Trump’s approval. b1445 Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. WEBER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. S. 97 is vital to ensuring America’s leadership in nuclear research and development. By harnessing the expertise and unique capabilities of our Nation’s national labs, universities, and entrepreneurs, American industry can take the lead in developing groundbreaking advanced nuclear technology for the next generation. I especially thank my colleagues in the Senate and on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee who have worked hard to get this legislation passed: Senators CRAPO , W HITEHOUSE , MURKOWSKI , and B OOKER , and, of course, Ranking Member JOHNSON and Chairman SMITH, as well as my other colleagues. I also thank the dozens of researchers and stakeholders who provided critical feedback over the past several years as we have been developing this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge the adoption of this commonsense, bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. WEBER ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 97. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 5895, ENERGY AND WATER, LEGISLATIVE BRANCH, AND MILITARY CONSTRUCTION AND VETERANS AFFAIRS APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1059, I call up the conference report on the bill (H.R. 5895) making appropriations for energy and water development and related agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 1059, the conference report is considered read. (For conference report and statement, see proceedings of the House of September 10, 2018, at page H7946.) The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELING HUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to present the conference report for H.R. 5895. This conference report includes the Energy and Water Development, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Legislative Branch Appropriations bills for fiscal year 2019. It is a product of months of negotiations between the House and the Senate. This conference report is a responsible compromise that addresses shared priorities: funding for programs that benefit all Americans, including national security, energy development programs and water resources infrastructure, care for veterans, and operations of the legislative branch. Critically, this conference report represents the next step toward fully funding the Federal Government for fiscal year 2019. This is the first time since fiscal year 2017 that Congress will have passed any Appropriations bill before the end of the year and the first time in over a decade—since fiscal year 2007—that Congress will be sending more than one Appropriations bill to the President’s desk before September 30. We have done our best to repair a broken appropriations process. This is a welcome and long overdue return to regular order and fulfills our promise to the American people to deliver results. Passage of this legislation also provides certainty to the Federal Government—most importantly, for our troops and their families, who rely on military infrastructure to sustain their quality of life and accomplish their missions, and for our veterans, who deserve full access to their benefits and healthcare. It is my sincere hope that we will continue this progress with the consideration of additional conference reports. The Energy and Water portion of the report provides $44.6 billion for Department of Energy, Army Corps of Engineers, and the Department of Defense’s nuclear programs. Investments in national security programs help our Nation maintain its strongest possible nuclear deterrence posture, support our Navy’s nuclear powered fleet, and keep nuclear materials out of the hands of terrorists. And the bill also targets an array of energy programs that support our goal of energy independence and directs muchneeded funds to water resources infrastructure across the country. The Military Construction and Veterans Affairs portion of the report totals $98 billion in discretionary funding. This includes the largest dollar amount ever for the Department of Veterans Affairs, $86.5 billion, a substantial investment that will improve access to and quality of care for veterans. Importantly, this also includes additional funding for the VA MISSION Act and will support ongoing care for our veterans through community care centers, caregivers, and other medical services. This funding is provided within the existing discretionary spending caps. Also, the bill provides strong investments for our defense infrastructure and military installations. This will support the rebuilding of our Armed Forces, help counter threats and aggression abroad, and support our troops and military families. The third portion of this conference report includes the Legislative Branch Appropriations bill. This legislation continues the operations of Congress and its support agencies, ensuring that Members of Congress are best able to serve the American people. Within the total of $4.8 billion, provided for both the House and the Senate, funding is prioritized for security and safety within the Capitol complex, including increases for the Capitol Police. The legislation helps the legislative branch improve its functions. Of note, for the first time, we have included dedicated funding for paid internships, which will allow more young Americans and students from all backgrounds to serve Congress. I want to express my deep gratitude to the chairs and ranking members of the three subcommittees who spearheaded this legislation—Energy and Water Chairman SIMPSON of Idaho and Ranking Member KAPTUR of Ohio; Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Chairman CARTER of Texas and Ranking Member WASSERMAN SCHULTZ of Florida; and Legislative Branch Chairman FORTENBERRY of Nebraska and Ranking Member RYAN of Ohio—along with all our conferees. I also want to especially thank Ranking Member LOWEY for her service, support, and friendship throughout many years on the Appropriations Committee. Lastly, I would like to thank our committee’s hardworking professional and associate staff. Over the past months, they have been working without a break to complete negotiations and get this conference report and other reports to the floor. They are a 
remarkable group of men and women, and I salute them. Support for this conference report today indicates that Congress is willing and able to get its work done on behalf of the American people on time, under regular order, and within our set budget limits. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on this conference report, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this threebill minibus, which delivers important victories for the American people. The fiscal year 2019 Energy and Water Development, Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Legislative Branch bill is a bipartisan rejection of President Trump’s extreme budget cuts. It restores $8.1 billion in funding for programs that create jobs and strengthen our economy. Instead of cutting energy efficiency and renewable energy programs within the Department of Energy, as House Republicans proposed, we have increased its funding. That means more resources to develop clean energy technology and accelerate job creation in this growing sector of the economy. And this bill gives an emphatic thumbsdown to President Trump’s proposed elimination of the highly successful ARPAE program, which promotes and funds research and development of advanced energy technology. Turning to the Military ConstructionVeterans Affairs division, I am pleased that the bill provides a second installment of $2 billion for VA infrastructure improvements. And, as more veterans suffer from our country’s devastating opioid epidemic, we are doing right by our veterans by providing $400 million for opioid treatment, prevention, and safety initiatives. We owe a tremendous debt of gratitude to those who have sacrificed for us in our Armed Forces, and we must ensure they receive the benefits and assistance they deserve. Unfortunately, when it comes to the VA MISSION Act, the White House and House Republicans refuse to live up to that sacred trust. Despite the inclusion of nonbinding report language, the legislation before us utterly fails to address the transition of the VA Choice program from mandatory to discretionary spending. It is deeply disappointing that we have been unable to address this issue with a bipartisan, bicameral compromise. Instead, Congress has left behind a shortfall that will lead to cuts to vital domestic programs, including for our veterans. It is now imperative for next year that we find a responsible, longterm solution to protect domestic priorities and veterans’ healthcare. b1500 Finally, I would be remiss if I did not celebrate one of the successes in this bill that is closer to home. I am delighted that we have secured $8.8 million in the new dedicated funding stream for Members’ offices to pay interns. Congressional interns should be reflective of the country we serve. This new funding will help a more diverse range of young people follow their dreams and begin a career in public service. I appreciate the hard work of my friend, Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , and the subcommittee Chairmen SIMPSON , CARTER , and F ORTENBERRY , as well as our Senate counterparts in crafting this compromise. I am grateful for the leadership of Ranking Members MARCY  KAPTUR , T IM RYAN, and D EBBIE  WASSERMAN SCHULTZ fighting on behalf of our priorities for the American people. Of course, I thank the staff on both sides of the aisle who work so very hard night and day to help us deliver this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this minibus, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Idaho (Mr. SIMPSON ), who is the chairman of the Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. 
Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Idaho? There was no objection. Mr. SIMPSON. Mr. Speaker, I will include my complete remarks for the RECORD . Mr. Speaker, I just want to say how thankful I am for Chairman FRELING HUYSEN and Ranking Member L OWEY  for their leadership on this bill, and for all the subcommittee chairmen and ranking members on both sides of the rotunda for the work they have done to complete this bill. Mostly, I want to thank the staff that the chairman has already thanked for the hard work they did. Most people don’t realize that, when we are at home in August, they are here working hard every day, sometimes all night long, trying to come up with a compromise that maintains our House priorities. I think they have done a good job in this. It meets the NDAA requirements that were passed in the House and the Senate, and it meets the requirements of the Nuclear Posture Review and other things. So they have done a great job protecting House priorities. We didn’t get everything we wanted in this bill. The Senate didn’t get everything they wanted in the bill either. That is kind of the nature of a compromise. But this is a good bill. It should pass. It is our first step in restoring regular order, and I want to thank everybody who has been involved in creating this. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the conference report for H.R. 5895, the fiscal year 2019 Energy and Water Development, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act. Before I get into the details of the bill, I would like to thank several Members involved in this effort—my Ranking Member, MARCY  KAPTUR ; our Senate partners, L AMAR ALEXANDER and D IANNE FEINSTEIN ; our full committee leadership, Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN  and Ranking Member LOWEY here in the House and Chairman SHELBY and Ranking Member LEAHY in the Senate; and all the conferees who participated in producing this final product. I’d like to assure my colleagues that the House conferees on this minibus worked diligently to ensure that House priorities were well represented in the final package. The Energy and Water bill totals $44.64 billion, which is $1.44 billion more than last year’s level. Increases over last year are targeted to those areas where they are needed most to provide for our national defense and to support our nation’s infrastructure.5895, the Fiscal Year 2019 ilitary Construction The conference report reflects the House priority of strong support for the Department of Energy’s nuclear weapons security programs, including Weapons Activities, Defense Nuclear Nonproliferation, and Naval Reactors. It aligns with the Administration’s Nuclear Posture Review, or NPR, which calls for maintaining a strong nuclear deterrent to meet the challenges of a changing security environment, revitalizing the nuclear complex, and supporting effective arms control and nonproliferation efforts. Since the NPR was released after the budget submission, the House worked hard to ensure funds above the budget request were included for critical NPR recommendations. Overall funding for the national nuclear security programs totals $15.23 billion—an increase of $560 million above the fiscal year 2018 enacted level and $138 million above the President’s budget request. Within this amount, $65 million is provided to support the NPR’s recommendation to pursue a lower yield ballistic missile warhead to enhance the credibility of our nuclear deterrent and $1.07 billion is provided to address the growing backlog of deferred maintenance and to recapitalize aging nuclear weapons infrastructure. Also within this amount, the budget request for Naval Reactors is fully funded, an increase of $169 million above fiscal year 2018, to support the Navy’s nuclear propulsion program. The conference report provides funding increases across the Department of Energy to defend against cyber attacks and to strengthen energy sector cybersecurity preparedness, response, and recovery. Addressing our nation’s critical infrastructure needs is another House priority strongly reflected in the final conference report. Funding for the Army Corps of Engineers totals $7 billion. Harbor Maintenance activities are funded at $1.55 billion, which is $150 million more than fiscal year 2018. The level exceeds the WRDA annual target and represents 92 percent of estimated revenues compared to the fiscal year 2019 target of 77 percent established in WRRDA 2014. Within the Bureau of Reclamation, the bill provides an additional $343 million for water 
conservation and delivery projects, including $134 million for water storage projects authorized under the WIIN Act and $99 million for rural water projects. The bill advances an ‘‘alloftheabove’’ energy strategy that will support a strong national economy well into the future. Specifically, the bill promotes innovation and growth in nuclear energy, funding research, development, and demonstration activities at $1.2 billion, an increase of $108 million above fiscal year 2018. Research to advance coal, natural gas, oil, and other fossil energy technologies is funded at $740 million. Basic science research funding totals $6.6 billion, $325 million more than last year. Increased funding will advance U.S. leadership in high performance computing and improve science research infrastructure at our national laboratories. Finally, the conference report registers the grave concerns of many Members of Congress over judicial interference in the operation of the Federal Columbia River Power System hydroelectric dams. All in all, this appropriations package, including the Energy and Water division, is a strong bill that incorporates many high priorities of the House. I urge my colleagues to support it. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), who is the ranking member of the Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this threecornered minibus before us. It is really the opening pitch of 12 bills of which we are a part, and it partially funds our Nation’s energy and water development requirements; military construction; the legislative branch; and, of course, programs to serve our Nation’s veterans who put their lives in service to liberty at home and abroad every day. Please let me thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , Ranking Member LOWEY , and our very able subcommittee chair, MIKE SIMPSON , as well as our committee staff for their tireless efforts to bring this first set of appropriation bills over the finish line. Though it is fair to say Republican leaders took the long way to a bipartisan agreement, we now find ourselves passing three appropriations bills before the October 1 deadline of the beginning of the new fiscal year. Something that should not be a momentous occasion has thus turned into one. While I don’t think that our subcommittee deserves a pat on the back for simply doing our job, let me note that this is an achievement we have not seen in many, many years with our bill, Energy and Water Development. This House must move toward regular order again, and this sets the pace. Our specific title contributes to ensuring the critical availability of energy and water for our Nation’s domestic stability, as well as our national security, not just for today, but for the tomorrows to come. America has made enormous strides in increasing our energy independence to close to 90 percent in the short term. No bill is more important than this one in reaching 100 percent independence as the strategic goal for our Nation. But it is not yet time to declare mission accomplished. Future energy security is the ultimate goal we must continue to strive for. The nearly $7 billion in funding also in this bill for the Army Corps of Engineers will ensure continued forward progress across all project areas. The Corps can contribute mightily to infrastructure investment for modernization and job creation across our Nation. The Corps’ role in essential flood control is critical as we watch the approach of Hurricane Florence and we think about navigation and the responsibilities of the Corps, as well as environmental restoration. I am grateful for the chairman’s continued partnership to address the Asian carp threat to our freshwater Great Lakes ecosystem, as well as for funding to keep our Great Lakes ports open to shippers. Our Nation has a wonderful navigation system that drives economic investment and undergirds our essential industrial manufacturing base. This bill makes many other important investments for our Nation, including reversing the misguided cuts to the Office of Energy Efficiency and Renewable Energy in the House bill. The compromise yielded an additional $57 million to sustain the momentum to rapidly falling prices for wind and solar energy as critical to achieving an all oftheabove energy platform. This funding also allows us to continue investing in the Office of Advanced Manufacturing, vehicles technology, and bioenergy. These programs are an investment in clean energy technologies, and they drive our global leadership in innovation and set us on the path for continuing job creation. This bill strongly funds programs that were eliminated in the President’s budget, including weatherization assistance to conserve energy and the pathbreaking office of the Department of Energy’s advanced research, ARPA E, which unlocks science to build our future and the progress that goes with it. Additionally, harmful, controversial policy riders that have no place in this bill were removed. One dealt with the waters of the U.S., and one would interfere with an ongoing judicial process. Both would have seriously hindered passage of this bill. With regard to funding the VA, I am concerned we have set ourselves on a course for another selfinflicted crisis when funding for the VA MISSION Act runs out. Our veterans deserve the best treatment in the world, not to have their care used as a political weapon for partisan gain. Mr. Speaker, again, I thank my colleagues and friends from the committee, Chairmen SIMPSON and FRELINGHUYSEN , and Ranking Member LOWEY , for their persistent leadership for our Nation, and to the Senate for bringing such a good example of bipartisanship, which I hope we can continue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this package. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Nebraska (Mr. FORTENBERRY ), who is the chairman of the Legislative Branch Subcommittee. Mr. FORTENBERRY. Mr. Speaker, first of all, let me thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN for all of his dedicated, hard work on this bill and his leadership through many years of service. We are really grateful for the gentleman’s mentorship and all of his exhaustive efforts to make America truly a much better place. In that regard, Mr. Speaker, while I was on my way over here, I was reflecting on something. The dome of the Capitol that connects our two bodies here continued to be constructed during the Civil War. Abraham Lincoln was encouraged to stop it, given all the other demands of the crises all around him. He refused. He said that, one day, that dome will unify our Nation once again. Here we are with the legislative branch bill. Even though it is the smallest of the appropriations bills, I believe it does capture the richness of the American experience and captures the heart of the narrative of our Nation. In that regard, we have worked very closely, of course, with the former chairman, KEVIN YODER , as well Ranking Member TIMRYAN, as well as the United States Senate to develop a very good bill here. The final product, I believe, is solid and reasonable. The legislative branch division provides about $4.8 billion in funding, and that is a 2.8 percent increase over last year. But the priorities, Mr. Speaker, were placed on security, transparency, and maintaining fiscal responsibility. The bill provides about $1.2 billion for the House of Representatives, which is a 2.7 percent increase. However, it needs to be noted that this is still below funding levels from the year 2010. As the chairman mentioned, this includes $8.8 million for a new account for the compensation of interns, which is a widely agreed upon new initiative, allowing each Member to spend up to $20,000 a year. In the areas of security, about $30 million is going to our Capitol Police to enhance the safety and security of this campus, as well as to protect Members when they are offsite. About $733 million is going to the Architect of the Capitol to ensure safety and security improvements to our historic buildings and to address a growing deferred maintenance list that we have. A particularly new initiative is that we are directing the Architect to design plans for a more welcoming arrival area around the Capitol South Metro Station. Regarding the issue of transparency, there is about $589 million for the Government Accountability Office, which 
will enable them to hire 130 new persons to assist with GAO’s critical oversight work that provides us in Congress accurate, nonpartisan reporting of how taxpayer dollars are being appropriately used. The Congressional Budget Office will also receive a slight increase to be better responsive to Members of Congress. Regarding fiscal responsibility and new initiatives, we have included language supporting the Library of Congress’ visitor experience project, which has the potential to transform how our Library, the Library of America, welcomes the millions of visitors that it receives each year. We expect that this will become a model of publicprivate partnership in the years to come. Finally, I would like to draw attention to the expansion of the popular House Wounded Warrior Program that will now offer 110 2year fellowships for those who have already sacrificed so much for our country and wish to pursue public service here among us. Mr. Speaker, a lot goes on in our Capitol, from the dedicated Capitol Police officers who stand guard around the clock, to the employees of the Architect of the Capitol who work to preserve and maintain this important physical infrastructure, to the IT professionals who have successfully defended our networks from 4.5 billion attempted cyber attacks last year alone, and to the committed staff that is a part of this legislative process. We owe them all. We also, again, are thankful to Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN for his dedicated leadership. I would personally like to wish the gentleman all the best in his future endeavors. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RYAN), who is the ranking member of the Legislative Branch Subcommittee. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, I want to extend my congratulations to my friend from New Jersey for his work on this and so many other issues, and for his constant dedication to this Congress. I also sit on the Defense Appropriations Subcommittee with Congressman FRELINGHUYSEN . I just want to thank the gentleman for his leadership, hard work, and his years of travel around the world to make sure that the men and women in our military are safe and protected and have the equipment that they need. So I thank the gentleman for all his service. I rise in support, Mr. Speaker, of this conference agreement. Once again, we see that the Congress can pass decent legislation when Republicans and Democrats, House and Senate, all work together to reach a bipartisan agreement instead of one party trying to make all the decisions behind closed doors. This bill and these bills reflect that. The bill we are sending to the President’s desk takes care of our veterans; it funds our civilian and military infrastructure and energy needs; and it pays for the operations of the legislative branch institutions essential to our democracy. Almost every agency in the legislative branch division of this bill receives its full budget request. One of the highlights of the bill is the funding for the Government Accountability Office, which works to root out waste, fraud, and abuse governmentwide. With so many safeguards having failed against mismanagement and corruption in our government over the past few years, the GAO is more important than ever. By providing the resources for the GAO to take another step toward restoring its presequestration capacity, we are helping to save taxpayers money and prevent some of the worst abuses of the administration. Another key accomplishment in this measure is the restoration of the dedicated funding for paid internships in the House of Representatives. I also want to thank the gentlewoman from New York and the gentleman from New Jersey for helping make that possible. It has been 25 years since we have had a paid internship program here in the United States Congress. Once more, when a young person from a middle class family comes to Washington, D.C., and desires to enter public service, they can worry a little bit less about the costs here in Washington, D.C., for rent and grocery bills, and compete with other applicants based on merit instead of economic background, which is just a matter of basic fairness. b1515 There are so many other issues. One more, Mr. Speaker, that I would like to mention in this bill is that we have ensured we are doing all we can to address the epidemic of harassment and discrimination that has existed since time immemorial but rightly showed up in the headlines in the last year or two. The Office of Compliance is given over $1.3 million more than last year so they can have the resources to tackle the problem and to handle the increased workload we have given them by expanding their jurisdiction. In the near future, we expect their mission to expand further, and these funds will help them prepare for that. Again, I extend my sincere thanks especially, again, to Chairman FRELING HUYSEN , who is leaving, N ITALOWEY , Chairman FORTENBERRY , Senator DAINES and Senator M URPHY , and so many others. Also, thank you to the staffs on both sides, including Anne Sokolov, Ryan Keating, Adam Berg, Jenny Panone, Tim Monahan, and Reyn Archer, for making this bill possible and, as Congressman SIMPSON said, for the long hours that they have put in over the August recess to make this happen. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CARTER ), chairman of the Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Mr. CARTER of Texas. Mr. Speaker, first, I want to congratulate Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN and Ranking Member LOWEY for their incredible patience and deft negotiating to bring us to this point. I also want to thank Ranking Member DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ  for her rocksolid support and keen analytic eye. I also think we need to remember Mr. Charlie Dent, who retired early from this committee. He was the chairman and had a strong hand in the product that came out here today. I am pleased to describe for my colleagues the good news in the Military ConstructionVA division of the minibus. We are able to provide long overdue support to our military and their family members, with a total of $10.3 billion for military construction, which is an increase of $241 million, or 2.4 percent, above FY18 levels. With that funding, we are able to provide $465.3 million for the Guard and Reserve components’ projects in 20 States and territories, $352 million for two medical facilities, $267.5 million for five DOD schools, and just over $8 billion for military construction projects in the U.S. Members will appreciate that we are able to provide $693.2 million in unfunded requirements requested by the services, which includes $100 million for upgrades for antiterrorism and force protection at military installations. The bill also includes $921.4 million in OCO funding, an increase of $171 million over FY18. Our bill fulfills Congress’ commitment to our Nation’s veterans with total discretionary funding of $86.5 billion for the Department of Veterans Affairs, a $5 billion, or 6.2 percent, increase over 2018. These funds provide important medical services to veterans, to include supporting the new and expanding programs resulting from the recently passed MISSION Act, as well as disability compensation, post9/ 11 education benefits, and a host of insurance and lending programs. Of note, we were able to provide $1.1 billion for the new electronic health record contract, the same record as DOD’s, which will allow the exchange of veterans’ health records with DOD and community providers. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 1 minute. Mr. CARTER of Texas. In addition, consistent with the budget caps agreement, the bill includes $2 billion in medical infrastructure assistance: nonrecurring maintenance, seismic improvement activities, major construction, and minor construction. I urge an ‘‘aye’’ vote on the package. Help us do the right thing for our servicemembers and veterans and their families who have given so much. 
I would also be remiss in not thanking all those involved in the committee work to get this bill forward. I am very grateful we had a conference. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CUELLAR ), a member of the Appropriations Committee. Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the ranking member, Mrs. LOWEY , for yielding and for the wonderful work she has done as our leader in the Appropriations Committee. I certainly want to thank, also, the chairman for his leadership and the bipartisan work that both individuals, Mrs. LOWEY and Mr. F RELINGHUYSEN , have done in working together to make sure we pass this legislation and bring these three bills to the floor. I would like to highlight a couple of things that some Members have included. First of all, on the MILCONVA, we are talking about a $5 billion increase. My friend from Texas (Mr. CARTER ) and Ms. DEBBIE WASSERMAN SCHULTZ have worked together in a bipartisan way. There is $86.5 billion for the Department of Veterans Affairs, which includes funding for mental health services, modernizing the VA’s health record system, and addressing the claims backlog that every Member knows has been so difficult. So that extra $5 billion is going to do a lot to help the veterans. There is also $10.3 billion for military construction projects that will support our troops and our freedom at home. I know that in my part of San Antonio, San Antonio’s Military USA, this is an important type of assistance. Certainly, we have $1.3 billion for telehealth. This amount is $30 million above what we just provided earlier this year. This will further expand the telehealth capacity to rural areas. There is also $206 million for suicide prevention outreach for veterans. Again, whether it is this or the Energy and Water bill—and I see the two leaders over here, the chairman of the Subcommittee on Appropriations— these are monies that will be helpful to the San Antonio area for flood mitigation or even for Corpus Christi to improve the channel project that will make sure that they will be able to handle the capacity to export petroleum products, which is a $13 million increase. Again, I want to say thank you to everybody working together in a bipartisan way. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY ). Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, since coming to Congress, I have made it a priority to ensure that our men and women in uniform are prepared for success once their military service ends. The members of our Armed Forces serve and sacrifice for this Nation. We have a moral obligation to help them thrive when they transition to the civilian world. That is why I am so pleased the final version of this bill includes the bipartisan amendment I coauthored to increase funding for the Wounded Warrior Program. This initiative places disabled veterans in paid, 2year fellowships in House offices, providing them with potentially lifechanging opportunities for professional and personal growth. It also enables Members of Congress to better serve the American people, because veterans can use the unique skills they gain in the military to improve public policy and help constituents. I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to support this bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENEGREEN ). Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act. In an era of partisanship, bipartisan legislation like this bill is sorely needed. A little over a year ago, Houston was devastated by Hurricane Harvey. Recovering from a storm of that magnitude doesn’t happen in a single year. The Houston ship channel is still in need of dredging just to return to the authorized depth that we were at before the storm hit. That is why bills like this one are so important. In this legislation, the Army Corps of Engineers will receive just under $7 billion, $171.5 million above the 2018 enacted level. The Army Corps works hand in hand with local organizations like the Port of Houston and Harris County Flood Control in our district to repair damage from previous storms and mitigate future risk. It is essential that we fund the corps at an adequate level that ensures that we are constructing projects that limit future damage, not just repair the damage already there. I am pleased to see that funding levels have increased in this year’s bill, but more needs to be done. This issue is not a partisan one and affects districts far and wide. I am also pleased to see that the harbor maintenance trust fund will receive $1.55 billion, $149 million over the 2018 allocation and $584 million above the request. Ports are the economic drivers are our country. At the Port of Houston, we had drafting restrictions that affected safety and commerce for months because of Hurricane Harvey. While I am pleased that we are increasing the allocated money this year, there is still an injustice that needs to be corrected with the harbor maintenance trust fund. Around $1.8 billion in harbor maintenance tax is collected every year through port user fees. When Congress enacted this fund, it intended to use the revenue to ensure that no port would be in need of dredging and that the people who use the port have a hand in funding the maintenance. It is essential that, in future years, Congress rectifies this issue and ensures that all money collected from usage of our ports goes directly to funding their maintenance, generating further economic activity. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act. In an era partisanship, bipartisan legislation like this bill is sorely needed. A little over a year ago, Houston was devastated by Hurricane Harvey. Recovery from a storm of that magnitude doesn’t happen in a single year. The Houston ship channel is still in need of dredging just to return to the authorized depth that we were at before the storm hit. That is why bills like this one are so important. In this legislation, the Army Corps of Engineers will receive just under $7 billion, $171.5 million above the 2018 enacted level. The Army Corps works hand in hand with local organizations like the Port and Harris County Flood Control in our district to repair damage from previous storms and mitigate future risk. It is essential that we fund the Corps at an adequate level that ensures that we are constructing projects that limit future damage, not just repair the damage already there. I am pleased to see that funding levels have increased in this year’s bill, but more needs to be done. This issue is not a partisan one and affects districts far and wide. I am also pleased to see that the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund will receive $1.55 billion, $149 million over the 2018 allocation and $584 million above the request. Ports are the economic drivers of the country. At the Port of Houston we had drafting restrictions that affected safety and commerce for months after Harvey. While I am pleased that we are increasing the allocated money this year, there is still an injustice that needs to be corrected with the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund. Around $1.8 billion in Harbor Maintenance Tax is collected every year through port user fees. When Congress enacted this fund it intended to use the revenue to ensure that no port would be in need of dredging and that the people who use the port have a hand in funding the maintenance. It is essential that in future years Congress rectifies this issue and ensures that all money collected from the usage of our ports goes directly to funding their maintenance, generating further economic activity. While there is work still to be done, this bill moves the ball forward and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I would like to thank Mrs. LOWEY for our close working relationship of well over 24 years. I would like to take the opportunity to thank all the ranking members who put this package together here, the remarkable men and women who make up our professional staff on the Appropriations Committee, and our personal staff who dedicated most of their August, part of July, and certainly this part of September to doing the work of 
the people. I am enormously grateful to all of them for their hard work and their dedication. Mr. Speaker, I salute my colleague, Mrs. LOWEY , and all members and staff for their work. Particularly, I’d like to thank: Nancy Fox, Maureen Holohan, Shannon O’Keefe, Jason Gray, Marta Hernandez, Tammy Hughes, Rachel Kahler, Parker Van de Water, and Tom Doelp in the Front Office; Angie Giancarlo, Loraine Heckenberg, Perry Yates, and Amy Murphy on the Energy and Water Subcommittee; Sue Quantius; Sarah Young; and Kiya Batmanglidj from the MilCon/ VA Subcommittee; Jenny Panone and Tim Monahan from the Legislative Branch Subcommittee. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would like to thank my friend, Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN . It has been far too long since multiple spending bills were enacted prior to the start of the fiscal year. It is a testament to the chairman’s leadership that we are set to clear three today, and I hope we send at least one more package to the President before the end of the month. Additionally, I would like to thank the staff for their tireless efforts, particularly Adam Berg, Jaime Shimek, Matt Washington, and the majority staff, including clerks Jenny Panone, Sue Quantius, and Angie Giancarlo Clark. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes,’’ and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. DEFAZIO. Mr. Speaker, today, I voted in support of the Conference Report for H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act of 2019. The legislation includes several provisions that I strongly support, including nearly $7 billion for the Army Corps of Engineers. Specifically, this legislation provides $1.55 billion, $149 million above the 2018 enacted level, to Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund projects to ensure that critical harbor and port projects receive the funding they need. It also includes $86.5 billion for the Department of Veterans Affairs, including $8.6 billion for mental health, $348 million for opioid treatment and prevention, and $206 million for suicide prevention programs. Despite funding these vital programs, I have concerns with a number of provisions included in the Conference Report. This legislation authorizes more than $97 billion, including $921 million to the Overseas Contingency Operations (OCO) fund, an account which is not counted in the budget and is not paid for. It adds to the deficit and is used as a slush fund by the Pentagon. Unlike every other federal agency, the Department of Defense (DOD) has yet to complete a financial audit; taxpayers deserve to know how the biggest bureaucracy in the federal government spends their money. Additionally, the bill prohibits the closing of Guantanamo Bay, which costs more than $100 million each year to house 41 prisoners and has been used as a top recruiting tool by terrorists. The bottom line is that the prison has been a black eye for the United States, has eroded relationships with our allies, undermined U.S. missions abroad, and put U.S. citizens and our troops at risk of retaliation. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I rise to express my support for funding appropriated to the Office of Compliance contained within the Conference Report to Accompany H.R. 5895. This important funding will support efforts to the ongoing reform of the Congressional Accountability Act to better enable legislative branch offices and agencies to receive proper training regarding workplace conduct. I strongly oppose slush fund settlements being paid out with taxpayer dollars, and I am pleased that no funding contained in this bill will go towards money for settlements. I appreciate the work of the Conference Committee in getting this critical funding included in this appropriations package. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 1059, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the conference report. Pursuant to clause 10 of rule XX, the yeas and nays are ordered. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on adoption of the conference report will be followed by a 5minute vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 377, nays 20, not voting 31, as follows: [Roll No. 399] YEAS—377 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Crowley Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Dunn Emmer Engel Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Rice (NY) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walorski Walters, Mimi Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Barton Biggs Brooks (AL) Buck Davidson Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Garrett Harris Hollingsworth Labrador Lieu, Ted Massie McClintock Perry Schakowsky Sensenbrenner Shimkus Walker 
Adams Blackburn Butterfield Cleaver Ellison Eshoo Gohmert Gottheimer Hice, Jody B. Holding Jenkins (WV) Jones Lofgren Maloney, Sean Nolan Norman Payne Pearce 
Pelosi Pittenger Price (NC) Renacci Rice (SC) Richmond Rooney, Thomas J. Rouzer Sanford Speier Taylor Walz Wasserman Schultz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. CLEAVER. Mr. Speaker, I regrettably missed votes on Thursday, September 13, 2018. I had intended to vote ‘‘yes’’ on rollcall vote 399. 
Mr. TAYLOR. Mr. Speaker, due to the anticipated impact of Hurricane Florence I will miss the votes. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 397, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 398, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 399. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
b1600 DIRECTING THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES TO MAKE A CORRECTION IN THE ENROLLMENT OF H.R. 5895 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the concurrent resolution (S. Con. Res. 46) directing the Clerk of the House of Representatives to make a correction in the enrollment of H.R. 5895, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the concurrent resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New Jersey? There was no objection. The text of the concurrent resolution is as follows: 
S. C ON. RES. 46 Resolved by the Senate (the House of Representatives concurring), That, in the enrollment of the bill H.R. 5895, the Clerk of the House of Representatives shall make the following correction to the title so as to read: ‘‘Making consolidated appropriations for Energy and Water Development, the Legislative Branch, Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes.’’. The concurrent resolution was concurred in. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANTITERRORISM CLARIFICATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (S. 2946) to amend title 18, United States Code, to clarify the meaning of the terms ‘‘act of war’’ and ‘‘blocked asset’’, and for other purposes, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2946 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘AntiTerrorism Clarification Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. CLARIFICATION OF THE TERM ‘‘ACT OF WAR’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2331 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) the term ‘military force’ does not include any person that— ‘‘(A) has been designated as a— ‘‘(i) foreign terrorist organization by the Secretary of State under section 219 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1189); or ‘‘(ii) specially designated global terrorist (as such term is defined in section 594.310 of title 31, Code of Federal Regulations) by the Secretary of State or the Secretary of the Treasury; or ‘‘(B) has been determined by the court to not be a ‘military force’.’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any civil action pending on or commenced after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2333 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting at the end following: ‘‘(e) USE OF BLOCKED ASSETS TO SATISFY  JUDGMENTS OF U.S. N ATIONALS .—For pur poses of section 201 of the Terrorism Risk Insurance Act of 2002 (28 U.S.C. 1610 note), in any action in which a national of the United States has obtained a judgment against a terrorist party pursuant to this section, the term ‘blocked asset’ shall include any asset of that terrorist party (including the blocked assets of any agency or instrumentality of that party) seized or frozen by the United States under section 805(b) of the Foreign Narcotics Kingpin Designation Act (21 U.S.C. 1904(b)).’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to any judgment entered before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 4. CONSENT OF CERTAIN PARTIES TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2334 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) CONSENT OF CERTAIN PARTIES TO PERSONAL JURISDICTION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), for purposes of any civil action under section 2333 of this title, a defendant shall be deemed to have consented to personal jurisdiction in such civil action if, regardless of the date of the occurrence of the act of international terrorism upon which such civil action was filed, the defendant— ‘‘(A) after the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, accepts— ‘‘(i) any form of assistance, however provided, under chapter 4 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2346 et seq.); ‘‘(ii) any form of assistance, however provided, under section 481 of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2291) for international narcotics control and law enforcement; or ‘‘(iii) any form of assistance, however provided, under chapter 9 of part II of the Foreign Assistance Act of 1961 (22 U.S.C. 2349bb et seq.); or ‘‘(B) in the case of a defendant benefiting from a waiver or suspension of section 1003 of the AntiTerrorism Act of 1987 (22 U.S.C. 5202) after the date that is 120 days after the date of enactment of this subsection— ‘‘(i) continues to maintain any office, headquarters, premises, or other facilities or establishments within the jurisdiction of the United States; or ‘‘(ii) establishes or procures any office, headquarters, premises, or other facilities or establishments within the jurisdiction of the United States. ‘‘(2) APPLICABILITY .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any defendant who ceases to engage in the conduct described in paragraphs (1)(A) and (1)(B) for 5 consecutive calendar years.’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of enactment of this Act. 
The bill was ordered to be read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
FEDERAL POWER ACT AMENDMENT Mr. WALBERG. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 1109) to amend section 203 of the Federal Power Act, with the Senate amendment thereto, and concur in the Senate amendment. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the Senate amendment. The Clerk read as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
Section 203(a)(1) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824b(a)(1)) is amended by striking subparagraph (B) and inserting the following: ‘‘(B) merge or consolidate, directly or indirectly, its facilities subject to the jurisdiction of 
the Commission, or any part thereof, with the facilities of any other person, or any part thereof, that are subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission and have a value in excess of $10,000,000, by any means whatsoever;’’. 
Section 203(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824b(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7)(A) Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this paragraph, the Commission shall promulgate a rule requiring any public utility that is seeking to merge or consolidate, directly or indirectly, its facilities subject to the jurisdiction of the Commission, or any part thereof, with those of any other person, to notify the Commission of such transaction not later than 30 days after the date on which the transaction is consummated if— ‘‘(i) the facilities, or any part thereof, to be acquired are of a value in excess of $1,000,000; and ‘‘(ii) such public utility is not required to secure an order of the Commission under paragraph (1)(B). ‘‘(B) In establishing any notification requirement under subparagraph (A), the Commission shall, to the maximum extent practicable, minimize the paperwork burden resulting from the collection of information.’’. 
The amendment made by section 1 shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission shall submit to Congress a report that assesses the effects of the amendment made by section 1. (b) REQUIREMENTS .—In preparing the report under subsection (a), the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission shall— (1) take into account any information collected under paragraph (7) of section 203(a) of the Federal Power Act (16 U.S.C. 824b(a)) (as added by section 2); and (2) provide for public notice and comment with respect to the report. 
Mr. WALBERG (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the original request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
HAROLD D. M CCRAW, SR., POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 606) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1025 Nevin Avenue in Richmond, California, as the ‘‘Harold D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Building’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 606 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. HAROLD D. MCCRAW, SR., POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1025 Nevin Avenue in Richmond, California, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Harold D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Building’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Harold D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Building’’. 
Mr. D ESAULNIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 606, a bill to designate the United States Post Office at 1025 Nevin Avenue in Richmond, California as the ‘‘Harold D. McCraw, Sr., Post Office Building.’’ Harold D. McCraw, Sr. began working for the Richmond Post Office in 1956 as a Career Substitute Carrier, and worked in various supervisory positions during his tenure of more than 45 years. From the time of his appointment as Officer inCharge of Richmond in August of 1973, Harold was active in the National Association of Postmasters of the United States (NAPUS). He began with the East Bay Chapter and served in the state chapter as Area Director, Chapter Secretary Chapter President, and Chairman of the 1989 National Convention held in San Francisco. Harold served NAPUS at the national level as Western Region Liaison Officer, EEO Committee Chairman, Advisory Board Member, and Postmasters Representative. In January 1988, assumed the office of National Vice President for Area 22. Harold also served as the Editor of the state publication, The California Postmaster, and of the national publication, Postmasters Gazette. In addition to serving the community in his job as Richmond Postmaster, Mr. McCraw also served on various boards and commissions. He served as a member of the Board of Directors of the Greater Richmond Community Social Services Corp., where he facilitated the development of a childcare facility that has expanded to five locations and cares for hundreds of children. Harold also helped bring about great change in the Richmond area through his service a member of the Richmond Management Service Corp and the Greater Richmond Housing Corp., which established housing projects and expanded retail space for small businesses in the area. The post office on Nevin Avenue has operated as Richmond’s main post office since 1938. The building is located in the heart of downtown and is a driver of the city’s economy. During World War II it served as an air raid shelter, and to this day remains a landmark and meeting point for community residents. It is also a classic example of Art Deco architecture that is an essential piece of Richmond history and culture. I am honored to name the post office in Richmond, California after Harold, a man who dedicated his life to the United States Post Office and the Richmond Committee. I would like to thank Chairman GOWDY and Ranking Member CUMMINGS for their support of this legislation. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
SGT. MAJ. WARDELL B. TURNER POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 4913) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 816 East Salisbury Parkway in Salisbury, Maryland, as the ‘‘Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Office Building’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4913 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. SGT. MAJ. WARDELL B. TURNER POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 816 East Salisbury Parkway in Salisbury, Maryland, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Office Building’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Office Building’’. 
Mr. HARRIS. Mr. Speaker, today the House will pass H.R. 4913, renaming the Salisbury, Maryland Post Office, the ‘‘Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Office Building’’ In honor of Sgt. Maj. Wardell Turner who was killed in action in Afghanistan. Mr. Speaker, this legislation honors the memory of a fellow serviceman, devoted husband, loving father and valorous soldier. It is my sincere hope that the designation of this post office in Sergeant Turner’s name will help our community on the Eastern Shore, and our country, celebrate and remember the legacy of service and sacrifice left behind by this true American hero. Sergeant Turner was a local legend on Maryland’s Eastern Shore. He graduated from Bennett High School in Salisbury, Maryland in 1984 where he was a standout fullback and middle linebacker. He helped lead the Bennett High School Clippers to backtoback undefeated seasons and state titles in 1982 and 1983. His leadership and ability earned him an athletic scholarship from Towson University. He was a fouryear letter winner and in 1989, graduated with a bachelor’s degree in management. Years later, in 2011, he would earn his master’s degree in criminal justice from Central Missouri State University. In 1991 he married his wife, Katherine, whom he met at a New Year’s Eve dance on the Eastern Shore of Maryland. In 1993, looking for an opportunity to serve, he enlisted in the Army. According to those closest to him, the Army was more than just a career, it was a calling. 
His military career took him across the United States and to bases in Germany and South Korea. While in Germany, Wardell Turner was recognized for saving a young woman’s life as she attempted to jump off a bridge. He was later deployed to Bosnia in the 1990’s and then to Iraq in 2003. He served in military police units beginning in 1993, most recently with the 720th Police Battalion based at Fort Hood, Texas. Earning the Bronze Star, the Purple Heart, and other Meritorious Service Medals along the way, he steadily climbed the enlisted ranks and was promoted to Sgt. Maj. in 2013. Sgt. Maj. Turner was assigned to the headquarters of the U.S. Army Garrison at Fort Drum in New York when he was sent to Afghanistan in July of 2014 during Operation Enduring Freedom. There he served as the senior enlisted advisor for the Combined Security Transition CommandAfghanistan in Kabul whose primary mission was the training of Afghan security forces. Sgt. Maj. Turner had planned for this to be his last deployment, hoping to retire in a year or so and spend more time with his family. Those that knew him described him as highly organized and a devoted family man. Prior to his death, just before Thanksgiving, he had found time to gather and ship Christmas gifts to his family back home. According to his wife, Katherine, despite his being unable to be home for the holidays, these gifts, and the effort he made to make sure they arrived on time, highlighted just how much his family meant to him, and him to them. Sergeant Turner was killed on November, 24, 2014, when his convoy was hit by an IED while on patrol in Eastern Kabul. Sergeant Turner’s son, Devin Turner, who was also enlisted in the Army and was deployed to Afghanistan at the time, planned to share Thanksgiving with his father. Tragically, he was informed a few days before the holiday that his father had been killed. Specialist Turner escorted his father’s casket home. After his father’s funeral, Specialist Turner, despite his loss, returned to Afghanistan to finish his tour. According to Devin, his father would have supported his decision to return to duty and didn’t believe in leaving your business unfinished. Sgt. Maj. Turner was laid to rest at Arlington National Cemetery in January of 2015. Members of his family say that they found peace in his sacrifice knowing he died doing what he loved . . . serving his country. Sgt. Maj. Wardell Turner has left a lasting legacy in our community. In 2016 Towson University created the ‘‘Wardell Turner Scholarship’’ to be awarded annually to a defensive back on the football team that is in good academic standing and demonstrates the qualities and attributes exemplified by Mr. Turner. Those enumerated qualities include leadership, selfless service, and commitment. Last year, friends, family and high school teammates gathered at the Wicomico Presbyterian Church to retire his Bennett High School jersey and to celebrate his life and his military service. During the ceremony, Mayor Jake Day of Salisbury, Maryland proclaimed October 28, 2017, as ‘‘Sgt. Maj, Wardell Turner Day’’. His legacy survives and continues with his five children, Shayla, Quinton, Devin, Wardell II, Xavier, several grandchildren, and his devoted wife, Katherine. Mr. Speaker, Sgt. Maj. Wardell Turner is a true American hero. His life of courage and service provides an example for us all. It is my pleasure to offer this bill to rename the Salisbury post office the Sgt. Maj. Wardell B. Turner Post Office building. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation that honors one of the Eastern Shore’s favorite sons. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CAPTAIN JOSHUA E. STEELE POST OFFICE Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5737) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West D Street in Alpha, Illinois, as the ‘‘Captain Joshua E. Steele Post Office’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5737 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 West D Street in Alpha, Illinois, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Captain Joshua E. Steele Post Office’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Captain Joshua E. Steele Post Office’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
BILL HARRIS POST OFFICE Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5868) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 Claremont Avenue in Ashland, Ohio, as the ‘‘Bill Harris Post Office’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5868 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 Claremont Avenue in Ashland, Ohio, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Bill Harris Post Office’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Bill Harris Post Office’’. 
Mr. GIBBS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to offer legislation to honor a good man, a faithful public servant, a veteran, and a friend to the people of the great state of Ohio by renaming the Post Office in Ashland, Ohio after former Ohio Senate President, Bill Harris. Bill served our nation as a United States Marine for 23 years. He completed tours of duty in the Korean and Vietnam Wars. His actions led to him being awarded the Bronze Star twice and the Vietnam Medal of Honor. He rose to the rank of Major and retired in 1977. Shortly thereafter, Bill found himself moving to Ashland, Ohio and opening a car dealership. It is still run by the Harris family. Bill was an active member of his community, serving as chairman of the Ashland Area Chamber of Commerce and was a member of the Board for the Ashbrook Center at Ashland University. I got to know Bill when we served in the Ohio legislature together. While he was in the Senate, I served in the House. Bill was Ohio Senate President when he led them to enact major reforms to Ohio’s tax code. He also had a passion for making Ohio’s higher education system better and more affordable. But I also got to know Bill on a personal level. After Bill broke his leg slipping on ice in 2009, he was unable to drive. Since I lived the closest to him, I drove him down to Columbus while he was recovering. We spent many hours talking, sometimes about politics and state government, but mostly about family and life. He told me stories and imparted his wisdom on those drives from Ashland to Columbus and back. Bill Harris dedicated his life to his family and friends, his community and country. I offer this legislation as a way to honor Bill’s legacy and recognize his achievements. I ask for my colleagues’ support of this bill to rename the Post Office in Bill’s hometown of Ashland after him as thanks for his commitment to Ashland, the State of Ohio, and to America. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
LOGAN S. PALMER POST OFFICE Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5935) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1355 North Meridian Road in Harristown, Illinois, as the ‘‘Logan S. Palmer Post Office’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5935 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1355 North Meridian Road in Harristown, Illinois, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Logan S. Palmer Post Office’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Logan S. Palmer Post Office’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SERGEANT DONALD BURGETT POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6020) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 325 South Michigan Avenue in Howell, Michigan, as the ‘‘Sergeant Donald Burgett Post Office Building’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6020 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 325 South Michigan Avenue in Howell, Michigan, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Sergeant Donald Burgett Post Office Building’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Sergeant Donald Burgett Post Office Building’’. 
Mr. BISHOP of Michigan. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of my legislation, H R. 6020, a bill to rename the Howell Post Office after a local, and really a national, hero: Sergeant Donald Burgett. Mr. Donald Burgett was born in Detroit, Michigan on April 25, 1925. On his 18th birthday he followed in his brother’s footsteps and joined the Army. He joined the newly formed paratroop company and became a member of the famous 101st Airborne. Assigned to A Company, he fought in battles throughout the European Theatre. His story is quite simply amazing. He dropped over 12 miles away from his drop zone at just after one in the morning. He fought in the battle at Ravenoville in a little village along the coast of Normandy, where he was among the group of Americans that liberated the first village in Europe—and this was all before sunrise that day. From there, he fought in battles all down the coastline, being attacked by the Germans at every turn and even being attacked by Russian cavalry at one point on his way to Carentan where he was wounded twice in action. After surviving Normandy, Mr. Burgett went on to fight in Operation MarketGraden in Holland and survive the bitterly cold siege of Bastogne during the Battle of the Bulge. Sergeant Burgett returned to the States on January 1, 1946—at the age of just 20 years old. After the war, Sergeant Burgett picked up flying, became a pilot and visited all the states in his own plane. He married his wife in 1953, and they had 5 children which they raised in Howell, MI. He was a very active member of his community, including extensive service with the VFW, American Legion, and Disabled American Veterans. He authored four books which gave firsthand accounts of the paratroopers’ experience in WWII. The first of that series was ‘‘Currahee!: A Screaming Eagle at Normandy’’, which was endorsed by President Dwight D. Eisenhower. He also wrote ‘‘The Road to Arnhem: A Screaming Eagle in Holland’’, ‘‘Seven Roads to Hell: A Screaming Eagle at Bastogne’’, and ‘‘Beyond the Rhine: A Screaming Eagle in Germany’’. Mr. Burgett passed away on March 23, 2017, at the age of 91. As a lifelong Michigander, Mr. Burgett was truly a member of the ‘‘Greatest Generation’’ and he spent a great deal of time making sure the efforts of his comrades would be known and remembered. I ask all my colleagues to join me in honoring his life and his service to the country by making sure his name and legacy lives on in his community. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
COLONEL ALFRED ASCH POST OFFICE Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 6116) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 362 North Ross Street in Beaverton, Michigan, as the ‘‘Colonel Alfred Asch Post Office’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6116 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 362 North Ross Street in Beaverton, Michigan, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Colonel Alfred Asch Post Office’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Colonel Alfred Asch Post Office’’. 
The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed, and a motion to reconsider was laid on the table. JUDGE RUSSELL B. SUGARMON POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5349) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1320 Autumn Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5349 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. JUDGE RUSSELL B. SUGARMON POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1320 Autumn Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building’’. 
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
SECTION 1. JUDGE RUSSELL B. SUGARMON POST OFFICE BUILDING. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1325 Autumn Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building’’. 
Mr. RUSSELL (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. Mr. COHEN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this body’s action to pass HR. 5439, a bill I introduced to designate the U.S. Postal Office at 1320 Autumn Ave. Memphis, Tennessee as the ‘‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office.’’ I want to thank my colleagues from the Tennessee House delegation, Representatives ROE, D UNCAN , F LEISCHMANN , D ESJARLAIS , COOPER , BLACK , BLACKBURN , and K USTOFF , all of whom cosponsored this legislation honoring a great American. I also want to thank Chairman GOWDY and Ranking Member C UMMINGS  for reporting this bill favorably out of the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 
Born in Memphis, Tennessee in 1929, Judge Russell B. Sugarmon is heralded for his contributions to the City of Memphis and his work to reverse the tide of racism in Tennessee, paving the way for future black leaders in the area and inspiring their efforts to increase their representation in elected, Democratic bodies. Working alongside notable Memphis pioneers and leaders in the fight for racial justice and equality, Judge Sugarmon was instrumental in using the courts to desegregate public transportation, restaurants and public facilities and the desegregation of Memphis public schools. As a trailblazer for AfricanAmericans in public office and a leader in the Civil Rights Movement, it is only fitting that we enshrine our recognition of Judge Sugarmon’s contributions to the City of Memphis and the African American community by naming the 1320 Autumn Ave. Post Office in Memphis, Tennessee in honor of his legacy. I thank my colleagues in the House for voting to pass this measure honoring Judge Russell B. Sugarmon, an exemplary American and titan of his time. I urge my colleagues in the Senate to quickly take up this bill and send the legislation to the President’s desk. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1325 Autumn Avenue in Memphis, Tennessee, as the ‘Judge Russell B. Sugarmon Post Office Building’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
VEL R. PHILLIPS POST OFFICE BUILDING Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform be discharged from further consideration of the bill (H.R. 5784) to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, as the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building’’, and ask for its immediate consideration in the House. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5784 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther King Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building’’. AMENDMENT OFFERED BY MR . RUSSELL  
Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I have an amendment at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the amendment. The Clerk read as follows: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, shall be known and designated as the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Any reference in a law, map, regulation, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the facility referred to in subsection (a) shall be deemed to be a reference to the ‘‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building’’. 
Mr. RUSSELL (during the reading). Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to dispense with the reading. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. The amendment was agreed to. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, was read the third time, and passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2650 North Doctor Martin Luther King Jr. Drive in Milwaukee, Wisconsin, shall be known and designated as the ‘Vel R. Phillips Post Office Building’.’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
GENERAL LEAVE Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 606, H.R. 4913, H.R. 5737, H.R. 5868, H.R. 5935, H.R. 6020, H.R. 6116, H.R. 5349, and H.R. 5784. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 2018, TO MONDAY, SEPTEMBER 17, 2018 Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 1 p.m. on Monday, September 17, 2018. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. 
HONORING THE SERVICE OF KENNETH PALMER (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, this September marks Kenneth Palmer’s 60th anniversary as a member of the Mohawk Fire Department. A courageous fighter, a teacher, and a survivor of quadruple bypass surgery, Ken has inspired our community through his deep passion for service. Ken has left his mark on firefighters and first responders in Herkimer County through his leadership as the Mohawk Fire Chief, Department Training Officer, president and vice president of the Herkimer County Fire Chiefs Association, Chaplain for the Mohawk and Newport Fire Departments, and Chief Fire Chaplain for New York State. Now, even at the age of 80, Ken remains ready for the fire alarm to sound. But his journey hasn’t always been easy. On February 25, 2000, Ken underwent successful quadruple bypass surgery. Despite the hardships he endured during this stressful time, Ken had a strong support system. He often credits his beautiful wife, Sharon, and so many family members and friends praying for him from New York to California during his enduring struggle. Now, as a Red Cap Ambassador for the American Heart Association, Ken provides compassionate support to others suffering from heart disease and heartrelated illnesses. Mr. Speaker, it is my distinct honor to recognize a dear friend, Kenneth Palmer, such a strong force for good, who has risked so much to protect our families. I ask all my colleagues here today to join our community in extending our gratitude to Kenneth Palmer for his incredible 60 years of service. f 
INDICTMENT OF NORTH KOREAN HACKER PARK JIN HYOK (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, last week, the Justice Department unveiled the latest in a string of criminal complaints against America’s cyber adversaries. The extremely detailed document lays out a damning case against Park Jin Hyok, a North Korean hacker, and the regime that supports him. From the Sony Pictures Entertainment hack to WannaCry to attempts to undermine the global financial system, the North Korean regime is a destabilizing presence in cyberspace. I commend the members of the law enforcement community who are working this case. Mr. Speaker, cyberspace is often thought of as a domain where bad actors can act with impunity. This indictment shows that this is not the case. America is getting more and more sophisticated at being able to track down and unveil and unmask these cyber bad actors. 
To those who would attempt to target our networks and systems, I have a message for you: We will find you. Malign activity in cyberspace that targets critical infrastructure or causes immense property damage is not the behavior of responsible nations, and we will not tolerate it. 
b1615 THE ONEMINUTE STORY OF A ONEYEAROLD (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, this is the 1minute story of Kelly Dore. Kelly’s biological father began trafficking her for sex in the first year of her life. The evildoer continued to do so for 14 years. Kelly spent her childhood in a living hell most of us cannot even contemplate. Her kindergarten memories are not of playtime and story time; instead, they consisted of hiding in the bathroom because the repeated trauma caused uncontrollable bleeding. The evildoer threatened to kill Kelly’s mother if Kelly ever told. At 14 years, Kelly liberated herself from this depravity by testifying against her father in a courtroom. Miraculously, she not only survived the ordeal, but she became an advocate. Today, Kelly works to strengthen trafficking laws, giving an inspirational voice for victims of human trafficking like her. No child should ever have to go through what Kelly went through. Congress must join Kelly in the fight against the buying and selling of our children on the marketplace of sex trafficking. And that is just the way it is. 
SYRIA (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, 2 days ago, President Trump and Vice President PENCE delivered solemn speeches about the attacks on 9/11, talking about how much they care about the victims of alQaida’s attack on our country, but they are now standing up to protect the 20,000 to 40,000 alQaida and other jihadist forces in Syria, threatening Russia, Syria, and Iran with military force if they dare attack these terrorists. This is a betrayal of the American people, especially the victims of al Qaida’s attack on 9/11 and their families, first responders, and to my brothers and sisters in uniform who have been killed or wounded in action and their families. For the President, who is Commander in Chief, to act as the protective big brother of alQaida and other jihadists must be condemned by every Member of Congress. HEALTHSOUTH’S 35TH ANNIVERSARY (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize HealthSouth Nittany Valley Rehabilitation Hospital on 35 years of excellence in rehabilitation care. HealthSouth is a rehabilitation hospital in Pleasant Gap, Pennsylvania, that offers comprehensive inpatient and outpatient rehabilitation services designed to return patients to leading active and independent lives. Mr. Speaker, I know firsthand the dedicated work these highly skilled professionals perform each day at HealthSouth. Before coming to Congress, I worked for 30 years as a therapist, a rehabilitation services director, and a licensed nursing home administrator. There is no greater joy than to see your patients make progress after a debilitating event such as a stroke, a spinal cord injury, a brain injury, or a motor vehicle accident. HealthSouth is fortunate to be led by Chief Executive Officer Susan Hartman, a longtime rehabilitation professional who joined HealthSouth in 1994 and was named CEO in 2005. I congratulate CEO Hartman and the entire staff at HealthSouth on 35 years of dedicated service to the community. They are committed to providing patients with comfort, professionalism, and respect throughout their rehabilitation experience, and we are grateful for their high level of care. f 
VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN ACT (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to act to reauthorize and extend the Violence Against Women Act. Enacted back in 1994, the Violence Against Women Act has provided invaluable support and resources to women impacted by domestic violence across Minnesota and across our country. It has funded hundreds of thousands of dollars in grants to groups like the Minnesota Coalition Against Sexual Assault, and Cornerstone Advocacy Services, which provides counseling and therapy services to victims. The Violence Against Women Act, Mr. Speaker, is critical to preventing domestic violence and sexual assault and helping victims get the treatment and justice they deserve. I have authored a provision that has been included in past reauthorizations. For decades the Violence Against Women Act has been reauthorized with strong bipartisan support, but it expires at the end of this month, and I urge my colleagues in joining me in calling for its extension, because victims of domestic violence are counting on it. f 
VIOLENCE AGAINST WOMEN ACT (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, over the last 2 years, members of the Judiciary Committee and my committee, the Criminal Justice Subcommittee, which I serve as the ranking member, have worked extensively with groups all over the Nation to reauthorize the Violence Against Women Act, and we have done so in a bipartisan and nonpartisan manner. The bill is written. It was introduced on July—just a month ago—26, 2018. Victims are waiting for the reauthorization that will improve the Violence Against Women Act. In fact, law enforcement are waiting, victims are waiting, those who have experienced sexual assault and sexual harassment. And I would just tell my friends on the other side of the aisle, Republican leadership needs to put that bill on the floor of the House and put it on the floor now. Again, this is not a partisan bill. It has been crafted and supported by faith organizations and advocacy groups for women and victims. It is supported by law enforcement. So, Mr. Speaker, we can do our job and we should do our job. When we come back from our recess that we work in our districts, let us put on the floor the Violence Against Women Act and let’s vote for it now. 
CONDEMNING IRAN’S PERSECUTION OF MEMBERS OF THE BAHA’I FAITH (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 274, which was introduced by my colleague, Ms. ILEANA ROSLEHTINEN . This legislation condemns the government of Iran’s statesponsored persecution of its Baha’i minority and its continued violation of international covenants on human rights. Following the Islamic revolution of Iran in 1979, members of the Baha’i Faith, the largest nonMuslim religious minority in the country, have been subjected to relentless persecution. In Iran, no rights or protections are accorded to those who are adherents of religions not recognized under the Iranian constitution. The Iranian government refuses to recognize the Baha’i Faith as a religion and justifies persecution of the Baha’i under this pretext. Iran has criminalized ordinary Baha’i religious practices of worship, religious training, and fellowship. It has also denied Baha’i people government pension 
benefits, higher education, business licenses in about 2 dozen fields, and even the right of selfdefense. Mr. Speaker, I call on the House to pass H.R. 274 to show that this chamber and our Nation support the Baha’i people and stand with them in the face of Iran’s tyranny. 
PROSTATE CANCER DISPARITY (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, this morning I met with the Prostate Health Education Network and leaders from across the country who are on the frontlines of the fight against prostate cancer. It is critical for African American men and their families that leaders like us raise awareness and funding to end the racial disparity in prostate cancer research. African American men are more likely to get prostate cancer, are diagnosed at more advanced stages, and are twice as likely to die as our Caucasian counterparts. Fighting cancer requires sustained efforts at all levels to raise awareness to ensure individuals and their families have quality and affordable access to screening and treatment. It is critical that Congress continues putting resources toward ending racial disparity in prostate cancer and healthcare more generally. 
THANKING MEMBERS OF CONGRESS FOR EXPRESSING THEIR CONCERN (Ms. FOXX asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, the public often has the impression that we in Congress are not caring people who work together on issues. I want to say to the American people that in the last few days, you could not find a group of people more concerned about their fellow Members than we have here. We know this hurricane is hitting North Carolina, it is likely to hit South Carolina and possibly Georgia, and I want people to know how much I appreciate Members on both sides of the aisle who have come up to me to ask what impact this is going to have on me, on my district, on the people of my district, and on North Carolina in general. It is very heartwarming to have those concerns expressed. People have said, ‘‘We are praying for you.’’ I know that is the case throughout the country, but I want to particularly say to all of my colleagues—I thanked them all personally—but to all of my colleagues, those who haven’t spoken to me but have spoken to other Members, thank you very much for your concerns and prayers. I certainly will pass those along to my constituents, but I think it is important that people know we care a great deal about each other and we express that to each other. f 
SUICIDE PREVENTION MONTH The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MAST). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today on behalf of our country’s veterans, who make great sacrifices to keep America safe. When they return home from service, it is our responsibility to ensure they receive the care and support of a grateful Nation. For far too many veterans, that responsibility is not fulfilled. The government’s failure has tragic consequences for those struggling with mental health illnesses. September is Suicide Prevention Month. Americans across the country take time to raise awareness about the tragedy of suicide. We lose an estimated 20 veterans to suicide each day, and that is unacceptable. Every year since I have been in Congress, we have brought together Republicans and Democrats to draw attention to veteran suicide and send a clear message that this epidemic must end. Honoring our commitment to veterans is not a partisan issue. We know the only way to achieve real, lasting change for our Nation’s bravest men and women is to bring both parties together to solve this problem. Today, Members from both sides of the aisle have joined me to bring awareness to veteran suicide and we are working together to find solutions. I know we can make bipartisan progress, because we have done it before. We have shown it is possible for both parties to work together to improve veterans’ mental healthcare. After hearing the tragic story of a young Arizona veteran who lost his life to suicide in 2013, my team worked across the aisle to pass a bill that improved lifesaving VA mental health services for veterans with classified experience. It took 3 years of hard work, but our bill is now law, and it helps veterans successfully transition to civilian life. It is important progress, but there is still so much work left to do. We must serve our bravest men and women, just as they have served us. We challenge the VA, the Department of Defense, and our fellow lawmakers to join us in confronting the tragedy of veteran suicide. We must do more to honor our commitment to American’s veterans. Today and every day, we stand with military families who have lost a loved one to the tragedy of suicide, and we say to you, your family’s sacrifice will not be forgotten. We will not stop until every veteran receives the care that he or she needs. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ), my friend and colleague, and I am grateful to be joined this afternoon in this Special Order for his comments. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak of a solemn topic, one of utmost importance for sure, and I want to thank my colleague and my friend, KYRSTEN SINEMA from Arizona, and for all the work that she is doing for the veterans’ community and for hosting this Special Order. Mr. Speaker, our Nation’s veterans are our finest citizens, to whom we owe the most. Their sacrifice in defense of freedom allows us to stand here today in this chamber, a testament to our values and a symbol of hope. All too often, we see our Nation’s veterans struggle upon their return home. Issues with depression, substance abuse, and posttraumatic stress disorder serve as constant reminders of the price they paid to protect our way of life. b1630 Tragically, we have seen a rising percentage of these heroes resorting to taking their own lives. This is beyond unacceptable and statistics paint a grim picture of this epidemic. Between 2005 and 2015, Mr. Speaker, suicide rates for all veterans increased by 25 percent—25 percent between 2005 and 2015. Additionally, veterans account for nearly 15 percent of suicides in U.S. adults. Mr. Speaker, we can do better, and we must do better. I am proud to stand here today with my colleagues in solidarity against veteran suicide. I am thankful for the establishment of the third Veterans Crisis Line call center to provide guidance, support, and critical resources to those in need. While steps are being taken to prevent veteran suicide, we still have a long way to go because one hero’s death is one too many. As Congresswoman KYRSTEN SINEMA  had pointed out, Mr. Speaker, September is National Suicide Prevention Awareness Month, but this issue will continue to transcend any time frame. For those who sacrificed for us, we owe them and will continue to fight to eradicate this public health crisis of veteran suicide. Mr. Speaker, I want to, once again, thank Congresswoman SINEMA for hosting this Special Order. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, for many veterans, the return to civilian life can feel overwhelming. Ensuring enough community support and mental health resources are available is essential. We recently heard from Andrew, who lives in Chandler, Arizona. He joined the Marine Corps at 17 years old when he said he was ‘‘full of motivation and excitement’’ to serve. ‘‘I wanted to do my part to protect America,’’ Andrew said. As an antitank assaultman, Andrew fought beside incredible marines in Iraq, and when he finally returned 
home, he said he returned with memories of death. Andrew leaned on loved ones and his faith to pull him out of his darkness. Ever since, he has continued his healing journey by serving his fellow veterans. He presses forward with the values instilled on him by the Marine Corps: honor, courage, and commitment. Responsibility to care for our veterans belongs to all of us. That is why we are working with those who interact with veterans each and every day: letter carriers, librarians, grocery store clerks, and academic advisers. We are giving community members the tools they need to support veterans every day right where they live and work. We are also working to increase the number of peer supports available to veterans. There are veterans like Andrew who used their experiences, struggles, and accomplishments to help fellow veterans successfully navigate the transition to civilian live. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful to have a colleague and friend of mine joining us in this Special Order this evening. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New Hampshire (Ms. KUSTER ), my friend. Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. Mr. Speaker, I thank the Congresswoman for yielding and for hosting this Special Order on this important issue. Every single day, we ask the men and women who serve our Nation in uniform to make incredible sacrifices on behalf of our Nation, and they never fail to deliver for us. These brave Americans and their families know the true meaning of service, but that service often comes at a price. Our men and women in uniform, our veterans, cannot be cast aside once they have returned home. The prevalence of suicide among servicemembers and veterans is a stain on our collective conscience. Servicemembers throughout the history of our country have had harrowing experiences in their service to defend this country and protect our way of life. But it has only been recently that the scope of the trauma of war has been truly understood. Since the time of Abraham Lincoln, we, as a country, have made a solemn vow to care for those who have borne the battle, a vow that has made caring for veterans one of the few bipartisan issues in this era of divisiveness in Washington. Today, we must ensure that our solemn promise to veterans extends to effective mental healthcare. No veteran should ever have to wait for this type of care, which can be just as crucial for recovery as physical health services. My father, Malcolm McLane, flew fighter planes during World War II. He was shot down in the Battle of the Bulge, and spent 6 months in a German POW camp. When I was a child, he rarely spoke about his experiences during the war, but now, in hindsight, I believe that he was experiencing what we now know to be PTSD. We understand so much more today about the brain and the impact of trauma that so many of our servicemembers endure, and it is critical that the VA and our society use that knowledge to improve care for veterans when they return home. We must ensure that the unseen wounds of war receive the attention they deserve. Many of us today voted to fund veterans’ mental health and suicide prevention programs. And while it is commendable that Congress is taking important steps to address this issue, much more needs to be done to ensure that no veteran is left behind. As a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, I fight for the men and women who fight for us. During National Suicide Awareness Prevention Month, we should all pledge to work together to ensure that no veteran ever has trouble accessing the mental health services that he or she needs and deserves. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Arizona, KYRSTEN  SINEMA , for her commitment to this issue. She was very effective in the testimony that she brought to the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, and I appreciate her perseverance. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST), my friend and colleague. I thank the Congressman so much for the work that he has done to join us today. I appreciate it. Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, I guess I found in my time that suicide is an epidemic of purpose, and worth, and value. I come to this line of thought because I have had countless veterans call me; reach out to my office; find me on Facebook; find me on some other form of social media; had a member of their family call my office or reach out, a mother, or a spouse, and talk about the fact that their veteran wants to take their life. And in seeing that play out time and time again, I realize each and every time that somebody is out there searching for their value in their life. They are searching for where is their value? Where is their worth to the rest of the world? And for me, that helps me to recognize that this can be prevented. I think veterans face this challenge in a unique way and in an elevated way, not because the challenge of war or recovering from injury is something that cannot be overcome. I think most of us end up finding in our lives that when we have overcome something incredibly difficult, those are the most memorable and purposeful moments of our life. No person, veteran included, should have to believe that their greatest contribution to the world, or to their Nation, or to their family, or their community is something that is behind them. That is something that is especially difficult for a veteran to overcome because their worth, and their value, and their work every single day was tied directly to serving all of those things at the highest possible level, serving their brothers and their sisters to their left and right, knowing that on any given day, they might have the opportunity to save a life, to save the life of one of their closest friends that they could ever have in life, a friend that would be willing to do absolutely everything for them, to include sacrificing their own life for that friend of them. It is hard to replicate, maybe impossible to replicate, that purpose, and that worth, and that value. And I believe that it is in that that we find such a challenge to overcome suicide with our veterans because of everything that they have already given this country, and the drive, and the determination, and the will, and the intestinal fortitude inside of our veterans to want to go out there and find the next greatest thing in life, the next greatest way to serve. That is the difficult challenge that we find ourselves trying to overcome. In having so many veterans reach out to me, I have learned this about veteran suicide. Each of them who were prevented from taking their life have said that there was nothing I could do, if somebody else didn’t reach out to them. Because I could have not known anybody else that they could have told, that they didn’t tell, they wouldn’t have known. It is in that that I believe it is important that we as veterans make a commitment to one another about being there for one another; about the fact that we had an oath that we never leave a fallen comrade. We always used to say, we always place the mission first, and that mission doesn’t end when we take off that uniform. That mission, that commitment to one another, has to continue. As veterans, we make it a point to put the most important things that we care about in word, in verse, things that we memorize. Whether it is the Soldier’s Creed, or the Ranger Creed, or the Special Forces Creed, or some other ethos that we recognize as part of our service. We put it in words and we speak about it, and we say it time, and time, and time again. And that is why I believe that it is important that we as veterans make known in word our commitment to one another; that we are never going to let one of our brothers or sisters be left behind; that our commitment to one another never ends; that we are never going to allow one of them to bring harm to themselves; that our love for each other never ends. That willingness of what we would go out there and do for one another on the battlefield has no time limit on it, has no fuse. It will never be a wick that burns down. That has to be our commitment to one another, to demonstrate that kind of love and caring for each other as veterans. It is the only solution that I have been able to 
find in my life toward helping with this one veteran, one person at a time, one commitment at a time, a commitment that never ends, and a commitment that has no limits to it. I believe all of our veterans want that and are capable of that, and I am proud of every one of them for that commitment that I know they have inside of them. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ) for holding this Special Order. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I want to take a moment to thank my colleague and friend, Congressman MAST. While he spoke very eloquently about his fellow veterans, and commitment to service, and leaving no man behind, he is very humble, and didn’t share all of his own experiences. Congressman MASTserved as a staff sergeant in the United States Army and has earned a Bronze Star, Purple Heart, and many other awards for his bravery during battle. And when Congressman MASTjoined Congress, I will never forget the first time we had a few moments to spend together, and I asked him about his own experiences in the military and since then, and the change that happened in his life after he was injured in battle defending our country. I will never forget Congressman MAST’s response, which is one of such strength and character, and, I believe, provides such inspiration to other men and women in our country, both those in uniform and those who have returned to civilian life as veterans. I want to thank him for his service and for his incredible dedication to helping his fellow men and women who have returned home from battle as well. Earlier in our Special Order, I mentioned the story of a young veteran in my district. His name was Sergeant Daniel Somers. Sergeant Somers was an Army veteran of two tours in Iraq. He served on Task Force Lightning, an intelligence unit. He ran over 400 combat missions as a machine gunner in the turret of a Humvee. Part of his role required him to interrogate dozens of terror suspects. His work was deemed classified. Like many veterans, Daniel was haunted by the war when he returned home. He suffered from flashbacks, nightmares, depression, and additional symptoms of posttraumatic stress disorder, made worse by a traumatic brain injury. Daniel needed help. He and his family asked for help, but, unfortunately, the VA enrolled Sergeant Somers in group therapy sessions, which he could not attend for fear of disclosing classified information. b1645 Despite requests for individualized counseling, or some other reasonable accommodation to allow Sergeant Somers to receive appropriate care for his PTSD, the VA delayed providing Sergeant Somers with support and appropriate care. Like many, Sergeant Somers’ isolation got worse when he transitioned to civilian life. He tried to provide for his family, but he was unable to work due to his disability. Sergeant Somers struggled with the VA bureaucracy. His disability appeal had been pending for more than 2 years in the system without resolution. Sergeant Somers did not get the help he needed in time. On June 10, 2013, Sergeant Somers wrote a letter to his family. I share a part of his letter every year here on the floor, in memory of Daniel’s pain and in love for his family. In this letter, Daniel said: ‘‘I am not getting better, I am not going to get better, and I will most certainly deteriorate further as time goes on.’’ He goes on to say: ‘‘I am left with basically nothing. Too trapped in a war to be at peace, too damaged to be at war. Abandoned by those who would take the easy route, and a liability to those who stick it out—and thus deserve better. So you see, not only am I better off dead, but the world is better without me in it. ‘‘This is what brought me to my actual final mission.’’ No one who returns home from serving our country should ever feel like he or she has nowhere to turn, which is why I am committed to continuing to work on both sides of the aisle to ensure that no veteran ever feels trapped like Sergeant Somers did and that all of our veterans have access to appropriate mental healthcare. But Sergeant Somers’ story is too familiar to many military families. His parents, Howard and Jean, were devastated by the loss of their son, but they bravely shared Sergeant Somers’ story and created a mission of their own. Their mission is to ensure that their son’s memory brought to light America’s deadliest war: the 20 veterans that we lose every day to suicide. Many of my colleagues here in Washington have met with Howard and Jean. They are working with Congress and the VA to share their experiences with the VA healthcare system and find ways to improve care for veterans and their families. We worked very closely with Howard and Jean to develop and sign into law the Sergeant Daniel Somers Classified Veterans Access to Care Act. This is a law that ensures that veterans like Daniel, who have had classified or sensitive experiences, can access appropriate mental health services at the VA. Our law directs the Secretary of the VA to establish standards and procedures to ensure that any veteran who participated in classified missions or served in a sensitive setting may access mental healthcare that fully accommodates his or her obligation to not improperly disclose classified information. The law also directs the Secretary to disseminate guidance to employees of the Veterans Health Administration, including mental health professionals, on standards and procedures about how to best engage veterans during the course of mental health treatment with respect to classified information. Finally, our law directs the Secretary to allow veterans with classified experiences to selfidentify, so they can quickly receive care in an appropriate setting. But that victory is just one small step forward. We still have so much work left to do. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for joining us this evening to talk about the scourge of veteran suicide. This is our sixth year of hosting this Special Order in a bipartisan way together. I look forward to the year when we do not need this Special Order because we have ended the crisis of veteran suicide in our country. Until such time, I pledge to continue working with my colleagues to not just tell the stories of veterans who are struggling, veterans who have made it, or veterans we have lost, but to celebrate our victory of overcoming this crisis and ending this scourge. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL), my friend, who is going to share some of his thoughts and close out our Special Order hour. I thank Congressman HILLfor joining us this evening. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ), my good friend, for yielding. She and I have the pleasure of serving on the House Financial Services Committee together and cooperating on many legislative measures and regulatory measures that benefit our economy, so I thank her for that work. I greatly appreciate her stepping up and reaching out across the aisle on the subject of suicide, particularly during Suicide Prevention Month, and letting all of us have an opportunity to share our perspective on this national tragedy. Suicide is the 10th leading cause of death in the United States. There is an average of 123 suicides per day. What could be more tragic than that? Yet, I don’t see nearly the people on the floor tonight that there should be, because this affects all our districts so tragically. One in five are suffering with some form of mental illness in our country, a problem that has disrupted so many families, caused too much violence and pain, and caused far too many lives. Representative SINEMA and I talk about this every time the subject comes up. When I was a high school senior, I can’t remember a friend that was a victim of suicide. But, Mr. Speaker, my kids just turned 19 and 21, and within 4 or 5 years of their ages, I can think of six families who have lost a child to suicide—different reasons, same tragedy. So our families are hurting from the scourge of suicide. 
In Congress, this is an area where we work together, the 21st Century Cures Act, where we attacked the first comprehensive approach to mental illness treatment in decades, where we say we want people with mental illness and who need treatment to get it. We worked together most recently on the Clay Hunt Suicide Prevention Act for American veterans, and the National Suicide Hotline Improvement Act— small steps, but concrete steps that call attention to suicide, particularly in our veterans community. The VA is helping on this issue and marked Suicide Prevention Month with its Be There campaign. This campaign highlights the risk factors and warning signs for suicide, provides information about VA mental health and suicide prevention resources, and helps individuals and organizations start the conversation around veteran mental health in their communities. Our VA employees must have the necessary resources to offer guidance to veterans while providing essential suicide prevention services. This is a together thing. This is an ‘‘all of us in this together’’ thing. Mr. Speaker, I have a chair in my front office in my district office in Little Rock that was handpainted to raise money for suicide awareness and suicide prevention. On that chair, it says: ‘‘We Are The 22.’’ This is a nonprofit organization in my community started by veterans helping veterans, because it is not an ‘‘us and they’’ thing. It is an ‘‘us’’ thing. It is a ‘‘we’’ thing. We are all in this together. We are the 22, the number that we have as the estimate of veterans who are taking their own lives. So I want to echo the Speaker pro tempore this afternoon, a distinguished American and distinguished veteran and brave, heroic representative of our Armed Forces, our patriots, the people who defend our liberties, when he said we don’t leave people behind. We don’t leave a sailor, a marine, or a soldier on the battlefield. We bring them home. Just last week, we honored John McCain on the floor of this House. And SAMJOHNSON , leaving the House this year—Representative SCHWEIKERT was there—he was in the Hanoi Hilton with John McCain. We don’t leave a man or woman behind on the battlefield. But when they come home, we equally should not leave them behind. I really commend the Speaker’s comments that the mission is not over. All of us have that partnership and sense of duty to carry that mission forward on the home front when we are out of harm’s way and out of theater. To me, it is that buddy system that we all learn, whether it is in boot camp or swim team, you team up; you check in on each other; you don’t leave people alone. That is the secret, I think, to preventing suicide. I lost a good friend of mine, a fraternity brother, a partner in a law firm in Houston, Texas. He never once intimated to his wife, to his children, or to his law partners that anything was wrong, and they got the call that he had been found. Check in: How are you doing? So we are the 22. We are on the buddy system. We don’t leave our warriors behind. The mission continues here. All those things are true. I carry in my wallet, Mr. Speaker, the veterans crisis hotline as a reminder to me that we want our veterans to reach out if there is a moment of crisis. If somebody is watching this or hearing the words of brave BRIAN MAST, or the emotional content and leadership of Representative KYRSTEN SINEMA  from Arizona, and you are having that moment now as a veteran, I urge you to call 1–800–273–8255 for yourself, for a friend, for a neighbor. We, in Congress, are fighting to make sure that that veterans hotline is a value, that it is answered, and that we are part of that thin thread of connectivity between all of us that keeps us right on the moment. Mr. Speaker, I see my friend from Arizona is here. It was a pleasure to have both of my friends from Arizona talk about their senior Senator last week, John McCain, and what he meant to each of us and what he has meant to our country. Mr. Speaker, it is an honor to yield to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. SCHWEIKERT ), my friend, now on the House Ways and Means Committee, formerly of the best committee in the House, the House Financial Services Committee. Mr. SCHWEIKERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. HILLfor yielding. And to the gentlewoman from Arizona, I thank her for doing this every year. This is one of those moments where you are walking toward the microphone because we just got out of votes in Ways and Means, and you are sort of discussing in your head whether you ultimately tell the personal story. I have two I want to share. My reason for doing this is, if someone is watching, we have someone in our life, and you are having selfdestructive thoughts, please, please reach out, get the help, and understand the devastation that happens and the pain that happens when someone takes their life. My two stories. When I very first got elected in the PhoenixScottsdale area, one of the very first constituent meetings I had was with a mom. Her son had been part of the Phoenix VA. She always felt that the prescriptions he was given put him into an emotional spiral. They kept trying to get him mental health services. They felt all that he was receiving was more prescriptions and a future date for mental health services. And he took his life. That mother, the pain, the tears, the crushing blow, what the loss of her son’s life meant to that family. I believe now, a few years later, the Phoenix VA is better. They have learned a lot, they understand how to be almost a quick reaction force in helping an individual. But we need to make sure these things never happen again. Now for the personal one that I have never told in public. b1700 I was born in an unwed mothers’ home in L.A. I was adopted. It turns out the gentleman who adopted me had multiple sclerosis. But he was a veteran, and he was receiving his medical treatments from VA. This is a long, long time ago, but this is about the pain that comes when a veteran takes his or her life. Because of the pharmaceuticals he was given, the lack of emotional counseling, and the failure to properly diagnose his disease, he put himself in a car in a garage, turned on the motor, and took his life. That was my dad. Some time later, my mother remarried Mr. Schweikert. I got readopted, and I was blessed to grow up in a wonderful household that had brought me to Arizona. Many years later when I was a young adult, my mom sat me down and told me the story. You could tell there was still that burning hole in her heart of finding her husband, my dad, dead in that car, having taken his own life, believing it was the failure of the very services he was receiving from the VA. Now it is decades later, and I believe we have learned a lot. This body has tried as hard as it can to get their heads around: Are we allowing too many pharmaceuticals to be prescribed? Are we not providing emotional services? Do we need to put resources into having that communal gettogether, the quick reaction force? I believe it is getting better. But understand the pain that Mom shared with me when I was first elected about the loss of her son. Even these many, many years later, it is still part of our family’s legacy of that pain. If this body can do anything, if we can find ways to make that pain come to an end, then we will have done something very honorable and very powerful. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. HILLfor yielding to me. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Arizona for participating, and I thank his colleague, Representative SINEMA , for her heartfelt tribute that she has carried on since she has been in the House to bring attention to suicide prevention. I also commend the House for the efforts that it has taken on mental health and on suicide prevention, particularly for our veterans. Ms. SINEMA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF RON ROBINSON The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Arkansas (Mr. HILL) is recognized for 60 
minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of one of Arkansas’ marketing and public relations geniuses and a dear friend, Mr. Ron Robinson, who recently passed away at the age of 75. Born and raised in my hometown of Little Rock, Ron had a natural talent for media and journalism at a very young age. As a teenager, he worked as a sports writer for the Arkansas Gazette and was paid $1 an hour. After graduating from the University of Arkansas with a degree in journalism, Ron joined the Air Force, serving as a public information officer. He quickly rose to the rank of captain and earned a Bronze Star for his service in Vietnam and the Air Force Commendation Medal in 1969 for his support of the Apollo 11 mission to the Moon. A year later, he joined Cranford Johnson Robinson Woods, CJRW, as director of public relations. He would eventually become chairman and CEO until his retirement in 1996. Ron received many awards for his contributions to Arkansas and the journalism industry. He was honored in 2005 as a distinguished alumnus of the J. William Fulbright College of Arts and Sciences and inducted into the Lemke Journalism Society Hall of Honor in 2016. Ron was a role model and friend for many across the State of Arkansas, and I extend my respect, affection, and prayers to his friends, his family, and his many, many mentees during his years of service. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF DAVID W . MULLINS , JR. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I come to the House floor today to honor the life of a longtime work colleague and friend, David W. Mullins Jr., who recently passed away at the age of 72. David had a remarkable career of public service, including working in both the Department of the Treasury and as a member of the Federal Reserve Board of Governors. It was a pleasure to work with him in Domestic Finance at the Department of the Treasury under President George H.W. Bush. David’s journey began in Fayetteville, Arkansas, where his father was president of the University of Arkansas. David attended Fayetteville High School before graduating from Yale University with a degree in administrative sciences. He then pursued graduate work at MIT, and there he completed his Ph.D. in economics and finance. David’s public service began shortly after the stock market crash in 1987, and his expertise proved vital toward the rejuvenation of the economy and the resolution of the savings and loan crisis under the Reagan and Bush administrations. Mr. Speaker, he was a thoughtful leader, a friend to many, and I extend my respect, affection, and prayers to his friends, family, and loved ones. HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MR . DON 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and legacy of one of Arkansas’ statewide leaders, Mr. Don Zimmerman, who recently passed away at the age of 75. Don worked as executive director for the Arkansas Municipal League for over four decades and was there at the time of his death. A graduate of the University of Arkansas with a degree in business administration, Don first joined the Arkansas Municipal League back in 1966 as a field representative before working his way up to the executive director position in 1974. Two years ago, he became the first State Municipal League employee to be recognized by the National League of Cities for 50 years of service. Don also served two terms on the board of directors of the National League of Cities. Mr. Speaker, he was a friend to many across our State of Arkansas, and I extend my respect, affection, and prayers to his friends, family, and loved ones. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to recognize one of Arkansas’ finest, Olan Wages, who recently died at the age of 95. A veteran of the Army, who served in World War II, Olan Wages was at the Battle of the Bulge. Mr. Wages’ story is one that makes all Arkansans proud. For his service, he was awarded two Purple Hearts with oakleaf cluster, four Bronze Stars, a Good Conduct Medal, a World War II Commemorative Medal, a Normandy Jubilee of Liberty Medal, and a French Legion of Honor Medal, among others. Mr. Wages is survived by his three loving daughters, Brenda, Marcia, and Kay. Mr. Speaker, Olan’s example is one all Americans and Arkansans can admire, and I extend my respect, affection, and prayers to his friends, family, and loved ones. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize the achievements of Kevontae Carter, a junior at Philander Smith College in my hometown of Little Rock. I am pleased to announce that the White House Initiative on Historically Black Colleges and Universities has named him an inaugural Competitiveness Scholar. Competitiveness Scholars are students who have exhibited exceptional academic achievement, engagement with their communities, and an entrepreneurial spirit. Kevontae, who is majoring in biology and minoring in mathematics, was personally nominated for this honor by Philander’s president, Dr. Roderick Smothers. A leader on campus, he serves as a student ambassador for the United Negro College Fund, of which Philander is the only member in the State of Arkansas. Mr. Speaker, I honor Kevontae’s commitment to excellence and commend him on being named to this distinguished fellowship. RECOGNIZING MS . ANNIE ABRAMS  
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, it gives me a lot of pleasure today to recognize a dear friend and a civil rights icon from Arkansas, Ms. Annie Abrams, and wish her a very, very happy 87th birthday. Ms. Abrams has served her State and country tirelessly throughout her career, from her involvement in the desegregation of Central High School to her role with the Arkansas Teachers Association, including becoming the first African American PTA president at Central High. Born in Arkadelphia, Ms. Abrams moved to Little Rock at the age of 13 to pursue a better education, and she graduated from Dunbar High School and later Philander Smith College with a degree in special education. She continues to be involved in many local community service organizations, including the Little Rock Central High Integration 50th Anniversary Commission, a commissioner for the Fair Housing Commission, and treasurer of the Arkansas Democratic Black Caucus. As a local educator and civic and community leader, Ms. Abrams has enriched the lives of countless Arkansans and Americans. She is the busiest woman I know, particularly for someone on the cusp of an 87th birthday. Mr. Speaker, I look forward to our next opportunity to be together, and I thank her for her lifetime of service to our community. 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, 61 years ago today, all eyes were on South Park Street that fronts the beautiful facade of Central High School in Little Rock, Arkansas. Just days before, the Arkansas Governor, Orval Faubus, had called out the National Guard to prevent nine Black students from entering that school on September 4. Central High and its beautiful neighborhood had become ground zero in the march to end the fivedecade legacy of Plessy v. Ferguson, separate but equal. Now, just over 3 years after the Brown v. Board of Education decision, it was time for action. In a few days, on the 25th of this month, we will celebrate the successful integration of Central High School when the Little Rock Nine entered the school, escorted by the 101st Airborne Division. It is fitting today, Mr. Speaker, that we pay tribute to the Little Rock Nine, their defenders, and the successful end to separate but equal. I am proud to recognize this important milestone today on this House floor and remember passing the bill 1 year ago that I authored that expands the park boundary of the National Historic Site at Little Rock Central High School. This is a historic and an important touchstone for all those modernday history travelers retracing the steps of the civil rights movement. 
The National Historic Site Visitor Center was opened in 2007 on the occasion of the 50th anniversary of Central High’s integration. My bill extended the park boundaries to take in the houses that fronted the school along South Park Street so that future generations will be able to picture that street just as it was and reflect on those 21 days of trauma back in 1957. Bringing the properties into the boundary of the site provides the National Park Service with more tools and flexibility for partnering with the homeowners to historically preserve their front facade and the yards of those homes. Together with the school, the seven homes across the street from Central High will now stand as a living monument to the civil rights movement in Arkansas and the United States. I want to thank the National Park Service superintendent at that site, Robin White, for her leadership and her persistent work with the community to enhance it as an educational resource and a key stop on the Civil Rights Trail. The Little Rock Nine’s brave actions integrating Little Rock Central High will forever be remembered for their unparalleled role in ending socalled separate but equal. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to recognize the 61st anniversary of these brave actions by those young people. b1715 
Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to talk about the important accomplishments of women throughout history and to call attention to the millions of women across the globe who lack access to education and are denied access to opportunity. Small businesses are the engines of our economy in Arkansas and across our entire Nation. They create and support jobs within our local communities and employ approximately half of all privatesector workers in the United States. According to the Small Business Administration, 30 million small businesses in the U.S. make up over 99 percent of our Nation’s businesses; and of those, 11.4 million are womenowned businesses, employing nearly 9 million people. They are centers of innovation, discovery, and opportunity, empowering and equipping Americans for success. Everyone should have the opportunity to rise, but in America, women entrepreneurs face barriers to certain business resources that many males with similar aspirations don’t. We have got to work hard for our hardworking Americans and our hardworking American families. In Arkansas, Winrock International is doing just that through its Arkansas Women’s Business Center. The Arkansas Women’s Business Center provides training, counseling, and access to capital for women who want their business to grow and become competitive. Though obstacles to entrepreneurship and opportunity also exist outside the U.S., there are entities, including Winrock, supporting solutions that promote prosperity and provide a means for women to flourish around the world. I had a chance to visit with a very hardworking, enterprising, caring young woman from my hometown of Little Rock, recently, whose innovative efforts were to eradicate hopelessness and give hope to those in poverty by lifting them up and aiding their pursuit of happiness and promoting the fruits of the dignity of work. Anna Taylor is the founder of the clothing company Judith & James of the nonprofit James127 Foundation. She started her remarkable journey during her family’s mission work in Africa. Inspired by the desire and drive of the Kenyan women she encountered, Anna set out to work with them to ensure that they have the opportunity to provide for their loved ones and themselves. Today, her foundation provides practical and handson sewing training to Kenyan widows, offering hope and a future to women whose communities have been ravaged by poverty and disease. When you empower women, you empower their communities. For too long, too many young girls and women throughout the world continue to be denied an effective education. We must continue to work to address this injustice and ensure that all women are provided fundamental freedoms in the political, social, cultural, economic, and civic fields. So I would like to applaud the House on its recent passage of H.R. 5480, the Women’s Entrepreneurship and Economic Empowerment Act, and commend my fellow Arkansan, Senator JOHN BOOZMAN , for introducing its companion in the Senate. As the proud father of a daughter studying hard in college—I hope she is studying hard—I believe that it is critical that we all support all of our aspiring young women. I urge the Senate to act quickly on this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ISSUES OF THE DAY The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ) for 30 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, our thoughts and prayers will continue for the folks who are in harm’s way with the hurricane coming ashore. I am grateful for all of those who are serving, State, Federal, and local officials, trying to keep people safe. They will continue to be in our thoughts and prayers. I am very grateful that President Trump hasn’t waited. They mobilized. They have got Federal folks on the ground ready to go. I am also glad it got downgraded to some extent, but it is still going to be a rough go for folks, their homes, and their goods. So we will continue to remember them. I am grateful for those first responders out there ready to serve. We just remembered 9/11 this week. Those of us who were old enough to know what happened that day will never forget what happened. We will never forget where we were. I will never forget the next day, September 12. In my hometown of Tyler, just like in hundreds of thousands of towns and cities around the country, people came together and we prayed together. We sang hymns together. We held hands and sang together. It was a powerful day. And I will always remember there were people from all different races, ages, both genders, people of all walks of life, but we gathered there in solidarity. What I noticed that day was that there were no hyphenated Americans. We were just Americans. That is what everybody said, and that is what everybody was. It was an incredible day that an act of sheer hatred, evil, wanting to destroy freedom and the freest country with the best founding document that would allow freedom, they wanted it all destroyed. But there was a lot of love that next day. It is unfortunate that, 17 years later, we don’t see that kind of harmony. It used to be that, in this body, we would disagree, but, as the House rules require, we wouldn’t call into question any other elected official’s motivation, intentions. We would say we all want is what is best for the country. We all want to keep our oath to the Constitution. But it appears that some don’t want to follow those rules anymore. In fact, some of the very people who have been in this room, in the Senate, here in Washington, in front of the press around the country, people who have demanded that the Federal Government get involved and stop bullying at all levels, including threatening, harassing little children in elementary school because the Federal Government felt like it had to intervene and prevent bullies even at such an early age, yet some of those same people who have been calling for Federal intervention to stop bullying have become the biggest bullies in the United States of America. It is unbelievable how people would be encouraged by elected officials to bully, harass people with whom they disagree. If you can find them in public anywhere, intimidate, scream at them, run them out. Don’t let them eat. Don’t let them do anything. Don’t let them shop. Bully them until you drive them out and you intimidate them so much that they are afraid to express 
their political opinion or to continue to work in a Republican administration or as a Republican in the House. It is just unbelievable. It has, clearly, incited people to go out and commit bullying and sometimes physical assaults. But you also look at some of the other things that have gone on: people who are completely disloyal to the President for whom they work will go to the extent of committing crimes because they don’t like the President, even to the extent of, as a former judge, what I would call committing a fraud upon the FISA court. That is the way it appeared to me. The FISA judges granted four different warrants to surveil people in the Trump campaign and administration, one of whom, Rod Rosenstein, I have asked him if he even read the applications and affidavits. He never would answer the question, which, as we know from Watergate days, that is a nondenial denial. Clearly, when they would not admit that Rosenstein had read the application, he said: I didn’t know how things work. Well, I know how they are supposed to work. If you come before a judge and you sign a document in an effort to get that judge to encroach on the constitutional rights of American citizens, you better know what you are doing. Rosenstein defrauded the court. But the reason they possibly did not defraud the court is if the court was engaged in fraud itself. The only reason I would raise that is because the FISA judges who were granting warrants based on false information, incomplete information, misleading information, it is possibly because they were okay with helping to use the color of the law to violate American citizens’ rights. Maybe there is a 1983 civil rights action there against judges and those who participated. Who knows. I can’t help but wonder about the integrity of judges who are not upset that lawyers came in from the Justice Department and manipulated them into signing a warrant four times when it should never have been signed once. Then we find out this guy, Halper, who is supposed to have identified Mike Flynn and the relationship with Russians, it turns out he had gotten contracts from the Defense Department—I think one was over $600,000, another over $400,000—and it was flagged by a very dedicated, devoted employee of the Defense Department whose job it was to analyze contracts to make sure they were legitimate and people were doing what they were supposed to. His name is Adam Lovinger. He saw those contracts and thought: This is very strange, two contracts worth over a million dollars to one person and there doesn’t appear to be anything that he is getting. Well, he was being paid by the Federal Government to set up somebody in the Trump campaign as someone who had been dealing with Russians, who had been paying Russians to come speak at his conferences or seminars, who had an ongoing relationship with Russians, so he would later say: Gee, this guy from the Trump campaign was getting too cozy with the Russians, so I quit. You mean the guys that you had this ongoing relationship with and paid them to come and speak at your conferences, you were concerned about someone from the Trump administration or who worked with Trump in the campaign actually speaking to the people you have been hiring for a number of years? b1730 It is just fraudulent what they were doing. Incredible. And I had hoped, when Christopher Wray took over at the FBI—well, I don’t really know him—but maybe he’ll help clean up the disaster that was created by the weaponization of the Department of Justice, and particularly the FBI, by Comey, McCabe, Strzok, Page, so many of those—Bruce Ohr—who were working at DOJ or FBI. But we got a solid piece of evidence that Christopher Wray is not the answer; he is part of the problem. And that came as was reported in this story Wednesday, August 29, 2018. As the headline from Newsmax says: ‘‘FBI: No Evidence Clinton Server Hacked Despite Trump Tweet.’’ Well, Christopher Wray had to approve that, and either he is completely, objectively incompetent or he intended to slap the President with a fraud by omission and also to slap—figuratively speaking—our Intel community. It wasn’t the FBI that found that Hillary Clinton’s server had been hacked and that over 30,000 of her emails—all but 4, and the 4 really didn’t amount to anything—all went to a foreign country’s intelligence apparatus. They had hacked it, put instructions on there. So then, we know that because the Intel community has made—they knew with 100 percent certainty that that had happened. They found it. They found the anomaly. They found the embedded instruction that was placed when her server was hacked. And I know there have been allegations that perhaps Hillary Clinton’s classified information that went through the unclassified private server may have gotten some of our undercover people killed in China. I don’t know if that is what got them killed or not, but it certainly wouldn’t have helped. Nonetheless, the Intel community inspector general, who back then was Chuck McCullough, and Investigator Frank Rucker are the ones who found that. And I haven’t talked to Mr. Coats, but this was a slap at the Intel community, basically saying, Hey, we at the FBI didn’t find any evidence her private server was hacked, so anybody who says they did is just totally wrong because, if the FBI doesn’t find it, nobody in the Intel community of the United States is competent enough to find such a hacking. Well, Chris Wray and whoever fed him this statement to put out publicly were wrong. Our Intel community was good enough. They did find that her private server was hacked. And the emails did not go to Russia or any representatives or agency affiliated with Russia. Richard Pollock wrote that he had confirmed that it went to China. I didn’t say that when I questioned Mr. Strzok, but that has been reported. If Mr. Wray is going to continue in his efforts to slap—fraudulently, really—at the President and our Intel community, he really ought to just voluntarily step down. The FBI has had so many thousands and thousands of honest, ethical, upright FBI agents, because I have known many. And they need somebody who will help the FBI get its reputation back. When the current FBI director engages in this kind of fraud by omission, then he is not the answer; he is trying to salvage a great reputation that has been destroyed during the Obama administration, and he is not going to get it back by misrepresentations, by omissions. Hopefully he’ll do the right thing and let us get somebody to replace him soon who will clean things up. In the meantime, that is a little scary. Now, I also had noted an article I had never noticed before and a friend pointed it out. I had never heard of this. I had to go back and look. A New York publication by Chris Smith, October 20 of 2003. The byline under it says: ‘‘Mr. Comey goes to Washington.’’ Byline says: ‘‘Just as his terrorism and corporatecorruption cases here are heating up’’—apparently in New York— ‘‘United States Attorney James Comey is heading south to become John Ashcroft’s deputy. What’s a nice, nonpartisan prosecutor going to do in a Justice Department like that?’’ Well, it doesn’t sound like they were big fans of John Ashcroft, who is really a fine, dedicated, upstanding individual. He must have been feeling a little bit giddy. He is going to be the deputy, Department of Justice. And so he said far more than was good for his reputation. It says, in the fourth paragraph: ‘‘Comey has been savaged by William Safire and lauded by CHUCK SCHUMER ; just what kind of Republican is he, anyway? This sets Comey howling again.’’ Then the quote from Comey. He says: ‘‘I must be doing something right. In college, I was left of center, and through a gradual process I found myself more comfortable with a lot of the ideas and approaches the Republicans were using.’’ The article says: He voted for Carter in 1980, but in 1984, Comey said: ‘‘I voted for Reagan.’’ These are Comey’s words: ‘‘I’d moved from Communist to whatever I am now. I’m not even sure,’’ Comey says, ‘‘how to characterize myself politically. Maybe at some point I’ll have to figure it out.’’ It says in the article: ‘‘On the surface it’s an odd pairing: Comey—who cites 
liberal theologian Reinhold Niebuhr as a formative influence,’’ which is a little disturbing, ‘‘and who can sing along with Good Charlotte poppunk hits— and Ashcroft.’’ But anyway, that was interesting. I did not know that Comey had admitted to being a commie, but Comey the commie is no longer in charge of the FBI. And it still boggles the mind that Rod Rosenstein would do a memorandum telling the President: You need to fire Comey. He hasn’t been intellectually honest. You need to fire him. Causes are all here. So the President relies on Rosenstein and fires Comey; and then, what, the next day Rosenstein turns around and says: Oh, well, there is cause to appoint a special counsel to investigate the President for supposedly obstruction of justice for firing Comey, because the President followed Rosenstein’s recommendation. The mere fact that Rosenstein would appoint a special counsel to investigate the President for doing what Rosenstein said should have been enough to get him fired back then. What kind of manipulative little demon would say, ‘‘Fire Comey,’’ and then the advice is followed and then he appoints a prosecutor to try to disrupt him and remove him from office. I mean, it is like some kind of game: Oh, I know. I will set up the President. I will tell him to fire Comey, and then we can use that to investigate him for the rest of his time as President. Well, hopefully—and I have been hoping for a long time that Rosenstein’s days are numbered. Of course, he was the U.S. attorney who was in charge of the investigation investigating Russia and their illegal efforts to obtain American uranium. He would also be the same person, along with FBI Director Mueller and a guy named Weissmann, who is currently working for Mueller, who made sure that their undercover guy who was gathering information to show how illegally Russia was acting, make sure he signs a nondisclosure agreement. They threaten him, we are told, that he either sign the nondisclosure or they would prosecute him. So he signs it. Because they did not want anybody talking about how illegally Russia was acting because, if they had, then the committee that had to approve foreign investments in the United States, CFIUS, they could not have voted to allow Russia to get a hold of 20 or so percent of American uranium. And if they were not allowed to get hold of that much uranium, then, of course, there would not have been the $145 million or so that went into the Clinton Foundation. Then we get this reporter from FOX News: ‘‘John Kerry slammed for ‘shameful’ shadow diplomacy after admitting to meetings with Iran.’’ Now, I think there is a word for it, but when someone goes and tries to undermine the United States President’s administration from protecting the country, America, from the biggest supporter of terrorism in the world, I don’t know what you would call that, but it seems like, if you have a President, in President Trump, trying to protect America from terrorist attacks that would be funded by the biggest supporter of terrorism in the world, Iran, and you have somebody else from America go over and try to save the deal that was going to help Iran be more of a threat to America—gee, that seems like people used to get prosecuted about things like that. Seemed like there was somebody named Rosenstein or Rosenberg back there that was not a help to the United States. I think back then they were hanging traitors. But, in any event, interesting. Also yesterday, committee chair RICHARD BURR from North Carolina, who has bent over backwards, done everything he can to get Justice and Intelligence to produce any kind of evidence whatsoever showing Trump or his administration colluded with the Russians, he comes out yesterday and says the panel has found ‘‘no hard evidence of collusion’’ between the Trump campaign and Russia. So it is just amazing. It sounds like we still need a housecleaning at the FBI at the very top. And this out today from the New York Post that Strzok and Page texts are a disaster and embarrassment to the FBI, DOJ. And it has this tweet from the President: ‘‘More text messages between former FBI employees Peter Strzok and Lisa Page are a disaster and embarrassment to the FBI and DOJ. ‘‘This should never have happened, but we are learning more and more by the hour. ‘Others were leaking like mad’ in order to get the President.’’ b1745 ‘‘In the lengthy exchange, the two exlovers talk about a leak operation for ‘political’ purposes. ‘‘‘Oh, remind me to tell you tomorrow about the Times doing a story about the RNC hacks,’ Page wrote to Strzok, who replied, ‘And more than they already did? I told you Quinn told me they pulling out all the stops on some story . . . ’ ‘‘‘Quinn’ could be referring to Richard Quinn, chief of the Media and Investigative Publicity Section in the FBI’s Office of Public Affairs. . . . ‘‘Strzok then texted Page, ‘Think our sisters have begun leaking like mad. Scorned and worried, and political, they’re kicking into overdrive.’ ‘‘It’s unclear,’’ the story says, ‘‘whom he was referring to as ‘sisters,’ but retired FBI Special Agent John Iannarelli told Fox it could be another government agency. ‘‘Earlier this week, a report from Rep. MARKMEADOWS . . . a member of the House Oversight and Government Reform Committee, said a new Strzok Page text from April 2017 showed them discussing a ‘media leak strategy’.’’ So this is serious stuff. And, apparently, we don’t have somebody at the top of the FBI who will get this cleaned up. There are plenty of FBI agents across the country that could get things cleaned up. We know there is at least one here in Washington, D.C., that is good at coverups, but most of the rankandfile FBI agents are classy, honorable, decent, upright investigators who honor their oath every day, and, who, I keep hearing from different times, different places, are really upset with the damage that the people like Comey, Strzok, Page, Ohr, the damage they have done to their reputation for what used to be a sterling FBI. So it is time to clean house. Rosenstein has got to go. Chris Wray needs to be replaced by somebody that is not going to try to keep slapping the President when he is wrong about the FBI. Hopefully, we are going to see that come in the next few weeks. We will see. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. f 
CONFERENCE REPORT ON H.R. 6157, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN submitted the following conference report and statement on the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes. 
CONFERENCE REPORT (H. R EPT. 115–952) The committee of conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 6157), making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, having met, after full and free conference, have agreed to recommend and do recommend to their respective Houses as follows: That the House recede from its disagreement to the amendment of the Senate and agree to the same with an amendment as follows: In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the Senate amendment, insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Defense and Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education Appropriations Act, 2019 and Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019’’. 
The table of contents of this Act is as follows: 
Sec. 1. Short title. Sec. 2. Table of contents. Sec. 3. References. Sec. 4. Statement of appropriations. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Title I—Military Personnel Title II—Operation and Maintenance Title III—Procurement Title IV—Research, Development, Test and Evaluation Title V—Revolving and Management Funds Title VI—Other Department of Defense Programs Title VII—Related Agencies Title VIII—General Provisions Title IX—Overseas Contingency Operations DIVISION B—DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 Title I—Department of Labor Title II—Department of Health and Human Services Title III—Department of Education Title IV—Related Agencies Title V—General Provisions DIVISION C—CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Except as expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any division of this Act shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of that division. 
The following sums in this Act are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 TITLE I MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Army on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $42,690,042,000. MILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Navy on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere), midshipmen, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $30,164,481,000. MILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Marine Corps on active duty (except members of the Reserve provided for elsewhere); and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $13,779,038,000. MILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For pay, allowances, individual clothing, subsistence, interest on deposits, gratuities, permanent change of station travel (including all expenses thereof for organizational movements), and expenses of temporary duty travel between permanent duty stations, for members of the Air Force on active duty (except members of reserve components provided for elsewhere), cadets, and aviation cadets; for members of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps; and for payments pursuant to section 156 of Public Law 97–377, as amended (42 U.S.C. 402 note), and to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $30,074,691,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10302, and 3038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $4,836,947,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Navy Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $2,049,021,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Marine Corps Reserve on active duty under section 10211 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty, and for members of the Marine Corps platoon leaders class, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $782,390,000. RESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air Force Reserve on active duty under sections 10211, 10305, and 8038 of title 10, United States Code, or while serving on active duty under section 12301(d) of title 10, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing reserve training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $1,860,406,000. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Army National Guard while on duty under sections 10211, 10302, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $8,600,945,000. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For pay, allowances, clothing, subsistence, gratuities, travel, and related expenses for personnel of the Air National Guard on duty under sections 10211, 10305, or 12402 of title 10 or section 708 of title 32, United States Code, or while serving on duty under section 12301(d) of title 10 or section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, in connection with performing duty specified in section 12310(a) of title 10, United States Code, or while undergoing training, or while performing drills or equivalent duty or other duty, and expenses authorized by section 16131 of title 10, United States Code; and for payments to the Department of Defense Military Retirement Fund, $3,699,080,000. TITLE II OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Army, as authorized by law, $40,145,482,000: Provided, That not to exceed $12,478,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Army, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Navy and the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $48,034,826,000: Provided, That not to exceed $15,055,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Navy, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Marine Corps, as authorized by law, $6,540,049,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of the Air Force, as authorized by law, $40,379,184,000: Provided, That not to exceed $7,699,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of the Air Force, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), as authorized by law, $35,613,354,000: Provided, That not more than $7,503,000 may be used for the Combatant Commander Initiative Fund authorized under section 166a of title 10, United States Code: Provided further, That not to exceed $36,000,000 can be used for emergencies and extraordinary expenses, to be expended on the approval or authority of the Secretary of Defense, and payments may be made on his certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $42,300,000 shall be made available for the Procurement Technical Assistance Cooperative 
Agreement Program, of which not less than $4,500,000 shall be available for centers defined in 10 U.S.C. 2411(1)(D): Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used to plan or implement the consolidation of a budget or appropriations liaison office of the Office of the Secretary of Defense, the office of the Secretary of a military department, or the service headquarters of one of the Armed Forces into a legislative affairs or legislative liaison office: Provided further, That $19,160,000, to remain available until expended, is available only for expenses relating to certain classified activities, and may be transferred as necessary by the Secretary of Defense to operation and maintenance appropriations or research, development, test and evaluation appropriations, to be merged with and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That any ceiling on the investment item unit cost of items that may be purchased with operation and maintenance funds shall not apply to the funds described in the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, $663,969,000, of which $165,992,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYRESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Army Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $2,781,402,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Navy Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $1,018,006,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS RESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Marine Corps Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $271,570,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the operation and maintenance, including training, organization, and administration, of the Air Force Reserve; repair of facilities and equipment; hire of passenger motor vehicles; travel and transportation; care of the dead; recruiting; procurement of services, supplies, and equipment; and communications, $3,191,734,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYNATIONAL  GUARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Army National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in nonFederal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; hire of passenger motor vehicles; personnel services in the National Guard Bureau; travel expenses (other than mileage), as authorized by law for Army personnel on active duty, for Army National Guard division, regimental, and battalion commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau; supplying and equipping the Army National Guard as authorized by law; and expenses of repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment (including aircraft), $7,118,831,000. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  GUARD  For expenses of training, organizing, and administering the Air National Guard, including medical and hospital treatment and related expenses in nonFederal hospitals; maintenance, operation, and repairs to structures and facilities; transportation of things, hire of passenger motor vehicles; supplying and equipping the Air National Guard, as authorized by law; expenses for repair, modification, maintenance, and issue of supplies and equipment, including those furnished from stocks under the control of agencies of the Department of Defense; travel expenses (other than mileage) on the same basis as authorized by law for Air National Guard personnel on active Federal duty, for Air National Guard commanders while inspecting units in compliance with National Guard Bureau regulations when specifically authorized by the Chief, National Guard Bureau, $6,420,697,000. UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  ARMED FORCES  For salaries and expenses necessary for the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces, $14,662,000, of which not to exceed $5,000 may be used for official representation purposes. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , ARMY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $235,809,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Army, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , NAVY 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Navy, $365,883,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Navy shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Navy, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Navy, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , AIRFORCE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Air Force, $365,808,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Air Force shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of the Air Force, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Air Force, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , DEFENSE WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of Defense, $19,002,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris of the Department of Defense, or for similar purposes, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of Defense, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , FORMERLY USED DEFENSE SITES 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the Department of the Army, $248,673,000, to remain available until transferred: Provided, That the Secretary of the Army shall, upon determining that such funds are required for environmental restoration, reduction and recycling of hazardous waste, removal of unsafe buildings and debris at sites formerly used by the Department of Defense, transfer the funds made available by this appropriation to other appropriations made available to the Department of the Army, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act. OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN , DISASTER , ANDCIVIC AID For expenses relating to the Overseas Humanitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid programs of the Department of Defense (consisting of the programs provided under sections 401, 402, 404, 407, 2557, and 2561 of title 10, United States Code), $117,663,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020. COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT  For assistance, including assistance provided by contract or by grants, under programs and 
activities of the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Program authorized under the Department of Defense Cooperative Threat Reduction Act, $350,240,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION  WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND For the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, $450,000,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020: Provided, That no other amounts may be otherwise credited or transferred to the Fund, or deposited into the Fund, in fiscal year 2019 pursuant to section 1705(d) of title 10, United States Code. TITLE III PROCUREMENT AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $4,299,566,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, equipment, including ordnance, ground handling equipment, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $3,145,256,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. PROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  COMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of weapons and tracked combat vehicles, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $4,486,402,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $2,276,330,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. OTHER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For construction, procurement, production, and modification of vehicles, including tactical, support, and nontracked combat vehicles; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; communications and electronic equipment; other support equipment; spare parts, ordnance, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractor owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $7,844,691,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of aircraft, equipment, including ordnance, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $20,092,199,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. WEAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For construction, procurement, production, modification, and modernization of missiles, torpedoes, other weapons, and related support equipment including spare parts, and accessories therefor; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $3,711,576,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  MARINE CORPS For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $952,682,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION , NAVY For expenses necessary for the construction, acquisition, or conversion of vessels as authorized by law, including armor and armament thereof, plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; procurement of critical, long lead time components and designs for vessels to be constructed or converted in the future; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, as follows: Ohio Replacement Submarine (AP), $3,173,400,000; Carrier Replacement Program (CVN–80), $1,573,181,000; Virginia Class Submarine, $4,340,676,000; Virginia Class Submarine (AP), $2,796,401,000; CVN Refueling Overhauls (AP), $425,873,000; DDG–1000 Program, $270,965,000; DDG–51 Destroyer, $5,249,837,000; DDG–51 Destroyer (AP), $641,928,000; Littoral Combat Ship, $1,571,244,000; LPD–17, $350,000,000; Expeditionary Sea Base, $647,000,000; LHA Replacement (AP), $350,000,000; Expeditionary Fast Transport, $225,000,000; TAO Fleet Oiler, $977,104,000; TAO Fleet Oiler (AP), $75,046,000; Towing Salvage and Rescue Ship, $80,517,000; LCU 1700, $41,520,000; Ship to Shore Connector, $507,875,000; Service Craft, $72,062,000; LCAC SLEP, $23,321,000; For outfitting, post delivery, conversions, and first destination transportation, $550,038,000; and Completion of Prior Year Shipbuilding Programs, $207,099,000. In all: $24,150,087,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2023: Provided, That additional obligations may be incurred after September 30, 2023, for engineering services, tests, evaluations, and other such budgeted work that must be performed in the final stage of ship construction: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading for the construction or conversion of any naval vessel to be constructed in shipyards in the United States shall be expended in foreign facilities for the construction of major components of such vessel: Provided further, That none of the funds provided under this heading shall be used for the construction of any naval vessel in foreign shipyards: Provided further, That funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act for production of the common missile compartment of nuclearpowered vessels may be available for multiyear procurement of critical components to support continuous production of such compartments only in accordance with the provisions of subsection (i) of section 2218a of title 10, United States Code (as added by section 1023 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328)): Provided further, That the funds made available by this Act for the Carrier Replacement Program (CVN–80) may be available to modify or enter into a new contract for the procurement of a Fordclass aircraft carrier designated CVN–81 pursuant to section 121 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. OTHER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For procurement, production, and modernization of support equipment and materials not otherwise provided for, Navy ordnance (except ordnance for new aircraft, new ships, and ships authorized for conversion); the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, including the land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $9,097,138,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. PROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS For expenses necessary for the procurement, manufacture, and modification of missiles, armament, military equipment, spare parts, and 
accessories therefor; plant equipment, appliances, and machine tools, and installation thereof in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; vehicles for the Marine Corps, including the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; and expansion of public and private plants, including land necessary therefor, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title, $2,719,870,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, and modification of aircraft and equipment, including armor and armament, specialized ground handling equipment, and training devices, spare parts, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $17,112,337,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, and modification of missiles, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $2,585,004,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. SPACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, and modification of spacecraft, rockets, and related equipment, including spare parts and accessories therefor; ground handling equipment, and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor owned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes including rents and transportation of things, $2,343,642,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE For construction, procurement, production, and modification of ammunition, and accessories therefor; specialized equipment and training devices; expansion of public and private plants, including ammunition facilities, authorized by section 2854 of title 10, United States Code, and the land necessary therefor, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; and procurement and installation of equipment, appliances, and machine tools in public and private plants; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway; and other expenses necessary for the foregoing purposes, $1,485,856,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. OTHER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For procurement and modification of equipment (including ground guidance and electronic control equipment, and ground electronic and communication equipment), and supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; lease of passenger motor vehicles; and expansion of public and private plants, Governmentowned equipment and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land, for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon, prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractor owned equipment layaway, $20,884,225,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. PROCUREMENT , DEFENSE WIDE For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments) necessary for procurement, production, and modification of equipment, supplies, materials, and spare parts therefor, not otherwise provided for; the purchase of passenger motor vehicles for replacement only; expansion of public and private plants, equipment, and installation thereof in such plants, erection of structures, and acquisition of land for the foregoing purposes, and such lands and interests therein, may be acquired, and construction prosecuted thereon prior to approval of title; reserve plant and Government and contractorowned equipment layaway, $6,822,180,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021. NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT  ACCOUNT  For procurement of rotarywing aircraft; combat, tactical and support vehicles; other weapons; and other procurement items for the reserve components of the Armed Forces, $1,300,000,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021: Provided, That the Chiefs of National Guard and Reserve components shall, not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, individually submit to the congressional defense committees the modernization priority assessment for their respective National Guard or Reserve component: Provided further, That none of the funds made available by this paragraph may be used to procure manned fixed wing aircraft, or procure or modify missiles, munitions, or ammunition. DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACTPURCHASES  For activities by the Department of Defense pursuant to sections 108, 301, 302, and 303 of the Defense Production Act of 1950 (50 U.S.C. 4518, 4531, 4532, and 4533), $53,578,000, to remain available until expended. TITLE IV RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , ARMY For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $11,083,824,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , NAVY For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $18,510,564,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds appropriated in this paragraph which are available for the V–22 may be used to meet unique operational requirements of the Special Operations Forces. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , AIRFORCE For expenses necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation, including maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $41,229,475,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , DEFENSE WIDE 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses of activities and agencies of the Department of Defense (other than the military departments), necessary for basic and applied scientific research, development, test and evaluation; advanced research projects as may be designated and determined by the Secretary of Defense, pursuant to law; maintenance, rehabilitation, lease, and operation of facilities and equipment, $23,691,836,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020: Provided, That, of the funds made available in this paragraph, $250,000,000 for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program shall only be available for expenses, not otherwise provided for, to include program management and oversight, to conduct research, development, test and evaluation to include proof of concept demonstration; engineering, testing, and validation; and transition to fullscale production: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may transfer funds provided herein for the Defense Rapid Innovation Program to appropriations for research, development, test and evaluation to accomplish the purpose provided herein: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 30 days prior to making transfers from this appropriation, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such transfer. OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the independent activities of the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, in the direction and supervision of operational test and evaluation, including initial operational test and evaluation which is conducted prior to, and in support of, production decisions; joint operational testing and evaluation; and administrative expenses in connection therewith, $381,009,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020. TITLE V REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS For the Defense Working Capital Funds, $1,641,115,000. TITLE VI OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, for medical and health care programs of the Department of Defense as authorized by law, $34,007,519,000; of which $30,953,422,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed one percent shall remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020, and of which up to $15,118,801,000 may be available for contracts entered into under the TRICARE program; of which $873,160,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021, shall be for procurement; and of which $2,180,937,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2020, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the amount made available under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $8,000,000 shall be available for HIV prevention educational activities undertaken in 
connection with United States military training, exercises, and humanitarian assistance activities conducted primarily in African nations: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading for research, development, test and evaluation, not less than $1,171,100,000 shall be made available to the United States Army Medical Research and Materiel Command to carry out the congressionally directed medical research programs. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS  DESTRUCTION , DEFENSE  For expenses, not otherwise provided for, necessary for the destruction of the United States stockpile of lethal chemical agents and munitions in accordance with the provisions of section 1412 of the Department of Defense Authorization Act, 1986 (50 U.S.C. 1521), and for the destruction of other chemical warfare materials that are not in the chemical weapon stockpile, $993,816,000, of which $105,997,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which no less than $52,735,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program, consisting of $21,600,000 for activities on military installations and $31,135,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, to assist State and local governments; $1,091,000 shall be for procurement, to remain available until September 30, 2021, of which $1,091,000 shall be for the Chemical Stockpile Emergency Preparedness Program to assist State and local governments; and $886,728,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation, of which $880,283,000 shall only be for the Assembled Chemical Weapons Alternatives program. DRUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES , DEFENSE  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For drug interdiction and counterdrug activities of the Department of Defense, for transfer to appropriations available to the Department of Defense for military personnel of the reserve components serving under the provisions of title 10 and title 32, United States Code; for operation and maintenance; for procurement; and for research, development, test and evaluation, $881,525,000, of which $517,171,000 shall be for counternarcotics support; $121,900,000 shall be for the drug demand reduction program; $217,178,000 shall be for the National Guard counterdrug program; and $25,276,000 shall be for the National Guard counterdrug schools program: Provided, That the funds appropriated under this heading shall be available for obligation for the same time period and for the same purpose as the appropriation to which transferred: Provided further, That upon a determination that all or part of the funds transferred from this appropriation are not necessary for the purposes provided herein, such amounts may be transferred back to this appropriation: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority contained elsewhere in this Act. OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses and activities of the Office of the Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, as amended, $329,273,000, of which $325,236,000 shall be for operation and maintenance, of which not to exceed $700,000 is available for emergencies and extraordinary expenses to be expended on the approval or authority of the Inspector General, and payments may be made on the Inspector General’s certificate of necessity for confidential military purposes; of which $60,000, to remain available for obligation until September 30, 2021, shall be for procurement; and of which $3,977,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be for research, development, test and evaluation. TITLE VII RELATED AGENCIES CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT  
ANDDISABILITY SYSTEM FUND For payment to the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System Fund, to maintain the proper funding level for continuing the operation of the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability System, $514,000,000. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT  ACCOUNT  For necessary expenses of the Intelligence Community Management Account, $522,424,000. TITLE VIII GENERAL PROVISIONS SEC. 8001. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be used for publicity or propaganda purposes not authorized by the Congress. SEC. 8002. During the current fiscal year, provisions of law prohibiting the payment of compensation to, or employment of, any person not a citizen of the United States shall not apply to personnel of the Department of Defense: Provided, That salary increases granted to direct and indirect hire foreign national employees of the Department of Defense funded by this Act shall not be at a rate in excess of the percentage increase authorized by law for civilian employees of the Department of Defense whose pay is computed under the provisions of section 5332 of title 5, United States Code, or at a rate in excess of the percentage increase provided by the appropriate host nation to its own employees, whichever is higher: Provided further, That this section shall not apply to Department of Defense foreign service national employees serving at United States diplomatic missions whose pay is set by the Department of State under the Foreign Service Act of 1980: Provided further, That the limitations of this provision shall not apply to foreign national employees of the Department of Defense in the Republic of Turkey. SEC. 8003. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 8004. No more than 20 percent of the appropriations in this Act which are limited for obligation during the current fiscal year shall be obligated during the last 2 months of the fiscal year: Provided, That this section shall not apply to obligations for support of active duty training of reserve components or summer camp training of the Reserve Officers’ Training Corps. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8005. Upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, he may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $4,000,000,000 of working capital funds of the Department of Defense or funds made available in this Act to the Department of Defense for military functions (except military construction) between such appropriations or funds or any subdivision thereof, to be merged with and to be available for the same purposes, and for the same time period, as the appropriation or fund to which transferred: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the Congress promptly of all transfers made pursuant to this authority or any other authority in this Act: Provided further, That no part of the funds in this Act shall be available to prepare or present a request to the Committees on Appropriations for reprogramming of funds, unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen military requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which reprogramming is requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2019: Provided further, That transfers among military personnel appropriations shall not be taken into account for purposes of the limitation on the amount of funds that may be transferred under this section. SEC. 8006. (a) With regard to the list of specific programs, projects, and activities (and the dollar amounts and adjustments to budget activities corresponding to such programs, projects, and activities) contained in the tables titled Explanation of Project Level Adjustments in the explanatory statement regarding this Act, the obligation and expenditure of amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act for those programs, projects, and activities for which the amounts appropriated exceed the amounts requested are hereby required by law to be carried out in the manner provided by such tables to the same extent as if the tables were included in the text of this Act. (b) Amounts specified in the referenced tables described in subsection (a) shall not be treated as subdivisions of appropriations for purposes of section 8005 of this Act: Provided, That section 8005 shall apply when transfers of the amounts described in subsection (a) occur between appropriation accounts. SEC. 8007. (a) Not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Department of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2019: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appropriation both by budget activity and program, project, and activity as detailed in the Budget Appendix; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) Notwithstanding section 8005 of this Act, none of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional defense committees, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement: Provided, That this subsection shall not apply to transfers from the following appropriations accounts: (1) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Army’’; (2) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Navy’’; (3) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Air Force’’; (4) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Defense Wide’’; (5) ‘‘Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites’’; and (6) ‘‘Drug Interdiction and Counterdrug Activities, Defense’’. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8008. During the current fiscal year, cash balances in working capital funds of the Department of Defense established pursuant to section 2208 of title 10, United States Code, may be maintained in only such amounts as are necessary at any time for cash disbursements to be made from such funds: Provided, That transfers may be made between such funds: Provided further, That transfers may be made between working capital funds and the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense’’ appropriation and the ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ appropriation accounts in such amounts as may be determined by the Secretary of Defense, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, except 
that such transfers may not be made unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress of the proposed transfer: Provided further, That except in amounts equal to the amounts appropriated to working capital funds in this Act, no obligations may be made against a working capital fund to procure or increase the value of war reserve material inventory, unless the Secretary of Defense has notified the Congress prior to any such obligation. SEC. 8009. Funds appropriated by this Act may not be used to initiate a special access program without prior notification 30 calendar days in advance to the congressional defense committees. SEC. 8010. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available to initiate: (1) a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year of the contract or that includes an unfunded contingent liability in excess of $20,000,000; or (2) a contract for advance procurement leading to a multiyear contract that employs economic order quantity procurement in excess of $20,000,000 in any one year, unless the congressional defense committees have been notified at least 30 days in advance of the proposed contract award: Provided, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate a multiyear contract for which the economic order quantity advance procurement is not funded at least to the limits of the Government’s liability: Provided further, That no part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall be available to initiate multiyear procurement contracts for any systems or component thereof if the value of the multiyear contract would exceed $500,000,000 unless specifically provided in this Act: Provided further, That no multiyear procurement contract can be terminated without 30day prior notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the execution of multiyear authority shall require the use of a present value analysis to determine lowest cost compared to an annual procurement: Provided further, That none of the funds provided in this Act may be used for a multiyear contract executed after the date of the enactment of this Act unless in the case of any such contract— (1) the Secretary of Defense has submitted to Congress a budget request for full funding of units to be procured through the contract and, in the case of a contract for procurement of aircraft, that includes, for any aircraft unit to be procured through the contract for which procurement funds are requested in that budget request for production beyond advance procurement activities in the fiscal year covered by the budget, full funding of procurement of such unit in that fiscal year; (2) cancellation provisions in the contract do not include consideration of recurring manufacturing costs of the contractor associated with the production of unfunded units to be delivered under the contract; (3) the contract provides that payments to the contractor under the contract shall not be made in advance of incurred costs on funded units; and (4) the contract does not provide for a price adjustment based on a failure to award a followon contract. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act may be used for multiyear procurement contracts for any or all of the following projects: (1) Standard Missile–3 IB; (2) Standard Missile–6; (3) F/A–18E/F Super Hornet and EA–18G Aircraft variants; (4) E–2D Advanced Hawkeye (AHE) Aircraft; (5) C–130J, KC–130J, HC–130J, MC–130J, AC– 130J Aircraft; and (6) SSN Virginia Class Submarines and Governmentfurnished equipment. SEC. 8011. Within the funds appropriated for the operation and maintenance of the Armed Forces, funds are hereby appropriated pursuant to section 401 of title 10, United States Code, for humanitarian and civic assistance costs under chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code. Such funds may also be obligated for humanitarian and civic assistance costs incidental to authorized operations and pursuant to authority granted in section 401 of chapter 20 of title 10, United States Code, and these obligations shall be reported as required by section 401(d) of title 10, United States Code: Provided, That funds available for operation and maintenance shall be available for providing humanitarian and similar assistance by using Civic Action Teams in the Trust Territories of the Pacific Islands and freely associated states of Micronesia, pursuant to the Compact of Free Association as authorized by Public Law 99–239: Provided further, That upon a determination by the Secretary of the Army that such action is beneficial for graduate medical education programs conducted at Army medical facilities located in Hawaii, the Secretary of the Army may authorize the provision of medical services at such facilities and transportation to such facilities, on a nonreimbursable basis, for civilian patients from American Samoa, the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands, the Marshall Islands, the Federated States of Micronesia, Palau, and Guam. SEC. 8012. (a) During the current fiscal year, the civilian personnel of the Department of Defense may not be managed on the basis of any endstrength, and the management of such personnel during that fiscal year shall not be subject to any constraint or limitation (known as an endstrength) on the number of such personnel who may be employed on the last day of such fiscal year. (b) The fiscal year 2020 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all justification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2020 Department of Defense budget request shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress as if subsections (a) and (b) of this provision were effective with regard to fiscal year 2020. (c) As required by section 1107 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2014 (Public Law 113–66; 10 U.S.C. 2358 note) civilian personnel at the Department of Army Science and Technology Reinvention Laboratories may not be managed on the basis of the Table of Distribution and Allowances, and the management of the workforce strength shall be done in a manner consistent with the budget available with respect to such Laboratories. (d) Nothing in this section shall be construed to apply to military (civilian) technicians. SEC. 8013. None of the funds made available by this Act shall be used in any way, directly or indirectly, to influence congressional action on any legislation or appropriation matters pending before the Congress. SEC. 8014. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available for the basic pay and allowances of any member of the Army participating as a fulltime student and receiving benefits paid by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs from the Department of Defense Education Benefits Fund when time spent as a fulltime student is credited toward completion of a service commitment: Provided, That this section shall not apply to those members who have reenlisted with this option prior to October 1, 1987: Provided further, That this section applies only to active components of the Army. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8015. Funds appropriated in title III of this Act for the Department of Defense Pilot MentorProte´ge´Program may be transferred to any other appropriation contained in this Act solely for the purpose of implementing a MentorProte´ge´Program developmental assistance agreement pursuant to section 831 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note), as amended, under the authority of this provision or any other transfer authority contained in this Act. SEC. 8016. None of the funds in this Act may be available for the purchase by the Department of Defense (and its departments and agencies) of welded shipboard anchor and mooring chain 4 inches in diameter and under unless the anchor and mooring chain are manufactured in the United States from components which are substantially manufactured in the United States: Provided, That for the purpose of this section, the term ‘‘manufactured’’ shall include cutting, heat treating, quality control, testing of chain and welding (including the forging and shot blasting process): Provided further, That for the purpose of this section substantially all of the components of anchor and mooring chain shall be considered to be produced or manufactured in the United States if the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured in the United States exceeds the aggregate cost of the components produced or manufactured outside the United States: Provided further, That when adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis, the Secretary of the service responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes. SEC. 8017. None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be used for the support of any nonappropriated funds activity of the Department of Defense that procures malt beverages and wine with nonappropriated funds for resale (including such alcoholic beverages sold by the drink) on a military installation located in the United States unless such malt beverages and wine are procured within that State, or in the case of the District of Columbia, within the District of Columbia, in which the military installation is located: Provided, That, in a case in which the military installation is located in more than one State, purchases may be made in any State in which the installation is located: Provided further, That such local procurement requirements for malt beverages and wine shall apply to all alcoholic beverages only for military installations in States which are not contiguous with another State: Provided further, That alcoholic beverages other than wine and malt beverages, in contiguous States and the District of Columbia shall be procured from the most competitive source, price and other factors considered. SEC. 8018. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be used to demilitarize or dispose of M–1 Carbines, M–1 Garand rifles, M–14 rifles, .22 caliber rifles, .30 caliber rifles, or M–1911 pistols, or to demilitarize or destroy small arms ammunition or ammunition components that are not otherwise prohibited from commercial sale under Federal law, unless the small arms ammunition or ammunition components are certified by the Secretary of the Army or designee as unserviceable or unsafe for further use. SEC. 8019. No more than $500,000 of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used during a single fiscal year for any single relocation of an organization, unit, activity or function of the Department of Defense into or within the National Capital Region: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that such a relocation is required in the best interest of the Government. SEC. 8020. Of the funds made available in this Act, $25,000,000 shall be available for incentive payments authorized by section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544): Provided, That a prime contractor or a subcontractor at any tier that makes a subcontract award to any subcontractor or supplier as defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States 
Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code, shall be considered a contractor for the purposes of being allowed additional compensation under section 504 of the Indian Financing Act of 1974 (25 U.S.C. 1544) whenever the prime contract or subcontract amount is over $500,000 and involves the expenditure of funds appropriated by an Act making appropriations for the Department of Defense with respect to any fiscal year: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 1906 of title 41, United States Code, this section shall be applicable to any Department of Defense acquisition of supplies or services, including any contract and any subcontract at any tier for acquisition of commercial items produced or manufactured, in whole or in part, by any subcontractor or supplier defined in section 1544 of title 25, United States Code, or a small business owned and controlled by an individual or individuals defined under section 4221(9) of title 25, United States Code. SEC. 8021. Funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Media Activity shall not be used for any national or international political or psychological activities. SEC. 8022. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense is authorized to incur obligations of not to exceed $350,000,000 for purposes specified in section 2350j(c) of title 10, United States Code, in anticipation of receipt of contributions, only from the Government of Kuwait, under that section: Provided, That, upon receipt, such contributions from the Government of Kuwait shall be credited to the appropriations or fund which incurred such obligations. SEC. 8023. (a) Of the funds made available in this Act, not less than $46,100,000 shall be available for the Civil Air Patrol Corporation, of which— (1) $33,600,000 shall be available from ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ to support Civil Air Patrol Corporation operation and maintenance, readiness, counterdrug activities, and drug demand reduction activities involving youth programs; (2) $10,800,000 shall be available from ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’; and (3) $1,700,000 shall be available from ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’ for vehicle procurement. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force should waive reimbursement for any funds used by the Civil Air Patrol for counterdrug activities in support of Federal, State, and local government agencies. SEC. 8024. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act are available to establish a new Department of Defense (department) federally funded research and development center (FFRDC), either as a new entity, or as a separate entity administrated by an organization managing another FFRDC, or as a nonprofit membership corporation consisting of a consortium of other FFRDCs and other nonprofit entities. (b) No member of a Board of Directors, Trustees, Overseers, Advisory Group, Special Issues Panel, Visiting Committee, or any similar entity of a defense FFRDC, and no paid consultant to any defense FFRDC, except when acting in a technical advisory capacity, may be compensated for his or her services as a member of such entity, or as a paid consultant by more than one FFRDC in a fiscal year: Provided, That a member of any such entity referred to previously in this subsection shall be allowed travel expenses and per diem as authorized under the Federal Joint Travel Regulations, when engaged in the performance of membership duties. (c) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds available to the department from any source during the current fiscal year may be used by a defense FFRDC, through a fee or other payment mechanism, for construction of new buildings not located on a military installation, for payment of cost sharing for projects funded by Government grants, for absorption of contract overruns, or for certain charitable contributions, not to include employee participation in community service and/ or development. (d) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, of the funds available to the department during fiscal year 2019, not more than 6,030 staff years of technical effort (staff years) may be funded for defense FFRDCs: Provided, That, of the specific amount referred to previously in this subsection, not more than 1,125 staff years may be funded for the defense studies and analysis FFRDCs: Provided further, That this subsection shall not apply to staff years funded in the National Intelligence Program (NIP) and the Military Intelligence Program (MIP). (e) The Secretary of Defense shall, with the submission of the department’s fiscal year 2020 budget request, submit a report presenting the specific amounts of staff years of technical effort to be allocated for each defense FFRDC during that fiscal year and the associated budget estimates. (f) Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, the total amount appropriated in this Act for FFRDCs is hereby reduced by $179,000,000: Provided, That this subsection shall not apply to appropriations for the National Intelligence Program (NIP) and the Military Intelligence Program (MIP). SEC. 8025. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to procure carbon, alloy, or armor steel plate for use in any Governmentowned facility or property under the control of the Department of Defense which were not melted and rolled in the United States or Canada: Provided, That these procurement restrictions shall apply to any and all Federal Supply Class 9515, American Society of Testing and Materials (ASTM) or American Iron and Steel Institute (AISI) specifications of carbon, alloy or armor steel plate: Provided further, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for the procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided further, That these restrictions shall not apply to contracts which are in being as of the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 8026. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional defense committees’’ means the Armed Services Committee of the House of Representatives, the Armed Services Committee of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives. SEC. 8027. During the current fiscal year, the Department of Defense may acquire the modification, depot maintenance and repair of aircraft, vehicles and vessels as well as the production of components and other Defenserelated articles, through competition between Department of Defense depot maintenance activities and private firms: Provided, That the Senior Acquisition Executive of the military department or Defense Agency concerned, with power of delegation, shall certify that successful bids include comparable estimates of all direct and indirect costs for both public and private bids: Provided further, That Office of Management and Budget Circular A–76 shall not apply to competitions conducted under this section. SEC. 8028. (a)(1) If the Secretary of Defense, after consultation with the United States Trade Representative, determines that a foreign country which is party to an agreement described in paragraph (2) has violated the terms of the agreement by discriminating against certain types of products produced in the United States that are covered by the agreement, the Secretary of Defense shall rescind the Secretary’s blanket waiver of the Buy American Act with respect to such types of products produced in that foreign country. (2) An agreement referred to in paragraph (1) is any reciprocal defense procurement memorandum of understanding, between the United States and a foreign country pursuant to which the Secretary of Defense has prospectively waived the Buy American Act for certain products in that country. (b) The Secretary of Defense shall submit to the Congress a report on the amount of Department of Defense purchases from foreign entities in fiscal year 2019. Such report shall separately indicate the dollar value of items for which the Buy American Act was waived pursuant to any agreement described in subsection (a)(2), the Trade Agreement Act of 1979 (19 U.S.C. 2501 et seq.), or any international agreement to which the United States is a party. (c) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. SEC. 8029. During the current fiscal year, amounts contained in the Department of Defense Overseas Military Facility Investment Recovery Account established by section 2921(c)(1) of the National Defense Authorization Act of 1991 (Public Law 101–510; 10 U.S.C. 2687 note) shall be available until expended for the payments specified by section 2921(c)(2) of that Act. SEC. 8030. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of the Air Force may convey at no cost to the Air Force, without consideration, to Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington relocatable military housing units located at Grand Forks Air Force Base, Malmstrom Air Force Base, Mountain Home Air Force Base, Ellsworth Air Force Base, and Minot Air Force Base that are excess to the needs of the Air Force. (b) The Secretary of the Air Force shall convey, at no cost to the Air Force, military housing units under subsection (a) in accordance with the request for such units that are submitted to the Secretary by the Operation Walking Shield Program on behalf of Indian tribes located in the States of Nevada, Idaho, North Dakota, South Dakota, Montana, Oregon, Minnesota, and Washington. Any such conveyance shall be subject to the condition that the housing units shall be removed within a reasonable period of time, as determined by the Secretary. (c) The Operation Walking Shield Program shall resolve any conflicts among requests of Indian tribes for housing units under subsection (a) before submitting requests to the Secretary of the Air Force under subsection (b). (d) In this section, the term ‘‘Indian tribe’’ means any recognized Indian tribe included on the current list published by the Secretary of the Interior under section 104 of the Federally Recognized Indian Tribe Act of 1994 (Public Law 103–454; 108 Stat. 4792; 25 U.S.C. 5131). SEC. 8031. During the current fiscal year, appropriations which are available to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $250,000. SEC. 8032. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to— (1) disestablish, or prepare to disestablish, a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with Department of Defense Instruction Number 1215.08, dated June 26, 2006; or (2) close, downgrade from host to extension center, or place on probation a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program in accordance with the information paper of the Department of the Army titled ‘‘Army Senior Reserve Officer’s Training Corps (SROTC) Program Review and Criteria’’, dated January 27, 2014. SEC. 8033. Up to $10,518,000 of the funds appropriated under the heading ‘‘Operation and 
Maintenance, Navy’’ may be made available for the Asia Pacific Regional Initiative Program for the purpose of enabling the Pacific Command to execute Theater Security Cooperation activities such as humanitarian assistance, and payment of incremental and personnel costs of training and exercising with foreign security forces: Provided, That funds made available for this purpose may be used, notwithstanding any other funding authorities for humanitarian assistance, security assistance or combined exercise expenses: Provided further, That funds may not be obligated to provide assistance to any foreign country that is otherwise prohibited from receiving such type of assistance under any other provision of law. SEC. 8034. The Secretary of Defense shall issue regulations to prohibit the sale of any tobacco or tobaccorelated products in military resale outlets in the United States, its territories and possessions at a price below the most competitive price in the local community: Provided, That such regulations shall direct that the prices of tobacco or tobaccorelated products in overseas military retail outlets shall be within the range of prices established for military retail system stores located in the United States. SEC. 8035. (a) During the current fiscal year, none of the appropriations or funds available to the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds shall be used for the purchase of an investment item for the purpose of acquiring a new inventory item for sale or anticipated sale during the current fiscal year or a subsequent fiscal year to customers of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds if such an item would not have been chargeable to the Department of Defense Business Operations Fund during fiscal year 1994 and if the purchase of such an investment item would be chargeable during the current fiscal year to appropriations made to the Department of Defense for procurement. (b) The fiscal year 2020 budget request for the Department of Defense as well as all justification material and other documentation supporting the fiscal year 2020 Department of Defense budget shall be prepared and submitted to the Congress on the basis that any equipment which was classified as an end item and funded in a procurement appropriation contained in this Act shall be budgeted for in a proposed fiscal year 2020 procurement appropriation and not in the supply management business area or any other area or category of the Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. SEC. 8036. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Central Intelligence Agency shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for the Reserve for Contingencies, which shall remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds appropriated, transferred, or otherwise credited to the Central Intelligence Agency Central Services Working Capital Fund during this or any prior or subsequent fiscal year shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That any funds appropriated or transferred to the Central Intelligence Agency for advanced research and development acquisition, for agent operations, and for covert action programs authorized by the President under section 503 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3093) shall remain available until September 30, 2020. SEC. 8037. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, not less than $12,000,000 shall be made available only for the mitigation of environmental impacts, including training and technical assistance to tribes, related administrative support, the gathering of information, documenting of environmental damage, and developing a system for prioritization of mitigation and cost to complete estimates for mitigation, on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. SEC. 8038. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended by an entity of the Department of Defense unless the entity, in expending the funds, complies with the Buy American Act. For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘Buy American Act’’ means chapter 83 of title 41, United States Code. (b) If the Secretary of Defense determines that a person has been convicted of intentionally affixing a label bearing a ‘‘Made in America’’ inscription to any product sold in or shipped to the United States that is not made in America, the Secretary shall determine, in accordance with section 2410f of title 10, United States Code, whether the person should be debarred from contracting with the Department of Defense. (c) In the case of any equipment or products purchased with appropriations provided under this Act, it is the sense of the Congress that any entity of the Department of Defense, in expending the appropriation, purchase only American made equipment and products, provided that Americanmade equipment and products are costcompetitive, quality competitive, and available in a timely fashion. SEC. 8039. (a) Except as provided in subsections (b) and (c), none of the funds made available by this Act may be used— (1) to establish a field operating agency; or (2) to pay the basic pay of a member of the Armed Forces or civilian employee of the department who is transferred or reassigned from a headquarters activity if the member or employee’s place of duty remains at the location of that headquarters. (b) The Secretary of Defense or Secretary of a military department may waive the limitations in subsection (a), on a casebycase basis, if the Secretary determines, and certifies to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that the granting of the waiver will reduce the personnel requirements or the financial requirements of the department. (c) This section does not apply to— (1) field operating agencies funded within the National Intelligence Program; (2) an Army field operating agency established to eliminate, mitigate, or counter the effects of improvised explosive devices, and, as determined by the Secretary of the Army, other similar threats; (3) an Army field operating agency established to improve the effectiveness and efficiencies of biometric activities and to integrate common biometric technologies throughout the Department of Defense; or (4) an Air Force field operating agency established to administer the Air Force Mortuary Affairs Program and Mortuary Operations for the Department of Defense and authorized Federal entities. SEC. 8040. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act shall be available to convert to contractor performance an activity or function of the Department of Defense that, on or after the date of the enactment of this Act, is performed by Department of Defense civilian employees unless— (1) the conversion is based on the result of a publicprivate competition that includes a most efficient and cost effective organization plan developed by such activity or function; (2) the Competitive Sourcing Official determines that, over all performance periods stated in the solicitation of offers for performance of the activity or function, the cost of performance of the activity or function by a contractor would be less costly to the Department of Defense by an amount that equals or exceeds the lesser of— (A) 10 percent of the most efficient organization’s personnelrelated costs for performance of that activity or function by Federal employees; or (B) $10,000,000; and (3) the contractor does not receive an advantage for a proposal that would reduce costs for the Department of Defense by— (A) not making an employersponsored health insurance plan available to the workers who are to be employed in the performance of that activity or function under the contract; or (B) offering to such workers an employer sponsored health benefits plan that requires the employer to contribute less towards the premium or subscription share than the amount that is paid by the Department of Defense for health benefits for civilian employees under chapter 89 of title 5, United States Code. (b)(1) The Department of Defense, without regard to subsection (a) of this section or subsection (a), (b), or (c) of section 2461 of title 10, United States Code, and notwithstanding any administrative regulation, requirement, or policy to the contrary shall have full authority to enter into a contract for the performance of any commercial or industrial type function of the Department of Defense that— (A) is included on the procurement list established pursuant to section 2 of the JavitsWagnerO’Day Act (section 8503 of title 41, United States Code); (B) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified nonprofit agency for the blind or by a qualified nonprofit agency for other severely handicapped individuals in accordance with that Act; or (C) is planned to be converted to performance by a qualified firm under at least 51 percent ownership by an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(e) of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 450b(e)), or a Native Hawaiian Organization, as defined in section 8(a)(15) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 637(a)(15)). (2) This section shall not apply to depot contracts or contracts for depot maintenance as provided in sections 2469 and 2474 of title 10, United States Code. (c) The conversion of any activity or function of the Department of Defense under the authority provided by this section shall be credited toward any competitive or outsourcing goal, target, or measurement that may be established by statute, regulation, or policy and is deemed to be awarded under the authority of, and in compliance with, subsection (h) of section 2304 of title 10, United States Code, for the competition or outsourcing of commercial activities. (RESCISSIONS)  SEC. 8041. Of the funds appropriated in Department of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That no amounts may be rescinded from amounts that were designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Concurrent Resolution on the Budget or the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended: ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy: DDG–51 Destroyer’’, 2011/2020, $94,000,000; ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy: CVN RCOH (AP)’’, 2011/2020, $4,000,000; ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy: DDG–51 Destroyer’’, 2012/2020, $66,000,000; ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy: LPD– 17’’, 2012/2020, $13,000,000; ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy: Joint High Speed Vessel’’, 2012/2020, $8,000,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, 2017/2019, $16,000,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $38,894,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Navy’’, 2017/2019, $32,344,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $169,677,000; ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $5,000,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2017/2019, $44,300,000; ‘‘Defense Health Program: Procurement’’, 2017/2019, $2,413,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Army’’, 2018/2020, $80,000,000; 
‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army’’, 2018/2020, $210,506,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, 2018/2020, $64,390,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, 2018/2020, $26,361,000; ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, 2018/2020, $115,657,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Navy’’, 2018/2020, $36,600,000; ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2018/2020, $195,255,000; ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, 2018/2020, $5,200,000; ‘‘Space Procurement, Air Force’’, 2018/2020, $218,100,000; ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force’’, 2018/2020, $17,100,000; ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, 2018/2020, $123,500,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, 2018/2019, $191,120,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, 2018/2019, $490,588,000; ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, DefenseWide’’, 2018/2019, $25,000,000; and ‘‘Defense Health Program: Procurement’’, 2018/2020, $215,000,000. SEC. 8042. None of the funds available in this Act may be used to reduce the authorized positions for military technicians (dual status) of the Army National Guard, Air National Guard, Army Reserve and Air Force Reserve for the purpose of applying any administratively imposed civilian personnel ceiling, freeze, or reduction on military technicians (dual status), unless such reductions are a direct result of a reduction in military force structure. SEC. 8043. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Democratic People’s Republic of Korea unless specifically appropriated for that purpose. SEC. 8044. Funds appropriated in this Act for operation and maintenance of the Military Departments, Combatant Commands and Defense Agencies shall be available for reimbursement of pay, allowances and other expenses which would otherwise be incurred against appropriations for the National Guard and Reserve when members of the National Guard and Reserve provide intelligence or counterintelligence support to Combatant Commands, Defense Agencies and Joint Intelligence Activities, including the activities and programs included within the National Intelligence Program and the Military Intelligence Program: Provided, That nothing in this section authorizes deviation from established Reserve and National Guard personnel and training procedures. SEC. 8045. (a) None of the funds available to the Department of Defense for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counterdrug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. (b) None of the funds available to the Central Intelligence Agency for any fiscal year for drug interdiction or counterdrug activities may be transferred to any other department or agency of the United States except as specifically provided in an appropriations law. SEC. 8046. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used for the procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domestic origin: Provided, That the Secretary of the military department responsible for such procurement may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, that adequate domestic supplies are not available to meet Department of Defense requirements on a timely basis and that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes: Provided further, That this restriction shall not apply to the purchase of ‘‘commercial items’’, as defined by section 103 of title 41, United States Code, except that the restriction shall apply to ball or roller bearings purchased as end items. SEC. 8047. Of the amounts appropriated for ‘‘Working Capital Fund, Army’’, $99,000,000 shall be available to maintain competitive rates at the arsenals. SEC. 8048. In addition to the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available elsewhere in this Act, $44,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense: Provided, That upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, the Secretary shall make grants in the amounts specified as follows: $20,000,000 to the United Service Organizations and $24,000,000 to the Red Cross. SEC. 8049. None of the funds in this Act may be used to purchase any supercomputer which is not manufactured in the United States, unless the Secretary of Defense certifies to the congressional defense committees that such an acquisition must be made in order to acquire capability for national security purposes that is not available from United States manufacturers. SEC. 8050. Notwithstanding any other provision in this Act, the Small Business Innovation Research program and the Small Business Technology Transfer program setasides shall be taken proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities to the extent they contribute to the extramural budget. SEC. 8051. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense under this Act shall be obligated or expended to pay a contractor under a contract with the Department of Defense for costs of any amount paid by the contractor to an employee when— (1) such costs are for a bonus or otherwise in excess of the normal salary paid by the contractor to the employee; and (2) such bonus is part of restructuring costs associated with a business combination. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8052. During the current fiscal year, no more than $30,000,000 of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’ may be transferred to appropriations available for the pay of military personnel, to be merged with, and to be available for the same time period as the appropriations to which transferred, to be used in support of such personnel in connection with support and services for eligible organizations and activities outside the Department of Defense pursuant to section 2012 of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8053. During the current fiscal year, in the case of an appropriation account of the Department of Defense for which the period of availability for obligation has expired or which has closed under the provisions of section 1552 of title 31, United States Code, and which has a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance, an obligation or an adjustment of an obligation may be charged to any current appropriation account for the same purpose as the expired or closed account if— (1) the obligation would have been properly chargeable (except as to amount) to the expired or closed account before the end of the period of availability or closing of that account; (2) the obligation is not otherwise properly chargeable to any current appropriation account of the Department of Defense; and (3) in the case of an expired account, the obligation is not chargeable to a current appropriation of the Department of Defense under the provisions of section 1405(b)(8) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 1991, Public Law 101–510, as amended (31 U.S.C. 1551 note): Provided, That in the case of an expired account, if subsequent review or investigation discloses that there was not in fact a negative unliquidated or unexpended balance in the account, any charge to a current account under the authority of this section shall be reversed and recorded against the expired account: Provided further, That the total amount charged to a current appropriation under this section may not exceed an amount equal to 1 percent of the total appropriation for that account. SEC. 8054. (a) Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau may permit the use of equipment of the National Guard Distance Learning Project by any person or entity on a spaceavailable, reimbursable basis. The Chief of the National Guard Bureau shall establish the amount of reimbursement for such use on a casebycase basis. (b) Amounts collected under subsection (a) shall be credited to funds available for the National Guard Distance Learning Project and be available to defray the costs associated with the use of equipment of the project under that subsection. Such funds shall be available for such purposes without fiscal year limitation. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8055. Of the funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Defensewide’’, $35,000,000 shall be for continued implementation and expansion of the Sexual Assault Special Victims’ Counsel Program: Provided, That the funds are made available for transfer to the Department of the Army, the Department of the Navy, and the Department of the Air Force: Provided further, That funds transferred shall be merged with and available for the same purposes and for the same time period as the appropriations to which the funds are transferred: Provided further, That this transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided in this Act. SEC. 8056. None of the funds appropriated in title IV of this Act may be used to procure end items for delivery to military forces for operational training, operational use or inventory requirements: Provided, That this restriction does not apply to enditems used in development, prototyping, and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, with submission of the department’s fiscal year 2020 budget request, submit a report detailing the use of funds requested in research, development, test and evaluation accounts for enditems used in development, prototyping and test activities preceding and leading to acceptance for operational use: Provided further, That this restriction does not apply to programs funded within the National Intelligence Program: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate that it is in the national security interest to do so. SEC. 8057. (a) The Secretary of Defense may, on a casebycase basis, waive with respect to a foreign country each limitation on the procurement of defense items from foreign sources provided in law if the Secretary determines that the application of the limitation with respect to that country would invalidate cooperative programs entered into between the Department of Defense and the foreign country, or would invalidate reciprocal trade agreements for the procurement of defense items entered into under section 2531 of title 10, United States Code, and the country does not discriminate against the same or similar defense items produced in the United States for that country. (b) Subsection (a) applies with respect to— (1) contracts and subcontracts entered into on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) options for the procurement of items that are exercised after such date under contracts that are entered into before such date if the option prices are adjusted for any reason other than the application of a waiver granted under subsection (a). (c) Subsection (a) does not apply to a limitation regarding construction of public vessels, 
ball and roller bearings, food, and clothing or textile materials as defined by section XI (chapters 50–65) of the Harmonized Tariff Schedule of the United States and products classified under headings 4010, 4202, 4203, 6401 through 6406, 6505, 7019, 7218 through 7229, 7304.41 through 7304.49, 7306.40, 7502 through 7508, 8105, 8108, 8109, 8211, 8215, and 9404. SEC. 8058. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or other Department of Defense Appropriations Acts may be obligated or expended for the purpose of performing repairs or maintenance to military family housing units of the Department of Defense, including areas in such military family housing units that may be used for the purpose of conducting official Department of Defense business. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8059. Of the amounts appropriated for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, up to $1,000,000 shall be available for transfer to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development Trust Fund established under section 116 of the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Training and Development Act (2 U.S.C. 1105). SEC. 8060. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, DefenseWide’’ for any new start advanced concept technology demonstration project or joint capability demonstration project may only be obligated 45 days after a report, including a description of the project, the planned acquisition and transition strategy and its estimated annual and total cost, has been provided in writing to the congressional defense committees: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense may waive this restriction on a casebycase basis by certifying to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national interest to do so. SEC. 8061. The Secretary of Defense shall continue to provide a classified quarterly report to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, Subcommittees on Defense on certain matters as directed in the classified annex accompanying this Act. SEC. 8062. Notwithstanding section 12310(b) of title 10, United States Code, a Reserve who is a member of the National Guard serving on full time National Guard duty under section 502(f) of title 32, United States Code, may perform duties in support of the groundbased elements of the National Ballistic Missile Defense System. SEC. 8063. None of the funds provided in this Act may be used to transfer to any nongovernmental entity ammunition held by the Department of Defense that has a centerfire cartridge and a United States military nomenclature designation of ‘‘armor penetrator’’, ‘‘armor piercing (AP)’’, ‘‘armor piercing incendiary (API)’’, or ‘‘armorpiercing incendiary tracer (API–T)’’, except to an entity performing demilitarization services for the Department of Defense under a contract that requires the entity to demonstrate to the satisfaction of the Department of Defense that armor piercing projectiles are either: (1) rendered incapable of reuse by the demilitarization process; or (2) used to manufacture ammunition pursuant to a contract with the Department of Defense or the manufacture of ammunition for export pursuant to a License for Permanent Export of Unclassified Military Articles issued by the Department of State. SEC. 8064. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, may waive payment of all or part of the consideration that otherwise would be required under section 2667 of title 10, United States Code, in the case of a lease of personal property for a period not in excess of 1 year to any organization specified in section 508(d) of title 32, United States Code, or any other youth, social, or fraternal nonprofit organization as may be approved by the Chief of the National Guard Bureau, or his designee, on a casebycase basis. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8065. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $62,483,700 shall remain available until expended: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary of Defense is authorized to transfer such funds to other activities of the Federal Government: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense is authorized to enter into and carry out contracts for the acquisition of real property, construction, personal services, and operations related to projects carrying out the purposes of this section: Provided further, That contracts entered into under the authority of this section may provide for such indemnification as the Secretary determines to be necessary: Provided further, That projects authorized by this section shall comply with applicable Federal, State, and local law to the maximum extent consistent with the national security, as determined by the Secretary of Defense. SEC. 8066. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this or any other Act may be used to take any action to modify— (1) the appropriations account structure for the National Intelligence Program budget, including through the creation of a new appropriation or new appropriation account; (2) how the National Intelligence Program budget request is presented in the unclassified P–1, R–1, and O–1 documents supporting the Department of Defense budget request; (3) the process by which the National Intelligence Program appropriations are apportioned to the executing agencies; or (4) the process by which the National Intelligence Program appropriations are allotted, obligated and disbursed. (b) Nothing in section (a) shall be construed to prohibit the merger of programs or changes to the National Intelligence Program budget at or below the Expenditure Center level, provided such change is otherwise in accordance with paragraphs (a)(1)–(3). (c) The Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense may jointly, only for the purposes of achieving auditable financial statements and improving fiscal reporting, study and develop detailed proposals for alternative financial management processes. Such study shall include a comprehensive counterintelligence risk assessment to ensure that none of the alternative processes will adversely affect counterintelligence. (d) Upon development of the detailed proposals defined under subsection (c), the Director of National Intelligence and the Secretary of Defense shall— (1) provide the proposed alternatives to all affected agencies; (2) receive certification from all affected agencies attesting that the proposed alternatives will help achieve auditability, improve fiscal reporting, and will not adversely affect counterintelligence; and (3) not later than 30 days after receiving all necessary certifications under paragraph (2), present the proposed alternatives and certifications to the congressional defense and intelligence committees. SEC. 8067. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, $10,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense, to remain available for obligation until expended: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, that upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that it shall serve the national interest, these funds shall be available only for a grant to the Fisher House Foundation, Inc., only for the construction and furnishing of additional Fisher Houses to meet the needs of military family members when confronted with the illness or hospitalization of an eligible military beneficiary. SEC. 8068. None of the funds available to the Department of Defense may be obligated to modify command and control relationships to give Fleet Forces Command operational and administrative control of United States Navy forces assigned to the Pacific fleet: Provided, That the command and control relationships which existed on October 1, 2004, shall remain in force until a written modification has been proposed to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees: Provided further, That the proposed modification may be implemented 30 days after the notification unless an objection is received from either the House or Senate Appropriations Committees: Provided further, That any proposed modification shall not preclude the ability of the commander of United States Pacific Command to meet operational requirements. SEC. 8069. Any notice that is required to be submitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives under section 806(c)(4) of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note) after the date of the enactment of this Act shall be submitted pursuant to that requirement concurrently to the Subcommittees on Defense of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8070. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the headings ‘‘Procurement, Defense Wide’’ and ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, DefenseWide’’, $500,000,000 shall be for the Israeli Cooperative Programs: Provided, That of this amount, $70,000,000 shall be for the Secretary of Defense to provide to the Government of Israel for the procurement of the Iron Dome defense system to counter shortrange rocket threats, subject to the U.S.Israel Iron Dome Procurement Agreement, as amended; $187,000,000 shall be for the Short Range Ballistic Missile Defense (SRBMD) program, including cruise missile defense research and development under the SRBMD program, of which $50,000,000 shall be for coproduction activities of SRBMD systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.Israeli co production agreement for SRBMD, as amended; $80,000,000 shall be for an uppertier component to the Israeli Missile Defense Architecture, of which $80,000,000 shall be for coproduction activities of Arrow 3 Upper Tier systems in the United States and in Israel to meet Israel’s defense requirements consistent with each nation’s laws, regulations, and procedures, subject to the U.S.Israeli coproduction agreement for Arrow 3 Upper Tier, as amended; and $163,000,000 shall be for the Arrow System Improvement Program including development of a long range, ground and airborne, detection suite: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this provision is in addition to any other transfer authority contained in this Act. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8071. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, $207,099,000 shall be available until September 30, 2019, to fund prior year shipbuilding cost increases: Provided, That upon enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy shall transfer funds to the following appropriations in the amounts specified: Provided further, That the amounts transferred shall be merged with and be available for the same purposes as the appropriations to which transferred to: (1) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2011/2019: LHA Replacement $25,100,000; (2) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2013/2019: DDG–51 Destroyer $53,966,000; (3) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2014/2019: Littoral Combat Ship $19,498,000; (4) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2015/2019: Littoral Combat Ship $83,686,000; 
(5) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2015/2019: LCAC $9,400,000; and (6) Under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’, 2016/2019: TAO Fleet Oiler $15,449,000. SEC. 8072. Funds appropriated by this Act, or made available by the transfer of funds in this Act, for intelligence activities are deemed to be specifically authorized by the Congress for purposes of section 504 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094) during fiscal year 2019 until the enactment of the Intelligence Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. SEC. 8073. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that creates or initiates a new program, project, or activity unless such program, project, or activity must be undertaken immediately in the interest of national security and only after written prior notification to the congressional defense committees. SEC. 8074. The budget of the President for fiscal year 2020 submitted to the Congress pursuant to section 1105 of title 31, United States Code, shall include separate budget justification documents for costs of United States Armed Forces’ participation in contingency operations for the Military Personnel accounts, the Operation and Maintenance accounts, the Procurement accounts, and the Research, Development, Test and Evaluation accounts: Provided, That these documents shall include a description of the funding requested for each contingency operation, for each military service, to include all Active and Reserve components, and for each appropriations account: Provided further, That these documents shall include estimated costs for each element of expense or object class, a reconciliation of increases and decreases for each contingency operation, and programmatic data including, but not limited to, troop strength for each Active and Reserve component, and estimates of the major weapons systems deployed in support of each contingency: Provided further, That these documents shall include budget exhibits OP–5 and OP–32 (as defined in the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation) for all contingency operations for the budget year and the two preceding fiscal years. SEC. 8075. None of the funds in this Act may be used for research, development, test, evaluation, procurement or deployment of nuclear armed interceptors of a missile defense system. 
(RESCISSION)  SEC. 8076. Of the funds available to the Secretary of Defense in the ‘‘Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense’’ account, $250,000,000 are rescinded. SEC. 8077. The Secretary of Defense may use up to $800,000,000 of the amounts appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act to the Department of Defense for the rapid acquisition and deployment of supplies and associated support services pursuant to section 806 of the Bob Stump National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2003 (Public Law 107–314; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note): Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees promptly of all uses of this authority. SEC. 8078. None of the funds appropriated or made available in this Act shall be used to reduce or disestablish the operation of the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron of the Air Force Reserve, if such action would reduce the WC–130 Weather Reconnaissance mission below the levels funded in this Act: Provided, That the Air Force shall allow the 53rd Weather Reconnaissance Squadron to perform other missions in support of national defense requirements during the nonhurricane season. SEC. 8079. None of the funds provided in this Act shall be available for integration of foreign intelligence information unless the information has been lawfully collected and processed during the conduct of authorized foreign intelligence activities: Provided, That information pertaining to United States persons shall only be handled in accordance with protections provided in the Fourth Amendment of the United States Constitution as implemented through Executive Order No. 12333. SEC. 8080. (a) None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used to transfer research and development, acquisition, or other program authority relating to current tactical unmanned aerial vehicles (TUAVs) from the Army. (b) The Army shall retain responsibility for and operational control of the MQ–1C Gray Eagle Unmanned Aerial Vehicle (UAV) in order to support the Secretary of Defense in matters relating to the employment of unmanned aerial vehicles. SEC. 8081. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for programs of the Office of the Director of National Intelligence shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year, except for funds appropriated for research and technology, which shall remain available until September 30, 2020. SEC. 8082. For purposes of section 1553(b) of title 31, United States Code, any subdivision of appropriations made in this Act under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ shall be considered to be for the same purpose as any subdivision under the heading ‘‘Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy’’ appropriations in any prior fiscal year, and the 1 percent limitation shall apply to the total amount of the appropriation. SEC. 8083. (a) Not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of National Intelligence shall submit a report to the congressional intelligence committees to establish the baseline for application of reprogramming and transfer authorities for fiscal year 2019: Provided, That the report shall include— (1) a table for each appropriation with a separate column to display the President’s budget request, adjustments made by Congress, adjustments due to enacted rescissions, if appropriate, and the fiscal year enacted level; (2) a delineation in the table for each appropriation by Expenditure Center and project; and (3) an identification of items of special congressional interest. (b) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this Act shall be available for reprogramming or transfer until the report identified in subsection (a) is submitted to the congressional intelligence committees, unless the Director of National Intelligence certifies in writing to the congressional intelligence committees that such reprogramming or transfer is necessary as an emergency requirement. SEC. 8084 None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to eliminate, restructure, or realign Army Contracting Command—New Jersey or make disproportionate personnel reductions at any Army Contracting Command— New Jersey sites without 30day prior notification to the congressional defense committees. SEC. 8085. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any transfer of funds, appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act, for support to friendly foreign countries in connection with the conduct of operations in which the United States is not participating, pursuant to section 331(d) of title 10, United States Code, shall be made in accordance with sections 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. SEC. 8086. Any transfer of amounts appropriated to, credited to, or deposited in the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund in or for fiscal year 2019 to a military department or Defense Agency pursuant to section 1705(e)(1) of title 10, United States Code, shall be covered by and subject to sections 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. SEC. 8087. None of the funds made available by this Act for excess defense articles, assistance under section 333 of title 10, United States Code, or peacekeeping operations for the countries designated annually to be in violation of the standards of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008 (Public Law 110–457; 22 U.S.C. 2370c–1) may be used to support any military training or operation that includes child soldiers, as defined by the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008, unless such assistance is otherwise permitted under section 404 of the Child Soldiers Prevention Act of 2008. SEC. 8088. (a) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that— (1) creates a new start effort; (2) terminates a program with appropriated funding of $10,000,000 or more; (3) transfers funding into or out of the National Intelligence Program; or (4) transfers funding between appropriations, unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be reduced for urgent national security requirements. (b) None of the funds provided for the National Intelligence Program in this or any prior appropriations Act shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming or transfer of funds in accordance with section 102A(d) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3024(d)) that results in a cumulative increase or decrease of the levels specified in the classified annex accompanying the Act unless the congressional intelligence committees are notified 30 days in advance of such reprogramming of funds; this notification period may be reduced for urgent national security requirements. SEC. 8089. The Director of National Intelligence shall submit to Congress each year, at or about the time that the President’s budget is submitted to Congress that year under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, a future years intelligence program (including associated annexes) reflecting the estimated expenditures and proposed appropriations included in that budget. Any such futureyears intelligence program shall cover the fiscal year with respect to which the budget is submitted and at least the four succeeding fiscal years. SEC. 8090. For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘congressional intelligence committees’’ means the Permanent Select Committee on Intelligence of the House of Representatives, the Select Committee on Intelligence of the Senate, the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, and the Subcommittee on Defense of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8091. During the current fiscal year, not to exceed $11,000,000 from each of the appropriations made in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, and ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’ may be transferred by the military department concerned to its central fund established for Fisher Houses and Suites pursuant to section 2493(d) of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8092. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be available for the purpose of making remittances to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund in accordance with section 1705 of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8093. (a) Any agency receiving funds made available in this Act, shall, subject to subsections (b) and (c), post on the public Web site of that agency any report required to be submitted by the Congress in this or any other Act, upon the determination by the head of the agency that it shall serve the national interest. 
(b) Subsection (a) shall not apply to a report if— (1) the public posting of the report compromises national security; or (2) the report contains proprietary information. (c) The head of the agency posting such report shall do so only after such report has been made available to the requesting Committee or Committees of Congress for no less than 45 days. SEC. 8094. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal contract for an amount in excess of $1,000,000, unless the contractor agrees not to— (1) enter into any agreement with any of its employees or independent contractors that requires, as a condition of employment, that the employee or independent contractor agree to resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention; or (2) take any action to enforce any provision of an existing agreement with an employee or independent contractor that mandates that the employee or independent contractor resolve through arbitration any claim under title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964 or any tort related to or arising out of sexual assault or harassment, including assault and battery, intentional infliction of emotional distress, false imprisonment, or negligent hiring, supervision, or retention. (b) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be expended for any Federal contract unless the contractor certifies that it requires each covered subcontractor to agree not to enter into, and not to take any action to enforce any provision of, any agreement as described in paragraphs (1) and (2) of subsection (a), with respect to any employee or independent contractor performing work related to such subcontract. For purposes of this subsection, a ‘‘covered subcontractor’’ is an entity that has a subcontract in excess of $1,000,000 on a contract subject to subsection (a). (c) The prohibitions in this section do not apply with respect to a contractor’s or subcontractor’s agreements with employees or independent contractors that may not be enforced in a court of the United States. (d) The Secretary of Defense may waive the application of subsection (a) or (b) to a particular contractor or subcontractor for the purposes of a particular contract or subcontract if the Secretary or the Deputy Secretary personally determines that the waiver is necessary to avoid harm to national security interests of the United States, and that the term of the contract or subcontract is not longer than necessary to avoid such harm. The determination shall set forth with specificity the grounds for the waiver and for the contract or subcontract term selected, and shall state any alternatives considered in lieu of a waiver and the reasons each such alternative would not avoid harm to national security interests of the United States. The Secretary of Defense shall transmit to Congress, and simultaneously make public, any determination under this subsection not less than 15 business days before the contract or subcontract addressed in the determination may be awarded. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8095. From within the funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program in this Act, up to $113,000,000, shall be available for transfer to the Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund in accordance with the provisions of section 1704 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2010, Public Law 111–84: Provided, That for purposes of section 1704(b), the facility operations funded are operations of the integrated Captain James A. Lovell Federal Health Care Center, consisting of the North Chicago Veterans Affairs Medical Center, the Navy Ambulatory Care Center, and supporting facilities designated as a combined Federal medical facility as described by section 706 of Public Law 110–417: Provided further, That additional funds may be transferred from funds appropriated for operation and maintenance for the Defense Health Program to the Joint Department of DefenseDepartment of Veterans Affairs Medical Facility Demonstration Fund upon written notification by the Secretary of Defense to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. SEC. 8096. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be used by the Department of Defense or a component thereof in contravention of the provisions of section 130h of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8097. Appropriations available to the Department of Defense may be used for the purchase of heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8098. Upon a determination by the Director of National Intelligence that such action is necessary and in the national interest, the Director may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer not to exceed $1,500,000,000 of the funds made available in this Act for the National Intelligence Program: Provided, That such authority to transfer may not be used unless for higher priority items, based on unforeseen intelligence requirements, than those for which originally appropriated and in no case where the item for which funds are requested has been denied by the Congress: Provided further, That a request for multiple reprogrammings of funds using authority provided in this section shall be made prior to June 30, 2019. SEC. 8099. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to transfer, release, or assist in the transfer or release to or within the United States, its territories, or possessions Khalid Sheikh Mohammed or any other detainee who— (1) is not a United States citizen or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is or was held on or after June 24, 2009, at United States Naval Station, Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, by the Department of Defense. SEC. 8100. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this or any other Act may be used to construct, acquire, or modify any facility in the United States, its territories, or possessions to house any individual described in subsection (c) for the purposes of detention or imprisonment in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense. (b) The prohibition in subsection (a) shall not apply to any modification of facilities at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. (c) An individual described in this subsection is any individual who, as of June 24, 2009, is located at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba, and who— (1) is not a citizen of the United States or a member of the Armed Forces of the United States; and (2) is— (A) in the custody or under the effective control of the Department of Defense; or (B) otherwise under detention at United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. SEC. 8101. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available in this Act may be used to transfer any individual detained at United States Naval Station Guanta ´namo Bay, Cuba, to the custody or control of the individual’s country of origin, any other foreign country, or any other foreign entity except in accordance with section 1034 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92) and section 1035 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232). SEC. 8102. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.). SEC. 8103. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be used by the Secretary of Defense, or any other official or officer of the Department of Defense, to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, or make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to Rosoboronexport or any subsidiary of Rosoboronexport. (b) The Secretary of Defense may waive the limitation in subsection (a) if the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of State and the Director of National Intelligence, determines that it is in the vital national security interest of the United States to do so, and certifies in writing to the congressional defense committees that, to the best of the Secretary’s knowledge: (1) Rosoboronexport has ceased the transfer of lethal military equipment to, and the maintenance of existing lethal military equipment for, the Government of the Syrian Arab Republic; (2) The armed forces of the Russian Federation have withdrawn from Crimea, other than armed forces present on military bases subject to agreements in force between the Government of the Russian Federation and the Government of Ukraine; and (3) Agents of the Russian Federation have ceased taking active measures to destabilize the control of the Government of Ukraine over eastern Ukraine. (c) The Inspector General of the Department of Defense shall conduct a review of any action involving Rosoboronexport with respect to a waiver issued by the Secretary of Defense pursuant to subsection (b), and not later than 90 days after the date on which such a waiver is issued by the Secretary of Defense, the Inspector General shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report containing the results of the review conducted with respect to such waiver. SEC. 8104. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for the purchase or manufacture of a flag of the United States unless such flags are treated as covered items under section 2533a(b) of title 10, United States Code. SEC. 8105. The Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Service Secretaries, shall submit two reports to the congressional defense committees, not later than March 1, 2019, and not later than September 1, 2019, detailing the submission of records during the previous 6 months to databases accessible to the National Instant Criminal Background Check System (NICS), including the Interstate Identification Index (III), the National Crime Information Center (NCIC), and the NICS Index, as required by Public Law 110–180: Provided, That such reports shall provide the number and category of records submitted by month to each such database, by Service or Component: Provided further, That such reports shall identify the number and category of records submitted by month to those databases for which the Identification for Firearm Sales (IFFS) flag or other database flags were used to prevalidate the records and indicate that such persons are prohibited from receiving or possessing a firearm: Provided further, That such reports shall describe the steps taken during the previous 6 months, by Service or Component, to ensure complete and accurate submission and appropriate flagging of records of individuals prohibited from gun possession or receipt pursuant to 18 U.S.C. 922(g) or (n) including applicable records involving proceedings under the Uniform Code of Military Justice. 
SEC. 8106. (a) Of the funds appropriated in this Act for the Department of Defense, amounts should be made available, under such regulations as the Secretary of Defense may prescribe, to local military commanders appointed by the Secretary, or by an officer or employee designated by the Secretary, to provide at their discretion ex gratia payments in amounts consistent with subsection (d) of this section for damage, personal injury, or death that is incident to combat operations of the Armed Forces in a foreign country. (b) An ex gratia payment under this section may be provided only if— (1) the prospective foreign civilian recipient is determined by the local military commander to be friendly to the United States; (2) a claim for damages would not be compensable under chapter 163 of title 10, United States Code (commonly known as the ‘‘Foreign Claims Act’’); and (3) the property damage, personal injury, or death was not caused by action by an enemy. (c) Any payments provided under a program under subsection (a) shall not be considered an admission or acknowledgement of any legal obligation to compensate for any damage, personal injury, or death. (d) If the Secretary of Defense determines a program under subsection (a) to be appropriate in a particular setting, the amounts of payments, if any, to be provided to civilians determined to have suffered harm incident to combat operations of the Armed Forces under the program should be determined pursuant to regulations prescribed by the Secretary and based on an assessment, which should include such factors as cultural appropriateness and prevailing economic conditions. (e) Local military commanders shall receive legal advice before making ex gratia payments under this subsection. The legal advisor, under regulations of the Department of Defense, shall advise on whether an ex gratia payment is proper under this section and applicable Department of Defense regulations. (f) A written record of any ex gratia payment offered or denied shall be kept by the local commander and on a timely basis submitted to the appropriate office in the Department of Defense as determined by the Secretary of Defense. (g) The Secretary of Defense shall report to the congressional defense committees on an annual basis the efficacy of the ex gratia payment program including the number of types of cases considered, amounts offered, the response from ex gratia payment recipients, and any recommended modifications to the program. SEC. 8107. None of the funds available in this Act to the Department of Defense, other than appropriations made for necessary or routine refurbishments, upgrades or maintenance activities, shall be used to reduce or to prepare to reduce the number of deployed and nondeployed strategic delivery vehicles and launchers below the levels set forth in the report submitted to Congress in accordance with section 1042 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2012. SEC. 8108. The Secretary of Defense shall post grant awards on a public Website in a searchable format. SEC. 8109. The Secretary of each military department, in reducing each research, development, test and evaluation and procurement account of the military department as required under paragraph (1) of section 828(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2430 note), as amended by section 825(a)(3) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2018, shall allocate the percentage reduction determined under paragraph (2) of such section 828(d) proportionally from all programs, projects, or activities under such account: Provided, That the authority under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 10 U.S.C. 2302 note) to transfer amounts available in the Rapid Prototyping Fund shall be subject to section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. SEC. 8110. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to fund the performance of a flight demonstration team at a location outside of the United States: Provided, That this prohibition applies only if a performance of a flight demonstration team at a location within the United States was canceled during the current fiscal year due to insufficient funding. SEC. 8111. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the National Security Agency to— (1) conduct an acquisition pursuant to section 702 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978 for the purpose of targeting a United States person; or (2) acquire, monitor, or store the contents (as such term is defined in section 2510(8) of title 18, United States Code) of any electronic communication of a United States person from a provider of electronic communication services to the public pursuant to section 501 of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act of 1978. SEC. 8112. None of the funds made available by this Act may be obligated or expended to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the Senate approves a resolution of ratification for the Treaty. SEC. 8113. None of the funds made available in this or any other Act may be used to pay the salary of any officer or employee of any agency funded by this Act who approves or implements the transfer of administrative responsibilities or budgetary resources of any program, project, or activity financed by this Act to the jurisdiction of another Federal agency not financed by this Act without the express authorization of Congress: Provided, That this limitation shall not apply to transfers of funds expressly provided for in Defense Appropriations Acts, or provisions of Acts providing supplemental appropriations for the Department of Defense. SEC. 8114. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $310,805,000, to remain available until expended, may be used for any purposes related to the National Defense Reserve Fleet established under section 11 of the Merchant Ship Sales Act of 1946 (50 U.S.C. 4405): Provided, That such amounts are available for reimbursements to the Ready Reserve Force, Maritime Administration account of the United States Department of Transportation for programs, projects, activities, and expenses related to the National Defense Reserve Fleet. SEC. 8115. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated for activities authorized under section 1208 of the Ronald W. Reagan National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2005 (Public Law 112–81; 125 Stat. 1621) to initiate support for, or expand support to, foreign forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals unless the congressional defense committees are notified in accordance with the direction contained in the classified annex accompanying this Act, not less than 15 days before initiating such support: Provided, That none of the funds made available in this Act may be used under section 1208 for any activity that is not in support of an ongoing military operation being conducted by United States Special Operations Forces to combat terrorism: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive the prohibitions in this section if the Secretary determines that such waiver is required by extraordinary circumstances and, by not later than 72 hours after making such waiver, notifies the congressional defense committees of such waiver. SEC. 8116. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed forces into hostilities in Iraq, into situations in Iraq where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Iraqi territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of such Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). SEC. 8117. None of the funds provided in this Act for the TAO Fleet Oiler program shall be used to award a new contract that provides for the acquisition of the following components unless those components are manufactured in the United States: Auxiliary equipment (including pumps) for shipboard services; propulsion equipment (including engines, reduction gears, and propellers); shipboard cranes; and spreaders for shipboard cranes. SEC. 8118. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, to mitigate higher than anticipated fuel costs, the total amount appropriated in title II of this Act is hereby increased by $750,000,000. SEC. 8119. No amounts credited or otherwise made available in this or any other Act to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund may be transferred to: (1) the Rapid Prototyping Fund established under section 804(d) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (10 U.S.C. 2302 note); or (2) credited to a militarydepartment specific fund established under section 804(d)(2) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (as amended by section 897 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017). SEC. 8120. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used for Government Travel Charge Card expenses by military or civilian personnel of the Department of Defense for gaming, or for entertainment that includes topless or nude entertainers or participants, as prohibited by Department of Defense FMR, Volume 9, Chapter 3 and Department of Defense Instruction 1015.10 (enclosure 3, 14a and 14b). SEC. 8121. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, from funds made available to the Department of Defense in title II of this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, $15,000,000 shall be available for a project in a country designated by the Secretary of Defense: Provided, That in furtherance of the project, the Department of Defense is authorized to acquire services, including services performed pursuant to a grant agreement, from another Federal agency, on an advance of funds or reimbursable basis: Provided further, That an order for services placed under this section is deemed to be an obligation in the same manner that a similar order placed under a contract with a private contractor is an obligation. SEC. 8122. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to propose, plan for, or execute a new or additional Base Realignment and Closure (BRAC) round. SEC. 8123. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be made available to deliver F–35 aircraft to the Republic of Turkey, except in accordance with section 1282 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 (Public Law 115–232). 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 8124. Of the amounts appropriated in this Act, the Secretary of Defense may use up to $65,442,000 under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, and up to $55,400,000 under the heading ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, DefenseWide’’ to develop, replace, and sustain Federal Government security and suitability background investigation information technology systems of the Office of Personnel Management or other Federal agency responsible for conducting such investigations: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer additional amounts into these headings or into ‘‘Procurement, DefenseWide’’ using established reprogramming procedures prescribed 
in the Department of Defense Financial Management Regulation 7000.14, Volume 3, Chapter 6, dated September 2015: Provided further, That such funds shall supplement, not supplant any other amounts made available to other Federal agencies for such purposes. SEC. 8125. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to carry out the closure or realignment of the United States Naval Station, Guanta´namo Bay, Cuba. SEC. 8126. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network is designed to block access to pornography websites. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities, or for any activity necessary for the national defense, including intelligence activities. SEC. 8127. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any transfer of funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act to the Global Engagement Center established by section 1287 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 (Public Law 114–328; 130 Stat. 22 U.S.C. 2656 note) shall be made in accordance with section 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as applicable. SEC. 8128. In addition to amounts provided elsewhere in this Act, there is appropriated $270,000,000, for an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such funds shall only be available to the Secretary of Defense, acting through the Office of Economic Adjustment of the Department of Defense, or for transfer to the Secretary of Education, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to make grants, conclude cooperative agreements, or supplement other Federal funds to construct, renovate, repair, or expand elementary and secondary public schools on military installations in order to address capacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools: Provided further, That in making such funds available, the Office of Economic Adjustment or the Secretary of Education shall give priority consideration to those military installations with schools having the most serious capacity or facility condition deficiencies as determined by the Secretary of Defense: Provided further, That as a condition of receiving funds under this section a local educational agency or State shall provide a matching share as described in the notice titled ‘‘Department of Defense Program for Construction, Renovation, Repair or Expansion of Public Schools Located on Military Installations’’ published by the Department of Defense in the Federal Register on September 9, 2011 (76 Fed. Reg. 55883 et seq.): Provided further, That these provisions apply to funds provided under this section, and to funds previously provided by Congress to construct, renovate, repair, or expand elementary and secondary public schools on military installations in order to address capacity or facility condition deficiencies at such schools to the extent such funds remain unobligated on the date of enactment of this section. SEC. 8129. In carrying out the program described in the memorandum on the subject of ‘‘Policy for Assisted Reproductive Services for the Benefit of Seriously or Severely Ill/Injured (Category II or III) Active Duty Service Members’’ issued by the Assistant Secretary of Defense for Health Affairs on April 3, 2012, and the guidance issued to implement such memorandum, the Secretary of Defense shall apply such policy and guidance, except that— (1) the limitation on periods regarding embryo cryopreservation and storage set forth in part III(G) and in part IV(H) of such memorandum shall not apply; and (2) the term ‘‘assisted reproductive technology’’ shall include embryo cryopreservation and storage without limitation on the duration of such cryopreservation and storage. SEC. 8130. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. SEC. 8131. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to purchase heavy water from Iran. SEC. 8132. The amount appropriated in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ is hereby reduced by $50,000,000 to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. SEC. 8133. The amount appropriated in title II of this Act for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’ is hereby reduced by $50,000,000 to reflect excess cash balances in Department of Defense Working Capital Funds. SEC. 8134. None of the funds provided for, or otherwise made available, in this or any other Act, may be obligated or expended by the Secretary of Defense to provide motorized vehicles, aviation platforms, munitions other than small arms and munitions appropriate for customary ceremonial honors, operational military units, or operational military platforms if the Secretary determines that providing such units, platforms, or equipment would undermine the readiness of such units, platforms, or equipment. SEC. 8135. The Secretary of Defense may obligate and expend funds made available under this Act for procurement or for research, development, test and evaluation for the F–35 Joint Strike Fighter to modify up to six F–35 aircraft, including up to two F–35 aircraft of each variant, to a test configuration: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall, with the concurrence of the Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Navy, notify the congressional defense committees not fewer than 30 days prior to obligating and expending funds under this section: Provided further, That any transfer of funds pursuant to the authority provided in this section shall be made in accordance with sections 8005 or 9002 of this Act, as appropriate, if applicable. SEC. 8136. Amounts appropriated for ‘‘Defense Health Program’’ in this Act and hereafter may be obligated to make death gratuity payments, as authorized in subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 10, United States Code, if no appropriation for ‘‘Military Personnel’’ is available for obligation for such payments: Provided, That such obligations may subsequently be recorded against appropriations available for ‘‘Military Personnel’’. SEC. 8137. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act may be obligated or expended by the Department of Defense to migrate data and applications to the proposed Joint Enterprise Defense Infrastructure or the Defense Enterprise Office Solutions cloud computing services until a period of 90 days has elapsed following the date on which the Secretary of Defense submits to the congressional defense committees— (1) a proposed plan to establish a budget accounting system that provides transparency across the Department, including all military Services and Defense Agencies, for funds requested and expended for all cloud computing services procured by the Department and funds requested and expended to migrate to a cloud computing environment; and (2) a detailed description of the Department’s strategy to implement enterprisewide cloud computing, including the goals and acquisition strategies for all proposed enterprisewide cloud computing service procurements; the strategy to sustain competition and innovation throughout the period of performance of each contract, including defining opportunities for multiple cloud service providers and insertion of new technologies; and an assessment of potential threats and security vulnerabilities of the proposed cloud computing strategy, and plans to mitigate such risks. SEC. 8138. (a) None of the funds made available by this or any other Act may be used to enter into a contract, memorandum of understanding, or cooperative agreement with, make a grant to, or provide a loan or loan guarantee to any corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability that has been assessed, for which all judicial and administrative remedies have been exhausted or have lapsed, and that is not being paid in a timely manner pursuant to an agreement with the authority responsible for collecting such tax liability, provided that the applicable Federal agency is aware of the unpaid Federal tax liability. (b) Subsection (a) shall not apply if the applicable Federal agency has considered suspension or debarment of the corporation described in such subsection and has made a determination that such suspension or debarment is not necessary to protect the interests of the Federal Government. SEC. 8139. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act may be obligated or expended for assistance to the Islamic Republic of Iran unless specifically appropriated for that purpose. SEC. 8140. From amounts appropriated or otherwise made available by title II of this division under the heading ‘‘OPERATION AND MAINTE NANCE , AIRFORCE’’, the Secretary of Defense may reimburse the Government of the Republic of Palau in an amount not to exceed $9,700,000 for land acquisition costs for defense sites. SEC. 8141. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used in contravention of— (1) Executive Order No. 13175 (65 Fed. Reg. 67249; relating to consultation and coordination with Indian Tribal governments); or (2) section 1501.2(d)(2) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations. SEC. 8142. Of the funds appropriated to the Department of Defense under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard’’, not more than $20,000,000 shall be available to the Secretary of the Air Force for payments to a local water authority located in the vicinity of an Air National Guard base, or to a state in which the local water authority is located, for the treatment of perfluorooctane sulfonic acid and perfluorooctanoic acid in drinking water from the wells owned and operated by the local water authority undertaken to attain the United States Environmental Protection Agency Lifetime Health Advisory level for such acids: Provided, That the applicable Lifetime Health Advisory shall be the one in effect on October 1, 2017: Provided further, That the local water authority must have requested such a payment from the National Guard Bureau in fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That the elevated levels of such acids in the water was the result of activities conducted by or paid for by the Department of the Air Force: Provided further, That such funds may be expended without regard to existing contractual provisions in agreements between the Department of the Air Force or the National Guard Bureau, as the case may be, and the state in which the base is located relating to environmental response actions or indemnification: Provided further, That, in order to be eligible for payment under this section, such treatment must have taken place after January 1, 2017, but prior to the date of enactment of this act, and the local water authority or state, as the case may be, must waive all claims for treatment expenses incurred before such date of enactment: Provided further, That any payment under this section may not exceed the actual cost of such treatment resulting from the activities conducted by or paid for by the Department of the Air Force: Provided further, That the Secretary may enter into such agreements with the local water authority or state as may be necessary to implement this section: Provided further, That the Secretary may pay, utilizing the Defense State Memorandum of Agreement, costs that would otherwise be eligible for payment under that agreement were those costs paid 
using funds appropriated to the Environmental Restoration Account, Air Force, established under section 2703(a)(4) of title 10, United States Code. TITLE IX OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS MILITARY PERSONNEL MILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Army’’, $2,929,154,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Navy’’, $385,461,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $109,232,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Personnel, Air Force’’, $964,508,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Army’’, $37,007,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Navy’’, $11,100,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Marine Corps’’, $2,380,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Reserve Personnel, Air Force’’, $21,076,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Army’’, $195,283,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘National Guard Personnel, Air Force’’, $5,460,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’, $18,548,500,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy’’, $5,172,155,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $1,292,995,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $9,828,674,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’, $8,105,991,000: Provided, That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $900,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be for payments to reimburse key cooperating nations for logistical, military, and other support, including access, provided to United States military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided further, That such reimbursement payments may be made in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, and in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, may determine, based on documentation determined by the Secretary of Defense to adequately account for the support provided, and such determination is final and conclusive upon the accounting officers of the United States, and 15 days following notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further, That these funds may be used for the purpose of providing specialized training and procuring supplies and specialized equipment and providing such supplies and loaning such equipment on a nonreimbursable basis to coalition forces supporting United States military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and 15 days following notification to the appropriate congressional committees: Provided further, That these funds may be used to support the Government of Jordan in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine, to enhance the ability of the armed forces of Jordan to increase or sustain security along its borders, upon 15 days prior written notification to the congressional defense committees outlining the amounts intended to be provided and the nature of the expenses incurred: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not to exceed $793,442,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, shall be available to provide support and assistance to foreign security forces or other groups or individuals to conduct, support or facilitate counterterrorism, crisis response, or other Department of Defense security cooperation programs: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the use of funds provided in this paragraph: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve’’, $41,887,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve’’, $25,637,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS RESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve’’, $3,345,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE RESERVE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve’’, $60,500,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMYNATIONAL  GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard’’, $110,729,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard’’, $15,870,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND For the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’, $4,920,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense for the purpose of allowing the Commander, Combined Security Transition Command—Afghanistan, or the Secretary’s designee, to provide assistance, with the concurrence of the Secretary of State, to the security forces of Afghanistan, including the provision of equipment, supplies, services, training, facility and infrastructure repair, renovation, construction, and funding: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may obligate and expend funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title for additional costs associated with existing projects previously funded with amounts provided under 
the heading ‘‘Afghanistan Infrastructure Fund’’ in prior Acts: Provided further, That such costs shall be limited to contract changes resulting from inflation, market fluctuation, rate adjustments, and other necessary contract actions to complete existing projects, and associated supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction: Provided further, That the Secretary may not use more than $50,000,000 under the authority provided in this section: Provided further, That the Secretary shall notify in advance such contract changes and adjustments in annual reports to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the authority to provide assistance under this heading is in addition to any other authority to provide assistance to foreign nations: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any person, foreign government, or international organization may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees in writing upon the receipt and upon the obligation of any contribution, delineating the sources and amounts of the funds received and the specific use of such contributions: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall notify the congressional defense committees of any proposed new projects or transfer of funds between budget subactivity groups in excess of $20,000,000: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan or transferred to the security forces of Afghanistan and returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this heading, not less than $10,000,000 shall be for recruitment and retention of women in the Afghanistan National Security Forces, and the recruitment and training of female security personnel: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. COUNTER ISIS T RAIN AND EQUIP FUND For the ‘‘CounterIslamic State of Iraq and Syria Train and Equip Fund’’, $1,352,200,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including training; equipment; logistics support, supplies, and services; stipends; infrastructure repair and renovation; and sustainment, to foreign security forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and their affiliated or associated groups: Provided further, That these funds may be used in such amounts as the Secretary of Defense may determine to enhance the border security of nations adjacent to conflict areas including Jordan, Lebanon, Egypt, and Tunisia resulting from actions of the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided further, That amounts made available under this heading shall be available to provide assistance only for activities in a country designated by the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, as having a security mission to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria, and following written notification to the congressional defense committees of such designation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall ensure that prior to providing assistance to elements of any forces or individuals, such elements or individuals are appropriately vetted, including at a minimum, assessing such elements for associations with terrorist groups or groups associated with the Government of Iran; and receiving commitments from such elements to promote respect for human rights and the rule of law: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not fewer than 15 days prior to obligating from this appropriation account, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may accept and retain contributions, including assistance inkind, from foreign governments, including the Government of Iraq and other entities, to carry out assistance authorized under this heading: Provided further, That contributions of funds for the purposes provided herein from any foreign government or other entity may be credited to this Fund, to remain available until expended, and used for such purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense may waive a provision of law relating to the acquisition of items and support services or sections 40 and 40A of the Arms Export Control Act (22 U.S.C. 2780 and 2785) if the Secretary determines that such provision of law would prohibit, restrict, delay or otherwise limit the provision of such assistance and a notice of and justification for such waiver is submitted to the congressional defense committees, the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Relations of the Senate and the Committees on Appropriations and Foreign Affairs of the House of Representatives: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, that was transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria and returned by such forces or groups to the United States, and such equipment may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading, or under the heading, ‘‘Iraq Train and Equip Fund’’ in prior Acts, and not yet transferred to security forces, irregular forces, or groups participating, or preparing to participate in activities to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense when determined by the Secretary to no longer be required for transfer to such forces or groups and upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the use of funds provided under this heading, including, but not limited to, the number of individuals trained, the nature and scope of support and sustainment provided to each group or individual, the area of operations for each group, and the contributions of other countries, groups, or individuals: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Army’’, $346,963,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Procurement, Army’’, $1,729,904,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  COMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army’’, $1,102,108,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Army’’, $299,075,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER PROCUREMENT , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Army’’, $1,364,045,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Navy’’, $232,119,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. WEAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Weapons Procurement, Navy’’, $14,134,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $229,783,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER PROCUREMENT , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Navy’’, $181,173,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Marine Corps’’, $58,023,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such 
amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, $955,248,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Missile Procurement, Air Force’’, $493,526,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force’’, $1,371,516,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Other Procurement, Air Force’’, $3,677,276,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. PROCUREMENT , DEFENSE WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, DefenseWide’’, $572,135,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , ARMY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army’’, $300,604,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , NAVY For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy’’, $167,812,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force’’, $321,934,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , DEFENSE WIDE For an additional amount for ‘‘Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Defense Wide’’, $403,044,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS DEFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Working Capital Funds’’, $15,190,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Defense Health Program’’, $352,068,000, which shall be for operation and maintenance: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DRUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES , DEFENSE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, Defense’’, $153,100,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of the Inspector General’’, $24,692,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE SEC. 9001. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this title are in addition to amounts appropriated or otherwise made available for the Department of Defense for fiscal year 2019. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 9002. Upon the determination of the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary in the national interest, the Secretary may, with the approval of the Office of Management and Budget, transfer up to $2,000,000,000 between the appropriations or funds made available to the Department of Defense in this title: Provided, That the Secretary shall notify the Congress promptly of each transfer made pursuant to the authority in this section: Provided further, That the authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority available to the Department of Defense and is subject to the same terms and conditions as the authority provided in section 8005 of this Act. SEC. 9003. Supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction associated with a construction project funded with appropriations available for operation and maintenance or the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ provided in this Act and executed in direct support of overseas contingency operations in Afghanistan, may be obligated at the time a construction contract is awarded: Provided, That, for the purpose of this section, supervision and administration costs and costs for design during construction include all inhouse Government costs. SEC. 9004. From funds made available in this title, the Secretary of Defense may purchase for use by military and civilian employees of the Department of Defense in the United States Central Command area of responsibility: (1) passenger motor vehicles up to a limit of $75,000 per vehicle; and (2) heavy and light armored vehicles for the physical security of personnel or for force protection purposes up to a limit of $450,000 per vehicle, notwithstanding price or other limitations applicable to the purchase of passenger carrying vehicles. SEC. 9005. Not to exceed $10,000,000 of the amounts appropriated by this title under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Army’’ may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to fund the Commanders’ Emergency Response Program (CERP), for the purpose of enabling military commanders in Afghanistan to respond to urgent, smallscale, humanitarian relief and reconstruction requirements within their areas of responsibility: Provided, That each project (including any ancillary or related elements in connection with such project) executed under this authority shall not exceed $2,000,000: Provided further, That not later than 45 days after the end of each 6 months of the fiscal year, the Secretary of Defense shall submit to the congressional defense committees a report regarding the source of funds and the allocation and use of funds during that 6month period that were made available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein: Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after the end of each fiscal year quarter, the Army shall submit to the congressional defense committees quarterly commitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the CERP in Afghanistan: Provided further, That, not less than 15 days before making funds available pursuant to the authority provided in this section or under any other provision of law for the purposes described herein for a project with a total anticipated cost for completion of $500,000 or more, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional defense committees a written notice containing each of the following: (1) The location, nature and purpose of the proposed project, including how the project is intended to advance the military campaign plan for the country in which it is to be carried out. (2) The budget, implementation timeline with milestones, and completion date for the proposed project, including any other CERP funding that has been or is anticipated to be contributed to the completion of the project. (3) A plan for the sustainment of the proposed project, including the agreement with either the host nation, a nonDepartment of Defense agency of the United States Government or a third party contributor to finance the sustainment of the activities and maintenance of any equipment or facilities to be provided through the proposed project. SEC. 9006. Funds available to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used, notwithstanding any other provision of law, to provide supplies, services, transportation, including airlift and sealift, and other logistical support to allied forces participating in a combined operation with the armed forces of the United States and coalition forces supporting military and stability operations in Afghanistan and to counter the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria: Provided, That the Secretary of Defense shall provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees regarding support provided under this section. SEC. 9007. None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this or any other Act shall be obligated or expended by the United States Government for a purpose as follows: 
(1) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Iraq. (2) To exercise United States control over any oil resource of Iraq. (3) To establish any military installation or base for the purpose of providing for the permanent stationing of United States Armed Forces in Afghanistan. SEC. 9008. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used in contravention of the following laws enacted or regulations promulgated to implement the United Nations Convention Against Torture and Other Cruel, Inhuman or Degrading Treatment or Punishment (done at New York on December 10, 1984): (1) Section 2340A of title 18, United States Code. (2) Section 2242 of the Foreign Affairs Reform and Restructuring Act of 1998 (division G of Public Law 105–277; 112 Stat. 2681–822; 8 U.S.C. 1231 note) and regulations prescribed thereto, including regulations under part 208 of title 8, Code of Federal Regulations, and part 95 of title 22, Code of Federal Regulations. (3) Sections 1002 and 1003 of the Department of Defense, Emergency Supplemental Appropriations to Address Hurricanes in the Gulf of Mexico, and Pandemic Influenza Act, 2006 (Public Law 109–148). SEC. 9009. None of the funds provided for the ‘‘Afghanistan Security Forces Fund’’ (ASFF) may be obligated prior to the approval of a financial and activity plan by the Afghanistan Resources Oversight Council (AROC) of the Department of Defense: Provided, That the AROC must approve the requirement and acquisition plan for any service requirements in excess of $50,000,000 annually and any nonstandard equipment requirements in excess of $100,000,000 using ASFF: Provided further, That the Department of Defense must certify to the congressional defense committees that the AROC has convened and approved a process for ensuring compliance with the requirements in the preceding proviso and accompanying report language for the ASFF. SEC. 9010. Funds made available in this title to the Department of Defense for operation and maintenance may be used to purchase items having an investment unit cost of not more than $250,000: Provided, That, upon determination by the Secretary of Defense that such action is necessary to meet the operational requirements of a Commander of a Combatant Command engaged in contingency operations overseas, such funds may be used to purchase items having an investment item unit cost of not more than $500,000. SEC. 9011. Up to $500,000,000 of funds appropriated by this Act for the Defense Security Cooperation Agency in ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’ may be used to provide assistance to the Government of Jordan to support the armed forces of Jordan and to enhance security along its borders. SEC. 9012. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘CounterISIS Train and Equip Fund’’ may be used to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. SEC. 9013. For the ‘‘Ukraine Security Assistance Initiative’’, $250,000,000 is hereby appropriated, to remain available until September 30, 2019: Provided, That such funds shall be available to the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, to provide assistance, including training; equipment; lethal assistance; logistics support, supplies and services; sustainment; and intelligence support to the military and national security forces of Ukraine, and for replacement of any weapons or articles provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States: Provided further, That of the amounts made available in this section, $50,000,000 shall be available only for lethal assistance described in paragraphs (2) and (3) of section 1250(b) of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 (Public Law 114–92; 129 Stat. 1068): Provided further, That the Secretary of Defense shall, not less than 15 days prior to obligating funds provided under this heading, notify the congressional defense committees in writing of the details of any such obligation: Provided further, That the United States may accept equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts that was transferred to the security forces of Ukraine and returned by such forces to the United States: Provided further, That equipment procured using funds provided under this heading in this or prior Acts, and not yet transferred to the military or National Security Forces of Ukraine or returned by such forces to the United States, may be treated as stocks of the Department of Defense upon written notification to the congressional defense committees: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SEC. 9014. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for replacement of funds for items provided to the Government of Ukraine from the inventory of the United States to the extent specifically provided for in section 9013 of this Act. SEC. 9015. None of the funds made available by this Act under section 9013 may be used to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. SEC. 9016. Equipment procured using funds provided in prior Acts under the heading ‘‘Counterterrorism Partnerships Fund’’ for the program authorized by section 1209 of the Carl Levin and Howard P. ‘‘Buck’’ McKeon National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2015 (Public Law 113–291), and not yet transferred to authorized recipients may be transferred to foreign security forces, irregular forces, groups, or individuals, authorized to receive assistance using amounts provided under the heading ‘‘CounterISIS Train and Equip Fund’’ in this Act: Provided, That such equipment may be transferred 15 days following written notification to the congressional defense committees. SEC. 9017. (a) None of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide’’ for payments under section 1233 of Public Law 110–181 for reimbursement to the Government of Pakistan may be made available unless the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, certifies to the congressional defense committees that the Government of Pakistan is— (1) cooperating with the United States in counterterrorism efforts against the Haqqani Network, the Quetta Shura Taliban, Lashkar e Tayyiba, JaisheMohammed, Al Qaeda, and other domestic and foreign terrorist organizations, including taking steps to end support for such groups and prevent them from basing and operating in Pakistan and carrying out cross border attacks into neighboring countries; (2) not supporting terrorist activities against United States or coalition forces in Afghanistan, and Pakistan’s military and intelligence agencies are not intervening extrajudicially into political and judicial processes in Pakistan; (3) dismantling improvised explosive device (IED) networks and interdicting precursor chemicals used in the manufacture of IEDs; (4) preventing the proliferation of nuclearrelated material and expertise; (5) implementing policies to protect judicial independence and due process of law; (6) issuing visas in a timely manner for United States visitors engaged in counterterrorism efforts and assistance programs in Pakistan; and (7) providing humanitarian organizations access to detainees, internally displaced persons, and other Pakistani civilians affected by the conflict. (b) The Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, may waive the restriction in subsection (a) on a casebycase basis by certifying in writing to the congressional defense committees that it is in the national security interest to do so: Provided, That if the Secretary of Defense, in coordination with the Secretary of State, exercises such waiver authority, the Secretaries shall report to the congressional defense committees on both the justification for the waiver and on the requirements of this section that the Government of Pakistan was not able to meet: Provided further, That such report may be submitted in classified form if necessary. (INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 9018. In addition to amounts otherwise made available in this Act, $500,000,000 is hereby appropriated to the Department of Defense and made available for transfer only to the operation and maintenance, military personnel, and procurement accounts, to improve the intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities of the Department of Defense: Provided, That the transfer authority provided in this section is in addition to any other transfer authority provided elsewhere in this Act: Provided further, That not later than 30 days prior to exercising the transfer authority provided in this section, the Secretary of Defense shall submit a report to the congressional defense committees on the proposed uses of these funds: Provided further, That the funds provided in this section may not be transferred to any program, project, or activity specifically limited or denied by this Act: Provided further, That amounts made available by this section are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the authority to provide funding under this section shall terminate on September 30, 2019. SEC. 9019. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used with respect to Syria in contravention of the War Powers Resolution (50 U.S.C. 1541 et seq.), including for the introduction of United States armed or military forces into hostilities in Syria, into situations in Syria where imminent involvement in hostilities is clearly indicated by the circumstances, or into Syrian territory, airspace, or waters while equipped for combat, in contravention of the congressional consultation and reporting requirements of sections 3 and 4 of that law (50 U.S.C. 1542 and 1543). SEC. 9020. None of the funds in this Act may be made available for the transfer of additional C–130 cargo aircraft to the Afghanistan National Security Forces or the Afghanistan Air Force until the Department of Defense provides a report to the congressional defense committees of the Afghanistan Air Force’s medium airlift requirements. The report should identify Afghanistan’s ability to utilize and maintain existing medium lift aircraft in the inventory and the best alternative platform, if necessary, to provide additional support to the Afghanistan Air Force’s current medium airlift capacity. 
(RESCISSIONS)  SEC. 9021. Of the funds appropriated in Department of Defense Appropriations Acts, the following funds are hereby rescinded from the following accounts and programs in the specified amounts: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: ‘‘Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps’’, 2017/2019, $2,216,000; ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide: Coalition Support Fund’’, 2018/2019, $800,000,000; 
‘‘Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide: DSCA Security Cooperation’’, 2018/2019, $150,000,000; ‘‘CounterISIS Train and Equip Fund’’, 2018/ 2019, $300,000,000; and ‘‘Aircraft Procurement, Air Force’’, 2018/2020, $88,400,000. SEC. 9022. Funds available for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund may be used to provide limited training, equipment, and other assistance that would otherwise be prohibited by 10 U.S.C. 362 to a unit of the security forces of Afghanistan only if the Secretary certifies to the congressional defense committees, within 30 days of a decision to provide such assistance, that (1) a denial of such assistance would present significant risk to U.S. or coalition forces or significantly undermine United States national security objectives in Afghanistan; and (2) the Secretary has sought a commitment by the Government of Afghanistan to take all necessary corrective steps: Provided, That such certification shall be accompanied by a report describing: (1) the information relating to the gross violation of human rights; (2) the circumstances that necessitated the provision of such assistance; (3) the Afghan security force unit involved; (4) the assistance provided and the assistance withheld; and (5) the corrective steps to be taken by the Government of Afghanistan: Provided further, That every 120 days after the initial report an additional report shall be submitted detailing the status of any corrective steps taken by the Government of Afghanistan: Provided further, That if the Government of Afghanistan has not initiated necessary corrective steps within one year of the certification, the authority under this section to provide assistance to such unit shall no longer apply: Provided further, That the Secretary shall submit a report to such committees detailing the final disposition of the case by the Government of Afghanistan. SEC. 9023. Each amount designated in this Act by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded, if applicable) only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION B—DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF LABOR EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING ADMINISTRATION  
TRAINING AND EMPLOYMENT SERVICES  For necessary expenses of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (referred to in this Act as ‘‘WIOA’’), the Second Chance Act of 2007, and the National Apprenticeship Act, $3,502,700,000, plus reimbursements, shall be available. Of the amounts provided: (1) for grants to States for adult employment and training activities, youth activities, and dislocated worker employment and training activities, $2,789,832,000 as follows: (A) $845,556,000 for adult employment and training activities, of which $133,556,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020, and of which $712,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020; (B) $903,416,000 for youth activities, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020; and (C) $1,040,860,000 for dislocated worker employment and training activities, of which $180,860,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020, and of which $860,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020: Provided, That the funds available for allotment to outlying areas to carry out subtitle B of title I of the WIOA shall not be subject to the requirements of section 127(b)(1)(B)(ii) of such Act; and (2) for national programs, $712,868,000 as follows: (A) $220,859,000 for the dislocated workers assistance national reserve, of which $20,859,000 shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through September 30, 2020, and of which $200,000,000 shall be available for the period October 1, 2019 through September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds provided to carry out section 132(a)(2)(A) of the WIOA may be used to provide assistance to a State for statewide or local use in order to address cases where there have been worker dislocations across multiple sectors or across multiple local areas and such workers remain dislocated; coordinate the State workforce development plan with emerging economic development needs; and train such eligible dislocated workers: Provided further, That funds provided to carry out sections 168(b) and 169(c) of the WIOA may be used for technical assistance and demonstration projects, respectively, that provide assistance to new entrants in the workforce and incumbent worker: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 168(b) of the WIOA, of the funds provided under this subparagraph, the Secretary of Labor (referred to in this title as ‘‘Secretary’’) may reserve not more than 10 percent of such funds to provide technical assistance and carry out additional activities related to the transition to the WIOA: Provided further, That of the funds provided under this subparagraph, $30,000,000 shall be for training and employment assistance under sections 168(b), 169(c) (notwithstanding the 10 percent limitation in such section) and 170 of the WIOA for workers in the Appalachian region, as defined by 40 U.S.C. 14102(a)(1) and workers in the Lower Mississippi, as defined in section 4(2) of the Delta Development Act (Public Law 100–460, 102 Stat. 2246; 7 U.S.C. 2009aa(2)); (B) $54,500,000 for Native American programs under section 166 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020; (C) $88,896,000 for migrant and seasonal farmworker programs under section 167 of the WIOA, including $82,447,000 for formula grants (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for employment and training services), $5,922,000 for migrant and seasonal housing (of which not less than 70 percent shall be for permanent housing), and $527,000 for other discretionary purposes, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law or related regulation, the Department of Labor shall take no action limiting the number or proportion of eligible participants receiving related assistance services or discouraging grantees from providing such services; (D) $89,534,000 for YouthBuild activities as described in section 171 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020; (E) $93,079,000 for exoffender activities, under the authority of section 169 of the WIOA and section 212 of the Second Chance Act of 2007, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020: Provided, That of this amount, $25,000,000 shall be for competitive grants to national and regional intermediaries for activities that prepare young exoffenders and school dropouts for employment, with a priority for projects serving highcrime, highpoverty areas; (F) $6,000,000 for the Workforce Data Quality Initiative, under the authority of section 169 of the WIOA, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020; and (G) $160,000,000 to expand opportunities relating to apprenticeship programs registered under the National Apprenticeship Act, to be available to the Secretary to carry out activities through grants, cooperative agreements, contracts and other arrangements, with States and other appropriate entities, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020. JOB CORPS  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  To carry out subtitle C of title I of the WIOA, including Federal administrative expenses, the purchase and hire of passenger motor vehicles, the construction, alteration, and repairs of buildings and other facilities, and the purchase of real property for training centers as authorized by the WIOA, $1,718,655,000, plus reimbursements, as follows: (1) $1,603,325,000 for Job Corps Operations, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020; (2) $83,000,000 for construction, rehabilitation and acquisition of Job Corps Centers, which shall be available for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2022, and which may include the acquisition, maintenance, and repair of major items of equipment: Provided, That the Secretary may transfer up to 15 percent of such funds to meet the operational needs of such centers or to achieve administrative efficiencies: Provided further, That any funds transferred pursuant to the preceding provision shall not be available for obligation after June 30, 2020: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer; and (3) $32,330,000 for necessary expenses of Job Corps, which shall be available for obligation for the period October 1, 2018 through September 30, 2019: Provided, That no funds from any other appropriation shall be used to provide meal services at or for Job Corps centers. 
AMERICANS  To carry out title V of the Older Americans Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘OAA’’), $400,000,000, which shall be available for the period April 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020, and may be recaptured and reobligated in accordance with section 517(c) of the OAA. 
ALLOWANCES  For payments during fiscal year 2019 of trade adjustment benefit payments and allowances under part I of subchapter B of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, and section 246 of that Act; and for training, employment and case management services, allowances for job search and relocation, and related State administrative expenses under part II of subchapter B of chapter 2 of title II of the Trade Act of 1974, and including benefit payments, allowances, training, employment and case management services, and related State administration provided pursuant to section 231(a) of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 and section 405(a) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, $790,000,000 together with such amounts as may be necessary to be charged to the subsequent appropriation for payments for any period subsequent to September 15, 2019: Provided, That notwithstanding section 502 of this Act, any part of the appropriation provided under this heading may remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year pursuant to the authorities of section 245(c) of the Trade Act of 1974 (19 U.S.C. 2317(c)). 
EMPLOYMENT SERVICE OPERATIONS  For authorized administrative expenses, $84,066,000, together with not to exceed $3,251,583,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund (‘‘the Trust Fund’’), of which: (1) $2,515,816,000 from the Trust Fund is for grants to States for the administration of State 
unemployment insurance laws as authorized under title III of the Social Security Act (including not less than $150,000,000 to carry out reemployment services and eligibility assessments under section 306 of such Act, any claimants of regular compensation, as defined in such section, including those who are profiled as most likely to exhaust their benefits, may be eligible for such services and assessments: Provided, That of such amount, $117,000,000 is specified for grants under section 306 of the Social Security Act and is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(E)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and $33,000,000 is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(E)(i)(II) of such Act; and $9,000,000 for continued support of the Unemployment Insurance Integrity Center of Excellence), the administration of unemployment insurance for Federal employees and for exservice members as authorized under 5 U.S.C. 8501–8523, and the administration of trade readjustment allowances, reemployment trade adjustment assistance, and alternative trade adjustment assistance under the Trade Act of 1974 and under section 231(a) of the Trade Adjustment Assistance Extension Act of 2011 and section 405(a) of the Trade Preferences Extension Act of 2015, and shall be available for obligation by the States through December 31, 2019, except that funds used for automation shall be available for Federal obligation through December 31, 2019, and for State obligation through September 30, 2021, or, if the automation is being carried out through consortia of States, for State obligation through September 30, 2024, and for expenditure through September 30, 2025, and funds for competitive grants awarded to States for improved operations and to conduct inperson reemployment and eligibility assessments and unemployment insurance improper payment reviews and provide reemployment services and referrals to training, as appropriate, shall be available for Federal obligation through December 31, 2019, and for obligation by the States through September 30, 2021, and funds for the Unemployment Insurance Integrity Center of Excellence shall be available for obligation by the State through September 30, 2020, and funds used for unemployment insurance workloads experienced through September 30, 2019 shall be available for Federal obligation through December 31, 2019; (2) $12,000,000 from the Trust Fund is for national activities necessary to support the administration of the FederalState unemployment insurance system; (3) $641,639,000 from the Trust Fund, together with $21,413,000 from the General Fund of the Treasury, is for grants to States in accordance with section 6 of the WagnerPeyser Act, and shall be available for Federal obligation for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020; (4) $19,818,000 from the Trust Fund is for national activities of the Employment Service, including administration of the work opportunity tax credit under section 51 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and the provision of technical assistance and staff training under the WagnerPeyser Act; (5) $62,310,000 from the Trust Fund is for the administration of foreign labor certifications and related activities under the Immigration and Nationality Act and related laws, of which $48,028,000 shall be available for the Federal administration of such activities, and $14,282,000 shall be available for grants to States for the administration of such activities; and (6) $62,653,000 from the General Fund is to provide workforce information, national electronic tools, and onestop system building under the WagnerPeyser Act and shall be available for Federal obligation for the period July 1, 2019 through June 30, 2020: Provided, That to the extent that the Average Weekly Insured Unemployment (‘‘AWIU’’) for fiscal year 2019 is projected by the Department of Labor to exceed 2,030,000, an additional $28,600,000 from the Trust Fund shall be available for obligation for every 100,000 increase in the AWIU level (including a pro rata amount for any increment less than 100,000) to carry out title III of the Social Security Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this Act that are allotted to a State to carry out activities under title III of the Social Security Act may be used by such State to assist other States in carrying out activities under such title III if the other States include areas that have suffered a major disaster declared by the President under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may use funds appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make payments on behalf of States for the use of the National Directory of New Hires under section 453(j)(8) of such Act: Provided further, That the Secretary may use funds appropriated for grants to States under title III of the Social Security Act to make payments on behalf of States to the entity operating the State Information Data Exchange System: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this Act which are used to establish a national onestop career center system, or which are used to support the national activities of the FederalState unemployment insurance, employment service, or immigration programs, may be obligated in contracts, grants, or agreements with States and nonState entities: Provided further, That States awarded competitive grants for improved operations under title III of the Social Security Act, or awarded grants to support the national activities of the FederalState unemployment insurance system, may award subgrants to other States and nonState entities under such grants, subject to the conditions applicable to the grants: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this Act for activities authorized under title III of the Social Security Act and the WagnerPeyser Act may be used by States to fund integrated Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service automation efforts, notwithstanding cost allocation principles prescribed under the final rule entitled ‘‘Uniform Administrative Requirements, Cost Principles, and Audit Requirements for Federal Awards’’ at part 200 of title 2, Code of Federal Regulations: Provided further, That the Secretary, at the request of a State participating in a consortium with other States, may reallot funds allotted to such State under title III of the Social Security Act to other States participating in the consortium or to the entity operating the Unemployment Insurance Information Technology Support Center in order to carry out activities that benefit the administration of the unemployment compensation law of the State making the request: Provided further, That the Secretary may collect fees for the costs associated with additional data collection, analyses, and reporting services relating to the National Agricultural Workers Survey requested by State and local governments, public and private institutions of higher education, and nonprofit organizations and may utilize such sums, in accordance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a, for the National Agricultural Workers Survey infrastructure, methodology, and data to meet the information collection and reporting needs of such entities, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until September 30, 2020, for such purposes. 
AND OTHER FUNDS  For repayable advances to the Unemployment Trust Fund as authorized by sections 905(d) and 1203 of the Social Security Act, and to the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund as authorized by section 9501(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and for nonrepayable advances to the revolving fund established by section 901(e) of the Social Security Act, to the Unemployment Trust Fund as authorized by 5 U.S.C. 8509, and to the ‘‘Federal Unemployment Benefits and Allowances’’ account, such sums as may be necessary, which shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2020. PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION  For expenses of administering employment and training programs, $108,674,000, together with not to exceed $49,982,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration Account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. EMPLOYEE BENEFITS SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Employee Benefits Security Administration, $181,000,000, of which up to $3,000,000 shall be made available through September 30, 2020, for the procurement of expert witnesses for enforcement litigation. PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION  
PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION FUND  The Pension Benefit Guaranty Corporation (‘‘Corporation’’) is authorized to make such expenditures, including financial assistance authorized by subtitle E of title IV of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974, within limits of funds and borrowing authority available to the Corporation, and in accord with law, and to make such contracts and commitments without regard to fiscal year limitations, as provided by 31 U.S.C. 9104, as may be necessary in carrying out the program, including associated administrative expenses, through September 30, 2019, for the Corporation: Provided, That none of the funds available to the Corporation for fiscal year 2019 shall be available for obligations for administrative expenses in excess of $445,363,000: Provided further, That to the extent that the number of new plan participants in plans terminated by the Corporation exceeds 100,000 in fiscal year 2019, an amount not to exceed an additional $9,200,000 shall be available through September 30, 2020, for obligation for administrative expenses for every 20,000 additional terminated participants: Provided further, That obligations in excess of the amounts provided in this paragraph may be incurred for unforeseen and extraordinary pretermination expenses or extraordinary multiemployer program related expenses after approval by the Office of Management and Budget and notification of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That an additional amount shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2020 to the extent the Corporation’s costs exceed $250,000 for the provision of credit or identity monitoring to affected individuals upon suffering a security incident or privacy breach, not to exceed an additional $100 per affected individual. WAGE AND HOURDIVISION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Wage and Hour Division, including reimbursement to State, Federal, and local agencies and their employees for inspection services rendered, $229,000,000. OFFICE OF LABOR MANAGEMENT STANDARDS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of LaborManagement Standards, $41,187,000. OFFICE OF FEDERAL CONTRACT COMPLIANCE  PROGRAMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs, $103,476,000. OFFICE OF WORKERS ’ COMPENSATION PROGRAMS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, $115,424,000, together with $2,177,000 which may be expended from the Special Fund in accordance with sections 39(c), 44(d), and 44(j) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For the payment of compensation, benefits, and expenses (except administrative expenses) accruing during the current or any prior fiscal year authorized by 5 U.S.C. 81; continuation of benefits as provided for under the heading ‘‘Civilian War Benefits’’ in the Federal Security Agency Appropriation Act, 1947; the Employees’ Compensation Commission Appropriation Act, 1944; section 5(f) of the War Claims Act (50 U.S.C. App. 2012); obligations incurred under the War Hazards Compensation Act (42 U.S.C. 1701 et seq.); and 50 percent of the additional compensation and benefits required by section 10(h) of the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act, $230,000,000, together with such amounts as may be necessary to be charged to the subsequent year appropriation for the payment of compensation and other benefits for any period subsequent to August 15 of the current year, for deposit into and to assume the attributes of the Employees’ Compensation Fund established under 5 U.S.C. 8147(a): Provided, That amounts appropriated may be used under 5 U.S.C. 8104 by the Secretary to reimburse an employer, who is not the employer at the time of injury, for portions of the salary of a reemployed, disabled beneficiary: Provided further, That balances of reimbursements unobligated on September 30, 2018, shall remain available until expended for the payment of compensation, benefits, and expenses: Provided further, That in addition there shall be transferred to this appropriation from the Postal Service and from any other corporation or instrumentality required under 5 U.S.C. 8147(c) to pay an amount for its fair share of the cost of administration, such sums as the Secretary determines to be the cost of administration for employees of such fair share entities through September 30, 2019: Provided further, That of those funds transferred to this account from the fair share entities to pay the cost of administration of the Federal Employees’ Compensation Act, $74,777,000 shall be made available to the Secretary as follows: (1) For enhancement and maintenance of automated data processing systems operations and telecommunications systems, $24,540,000; (2) For automated workload processing operations, including document imaging, centralized mail intake, and medical bill processing, $22,968,000; (3) For periodic roll disability management and medical review, $25,535,000; (4) For program integrity, $1,734,000; and (5) The remaining funds shall be paid into the Treasury as miscellaneous receipts: Provided further, That the Secretary may require that any person filing a notice of injury or a claim for benefits under 5 U.S.C. 81, or the Longshore and Harbor Workers’ Compensation Act, provide as part of such notice and claim, such identifying information (including Social Security account number) as such regulations may prescribe. 
SPECIAL BENEFITS FOR DISABLED COAL MINERS  For carrying out title IV of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act of 1977, as amended by Public Law 107–275, $10,319,000, to remain available until expended. For making after July 31 of the current fiscal year, benefit payments to individuals under title IV of such Act, for costs incurred in the current fiscal year, such amounts as may be necessary. For making benefit payments under title IV for the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, $14,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
OCCUPATIONAL ILLNESS COMPENSATION FUND  For necessary expenses to administer the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $59,098,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That the Secretary may require that any person filing a claim for benefits under the Act provide as part of such claim such identifying information (including Social Security account number) as may be prescribed. BLACK LUNG DISABILITY TRUST FUND  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  Such sums as may be necessary from the Black Lung Disability Trust Fund (the ‘‘Fund’’), to remain available until expended, for payment of all benefits authorized by section 9501(d)(1), (2), (6), and (7) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986; and repayment of, and payment of interest on advances, as authorized by section 9501(d)(4) of that Act. In addition, the following amounts may be expended from the Fund for fiscal year 2019 for expenses of operation and administration of the Black Lung Benefits program, as authorized by section 9501(d)(5): not to exceed $38,246,000 for transfer to the Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’; not to exceed $31,994,000 for transfer to Departmental Management, ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’; not to exceed $330,000 for transfer to Departmental Management, ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’; and not to exceed $356,000 for payments into miscellaneous receipts for the expenses of the Department of the Treasury. OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH  ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Occupational Safety and Health Administration, $557,787,000, including not to exceed $102,350,000 which shall be the maximum amount available for grants to States under section 23(g) of the Occupational Safety and Health Act (the ‘‘Act’’), which grants shall be no less than 50 percent of the costs of State occupational safety and health programs required to be incurred under plans approved by the Secretary under section 18 of the Act; and, in addition, notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Occupational Safety and Health Administration may retain up to $499,000 per fiscal year of training institute course tuition and fees, otherwise authorized by law to be collected, and may utilize such sums for occupational safety and health training and education: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Secretary is authorized, during the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, to collect and retain fees for services provided to Nationally Recognized Testing Laboratories, and may utilize such sums, in accordance with the provisions of 29 U.S.C. 9a, to administer national and international laboratory recognition programs that ensure the safety of equipment and products used by workers in the workplace: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be obligated or expended to prescribe, issue, administer, or enforce any standard, rule, regulation, or order under the Act which is applicable to any person who is engaged in a farming operation which does not maintain a temporary labor camp and employs 10 or fewer employees: Provided further, That no funds appropriated under this paragraph shall be obligated or expended to administer or enforce any standard, rule, regulation, or order under the Act with respect to any employer of 10 or fewer employees who is included within a category having a Days Away, Restricted, or Transferred (‘‘DART’’) occupational injury and illness rate, at the most precise industrial classification code for which such data are published, less than the national average rate as such rates are most recently published by the Secretary, acting through the Bureau of Labor Statistics, in accordance with section 24 of the Act, except— (1) to provide, as authorized by the Act, consultation, technical assistance, educational and training services, and to conduct surveys and studies; (2) to conduct an inspection or investigation in response to an employee complaint, to issue a citation for violations found during such inspection, and to assess a penalty for violations which are not corrected within a reasonable abatement period and for any willful violations found; (3) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to imminent dangers; (4) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to health hazards; (5) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to a report of an employment accident which is fatal to one or more employees or which results in hospitalization of two or more employees, and to take any action pursuant to such investigation authorized by the Act; and (6) to take any action authorized by the Act with respect to complaints of discrimination against employees for exercising rights under the Act: Provided further, That the foregoing proviso shall not apply to any person who is engaged in a farming operation which does not maintain a temporary labor camp and employs 10 or fewer employees: Provided further, That $10,537,000 shall be available for Susan Harwood training grants, of which the Secretary shall reserve not less than $4,500,000 for Susan Harwood Training Capacity Building Developmental grants, as described in Funding Opportunity Number SHTG– FY–16–02 (referenced in the notice of availability of funds published in the Federal Register on May 3, 2016 (81 Fed. Reg. 30568)) for program activities starting not later than September 30, 2019 and lasting for a period of 12 months: Provided further, That not less than $3,500,000 shall be for Voluntary Protection Programs. MINESAFETY AND HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Mine Safety and Health Administration, $373,816,000, including purchase and bestowal of certificates and trophies in connection with mine rescue and firstaid work, and the hire of passenger motor vehicles, including up to $2,000,000 for mine rescue and recovery activities and not less than $10,537,000 for State assistance grants: Provided, That amounts available for State assistance grants may be used for the purchase and maintenance of new equipment required by the final rule entitled ‘‘Lowering Miners’ Exposure to Respirable Coal Mine Dust, Including Continuous Personal Dust Monitors’’ published by the Department of Labor in the Federal Register on May 1, 2014 (79 Fed. Reg. 24813 et seq.), for operators that demonstrate financial need as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, not to exceed $750,000 may be collected by the National Mine Health and Safety Academy for room, board, tuition, and the sale of training materials, otherwise authorized by law to be collected, to be available for mine safety and health education and training activities: Provided further, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, the Mine Safety and Health Administration is authorized to collect and retain up to $2,499,000 from fees collected for the approval and certification of equipment, materials, and explosives for use in mines, and may utilize such sums for such activities: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to accept lands, buildings, equipment, and other contributions from public and private sources and to prosecute projects in cooperation with other agencies, Federal, State, or private: Provided further, That the Mine Safety and Health Administration is authorized to promote health and safety education and training in the mining community through cooperative programs with States, industry, and safety associations: Provided further, That the Secretary is authorized to recognize the Joseph A. Holmes Safety Association as a principal safety association and, notwithstanding any other provision of law, may provide funds and, with or without reimbursement, personnel, including service of Mine Safety and Health Administration officials as officers in local chapters or in the national 
organization: Provided further, That any funds available to the Department of Labor may be used, with the approval of the Secretary, to provide for the costs of mine rescue and survival operations in the event of a major disaster. BUREAU OF LABOR STATISTICS  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Bureau of Labor Statistics, including advances or reimbursements to State, Federal, and local agencies and their employees for services rendered, $550,000,000, together with not to exceed $65,000,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. OFFICE OF DISABILITY EMPLOYMENT POLICY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Office of Disability Employment Policy to provide leadership, develop policy and initiatives, and award grants furthering the objective of eliminating barriers to the training and employment of people with disabilities, $38,203,000. DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for Departmental Management, including the hire of three passenger motor vehicles, $337,756,000, together with not to exceed $308,000, which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund: Provided, That $59,825,000 for the Bureau of International Labor Affairs shall be available for obligation through December 31, 2019: Provided further, That funds available to the Bureau of International Labor Affairs may be used to administer or operate international labor activities, bilateral and multilateral technical assistance, and microfinance programs, by or through contracts, grants, subgrants and other arrangements: Provided further, That not more than $53,825,000 shall be for programs to combat exploitative child labor internationally and not less than $6,000,000 shall be used to implement model programs that address worker rights issues through technical assistance in countries with which the United States has free trade agreements or trade preference programs: Provided further, That $8,040,000 shall be used for program evaluation and shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2020: Provided further, That funds available for program evaluation may be used to administer grants for the purpose of evaluation: Provided further, That grants made for the purpose of evaluation shall be awarded through fair and open competition: Provided further, That funds available for program evaluation may be transferred to any other appropriate account in the Department for such purpose: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer: Provided further, That the funds available to the Women’s Bureau may be used for grants to serve and promote the interests of women in the workforce: Provided further, That of the amounts made available to the Women’s Bureau, not less than $994,000 shall be used for grants authorized by the Women in Apprenticeship and Nontraditional Occupations Act. 
VETERANS EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING  Not to exceed $250,041,000 may be derived from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund to carry out the provisions of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, United States Code, of which: (1) $180,000,000 is for Jobs for Veterans State grants under 38 U.S.C. 4102A(b)(5) to support disabled veterans’ outreach program specialists under section 4103A of such title and local veterans’ employment representatives under section 4104(b) of such title, and for the expenses described in section 4102A(b)(5)(C), which shall be available for obligation by the States through December 31, 2019, and not to exceed 3 percent for the necessary Federal expenditures for data systems and contract support to allow for the tracking of participant and performance information: Provided, That, in addition, such funds may be used to support such specialists and representatives in the provision of services to transitioning members of the Armed Forces who have participated in the Transition Assistance Program and have been identified as in need of intensive services, to members of the Armed Forces who are wounded, ill, or injured and receiving treatment in military treatment facilities or warrior transition units, and to the spouses or other family caregivers of such wounded, ill, or injured members; (2) $23,379,000 is for carrying out the Transition Assistance Program under 38 U.S.C. 4113 and 10 U.S.C. 1144: Provided, That not more than $3,500,000 shall be used by the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of the Veterans Affairs, to carry out a pilot project designed to prepare transitioning service members to qualify for, and to assist in placing them in, apprenticeship programs, as an additional training opportunity under subsection (f) of 10 U.S.C. 1144, including the costs of federal administration and evaluation of such pilot, and that the funds shall remain available for the pilot through September 30, 2020; (3) $43,248,000 is for Federal administration of chapters 41, 42, and 43 of title 38, and sections 2021, 2021A and 2023 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That, up to $500,000 may be used to carry out the Hire VETS Act (division O of Public Law 115–31); and (4) $3,414,000 is for the National Veterans’ Employment and Training Services Institute under 38 U.S.C. 4109: Provided, That the Secretary may reallocate among the appropriations provided under paragraphs (1) through (4) above an amount not to exceed 3 percent of the appropriation from which such reallocation is made. In addition, from the General Fund of the Treasury, $50,000,000 is for carrying out programs to assist homeless veterans and veterans at risk of homelessness who are transitioning from certain institutions under sections 2021, 2021A, and 2023 of title 38, United States Code: Provided, That notwithstanding subsections (c)(3) and (d) of section 2023, the Secretary may award grants through September 30, 2019, to provide services under such section: Provided further, That services provided under sections 2021 or under 2021A may include, in addition to services to homeless veterans described in section 2002(a)(1), services to veterans who were homeless at some point within the 60 days prior to program entry or veterans who are at risk of homelessness within the next 60 days, and that services provided under section 2023 may include, in addition to services to the individuals described in subsection (e) of such section, services to veterans recently released from incarceration who are at risk of homelessness: Provided further, That notwithstanding paragraph (3) under this heading, funds appropriated in this paragraph may be used for data systems and contract support to allow for the tracking of participant and performance information: Provided further, That notwithstanding sections 2021(e)(2) and 2021A(f)(2) of title 38, United States Code, such funds shall be available for expenditure pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1553. In addition, fees may be assessed and deposited in the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Fund pursuant to section 5(b) of the HIRE Vets Act, and such amounts shall be available to the Secretary to carry out the HIRE Vets Medallion Award Program, as authorized by such Act, and shall remain available until expended: Provided, That such sums shall be in addition to any other funds available for such purposes, including funds available under paragraph (3) of this heading: Provided further, That section 2(d) of division O of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31; 38 U.S.C. 4100 note) shall not apply. IT MODERNIZATION  For necessary expenses for Department of Labor centralized infrastructure technology investment activities related to support systems and modernization, $23,269,000, which shall be available through September 30, 2020. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For salaries and expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $83,487,000, together with not to exceed $5,660,000 which may be expended from the Employment Security Administration account in the Unemployment Trust Fund. GENERAL PROVISIONS  SEC. 101. None of the funds appropriated by this Act for the Job Corps shall be used to pay the salary and bonuses of an individual, either as direct costs or any proration as an indirect cost, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 102. Not to exceed 1 percent of any discretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the current fiscal year for the Department of Labor in this Act may be transferred between a program, project, or activity, but no such program, project, or activity shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. SEC. 103. In accordance with Executive Order 13126, none of the funds appropriated or otherwise made available pursuant to this Act shall be obligated or expended for the procurement of goods mined, produced, manufactured, or harvested or services rendered, in whole or in part, by forced or indentured child labor in industries and host countries already identified by the United States Department of Labor prior to enactment of this Act. SEC. 104. Except as otherwise provided in this section, none of the funds made available to the Department of Labor for grants under section 414(c) of the American Competitiveness and Workforce Improvement Act of 1998 (29 U.S.C. 2916a) may be used for any purpose other than competitive grants for training individuals who are older than 16 years of age and are not currently enrolled in school within a local educational agency in the occupations and industries for which employers are using H–1B visas to hire foreign workers, and the related activities necessary to support such training. SEC. 105. None of the funds made available by this Act under the heading ‘‘Employment and Training Administration’’ shall be used by a recipient or subrecipient of such funds to pay the salary and bonuses of an individual, either as direct costs or indirect costs, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. This limitation shall not apply to vendors providing goods and services as defined in Office of Management and Budget Circular A–133. Where States are recipients of such funds, States may establish a lower limit for salaries and bonuses of those receiving salaries and bonuses from subrecipients of such funds, taking into account factors including the relative costofliving in the State, the compensation levels for comparable State or local government employees, and the size of the organizations that administer Federal programs involved including Employment and Training Administration programs. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 106. (a) Notwithstanding section 102, the Secretary may transfer funds made available to 
the Employment and Training Administration by this Act, either directly or through a set aside, for technical assistance services to grantees to ‘‘Program Administration’’ when it is determined that those services will be more efficiently performed by Federal employees: Provided, That this section shall not apply to section 171 of the WIOA. (b) Notwithstanding section 102, the Secretary may transfer not more than 0.5 percent of each discretionary appropriation made available to the Employment and Training Administration by this Act to ‘‘Program Administration’’ in order to carry out program integrity activities relating to any of the programs or activities that are funded under any such discretionary appropriations: Provided, That notwithstanding section 102 and the preceding proviso, the Secretary may transfer not more than 0.5 percent of funds made available in paragraphs (1) and (2) of the ‘‘Office of Job Corps’’ account to paragraph (3) of such account to carry out program integrity activities related to the Job Corps program: Provided further, That funds transferred under the authority provided by this subsection shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2020. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 107. (a) The Secretary may reserve not more than 0.75 percent from each appropriation made available in this Act identified in subsection (b) in order to carry out evaluations of any of the programs or activities that are funded under such accounts. Any funds reserved under this section shall be transferred to ‘‘Departmental Management’’ for use by the Office of the Chief Evaluation Officer within the Department of Labor, and shall be available for obligation through September 30, 2020: Provided, That such funds shall only be available if the Chief Evaluation Officer of the Department of Labor submits a plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate describing the evaluations to be carried out 15 days in advance of any transfer. (b) The accounts referred to in subsection (a) are: ‘‘Training and Employment Services’’, ‘‘Job Corps’’, ‘‘Community Service Employment for Older Americans’’, ‘‘State Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Operations’’, ‘‘Employee Benefits Security Administration’’, ‘‘Office of Workers’ Compensation Programs’’, ‘‘Wage and Hour Division’’, ‘‘Office of Federal Contract Compliance Programs’’, ‘‘Office of Labor Management Standards’’, ‘‘Occupational Safety and Health Administration’’, ‘‘Mine Safety and Health Administration’’, ‘‘Office of Disability Employment Policy’’, funding made available to the ‘‘Bureau of International Labor Affairs’’ and ‘‘Women’s Bureau’’ within the ‘‘Departmental Management, Salaries and Expenses’’ account, and ‘‘Veterans Employment and Training’’. SEC. 108. (a) Section 7 of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 207) shall be applied as if the following text is part of such section: ‘‘(s)(1) The provisions of this section shall not apply for a period of 2 years after the occurrence of a major disaster to any employee— ‘‘(A) employed to adjust or evaluate claims resulting from or relating to such major disaster, by an employer not engaged, directly or through an affiliate, in underwriting, selling, or marketing property, casualty, or liability insurance policies or contracts; ‘‘(B) who receives from such employer on average weekly compensation of not less than $591.00 per week or any minimum weekly amount established by the Secretary, whichever is greater, for the number of weeks such employee is engaged in any of the activities described in subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(C) whose duties include any of the following: ‘‘(i) interviewing insured individuals, individuals who suffered injuries or other damages or losses arising from or relating to a disaster, witnesses, or physicians; ‘‘(ii) inspecting property damage or reviewing factual information to prepare damage estimates; ‘‘(iii) evaluating and making recommendations regarding coverage or compensability of claims or determining liability or value aspects of claims; ‘‘(iv) negotiating settlements; or ‘‘(v) making recommendations regarding litigation. ‘‘(2) The exemption in this subsection shall not affect the exemption provided by section 13(a)(1). ‘‘(3) For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘major disaster’ means any disaster or catastrophe declared or designated by any State or Federal agency or department; ‘‘(B) the term ‘employee employed to adjust or evaluate claims resulting from or relating to such major disaster’ means an individual who timely secured or secures a license required by applicable law to engage in and perform the activities described in clauses (i) through (v) of paragraph (1)(C) relating to a major disaster, and is employed by an employer that maintains worker compensation insurance coverage or protection for its employees, if required by applicable law, and withholds applicable Federal, State, and local income and payroll taxes from the wages, salaries and any benefits of such employees; and ‘‘(C) the term ‘affiliate’ means a company that, by reason of ownership or control of 25 percent or more of the outstanding shares of any class of voting securities of one or more companies, directly or indirectly, controls, is controlled by, or is under common control with, another company.’’. (b) This section shall be effective on the date of enactment of this Act. (RESCISSION)  SEC. 109. Of the funds made available under the heading ‘‘Employment and Training Administration–Training and Employment Services’’ in division H of Public Law 115–141, $53,000,000 is rescinded, to be derived from the amount made available in paragraph (2)(A) under such heading for the period October 1, 2018, through September 30, 2019. SEC. 110. (a) F LEXIBILITY WITHRESPECT TO  
THECROSSING OF H–2B N ONIMMIGRANTS WORKING IN THE SEAFOOD INDUSTRY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), if a petition for H–2B nonimmigrants filed by an employer in the seafood industry is granted, the employer may bring the nonimmigrants described in the petition into the United States at any time during the 120day period beginning on the start date for which the employer is seeking the services of the nonimmigrants without filing another petition. (2) REQUIREMENTS FOR CROSSINGS AFTER 90TH  
DAY.—An employer in the seafood industry may not bring H–2B nonimmigrants into the United States after the date that is 90 days after the start date for which the employer is seeking the services of the nonimmigrants unless the employer— (A) completes a new assessment of the local labor market by— (i) listing job orders in local newspapers on 2 separate Sundays; and (ii) posting the job opportunity on the appropriate Department of Labor Electronic Job Registry and at the employer’s place of employment; and (B) offers the job to an equally or better qualified United States worker who— (i) applies for the job; and (ii) will be available at the time and place of need. (3) EXEMPTION FROM RULES WITH RESPECT TO  
STAGGERING .—The Secretary of Labor shall not consider an employer in the seafood industry who brings H–2B nonimmigrants into the United States during the 120day period specified in paragraph (1) to be staggering the date of need in violation of section 655.20(d) of title 20, Code of Federal Regulations, or any other applicable provision of law. (b) H–2B NONIMMIGRANTS DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘H–2B nonimmigrants’’ means aliens admitted to the United States pursuant to section 101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(B) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(15)(H)(ii)(B)). SEC. 111. The determination of prevailing wage for the purposes of the H–2B program shall be the greater of—(1) the actual wage level paid by the employer to other employees with similar experience and qualifications for such position in the same location; or (2) the prevailing wage level for the occupational classification of the position in the geographic area in which the H–2B nonimmigrant will be employed, based on the best information available at the time of filing the petition. In the determination of prevailing wage for the purposes of the H–2B program, the Secretary shall accept private wage surveys even in instances where Occupational Employment Statistics survey data are available unless the Secretary determines that the methodology and data in the provided survey are not statistically supported. SEC. 112. None of the funds in this Act shall be used to enforce the definition of corresponding employment found in 20 CFR 655.5 or the threefourths guarantee rule definition found in 20 CFR 655.20, or any references thereto. Further, for the purpose of regulating admission of temporary workers under the H–2B program, the definition of temporary need shall be that provided in 8 CFR 214.2(h)(6)(ii)(B). SEC. 113. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Secretary may furnish through grants, cooperative agreements, contracts, and other arrangements, up to $2,000,000 of excess personal property to apprenticeship programs for the purpose of training apprentices in those programs. SEC. 114. The proviso at the end of paragraph (1) under the heading ‘‘Department of Labor— Employment and Training Administration— State Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Operations’’ in title I of division G of Public Law 113–235 is amended by striking ‘‘six’’ and inserting ‘‘seven’’. SEC. 115. (a) The Act entitled ‘‘An Act to create a Department of Labor’’, approved March 4, 1913 (37 Stat. 736, chapter 141) shall be applied as if the following text is part of such Act: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of Labor is authorized to employ law enforcement officers or special agents to— ‘‘(1) provide protection for the Secretary of Labor during the workday of the Secretary and during any activity that is preliminary or postliminary to the performance of official duties by the Secretary; ‘‘(2) provide protection, incidental to the protection provided to the Secretary, to a member of the immediate family of the Secretary who is participating in an activity or event relating to the official duties of the Secretary; ‘‘(3) provide continuous protection to the Secretary (including during periods not described in paragraph (1)) and to the members of the immediate family of the Secretary if there is a unique and articulable threat of physical harm, in accordance with guidelines established by the Secretary; and ‘‘(4) provide protection to the Deputy Secretary of Labor or another senior officer representing the Secretary of Labor at a public event if there is a unique and articulable threat of physical harm, in accordance with guidelines established by the Secretary. ‘‘(b) AUTHORITIES .—The Secretary of Labor may authorize a law enforcement officer or special agent employed under subsection (a), for the purpose of performing the duties authorized under subsection (a), to— 
‘‘(1) carry firearms; ‘‘(2) make arrests without a warrant for any offense against the United States committed in the presence of such officer or special agent; ‘‘(3) perform protective intelligence work, including identifying and mitigating potential threats and conducting advance work to review security matters relating to sites and events; ‘‘(4) coordinate with local law enforcement agencies; and ‘‘(5) initiate criminal and other investigations into potential threats to the security of the Secretary, in coordination with the Inspector General of the Department of Labor. ‘‘(c) COMPLIANCE WITHGUIDELINES .—A law enforcement officer or special agent employed under subsection (a) shall exercise any authority provided under this section in accordance with any— ‘‘(1) guidelines issued by the Attorney General; and ‘‘(2) guidelines prescribed by the Secretary of Labor.’’. (b) This section shall be effective on the date of enactment of this Act. SEC. 116. The Secretary is authorized to dispose of or divest, by any means the Secretary determines appropriate, including an agreement or partnership to construct a new Job Corps center, all or a portion of the real property on which the Treasure Island Job Corps Center is situated. Any sale or other disposition will not be subject to any requirement of any Federal law or regulation relating to the disposition of Federal real property, including but not limited to subchapter III of chapter 5 of title 40 of the United States Code and subchapter V of chapter 119 of title 42 of the United States Code. The net proceeds of such a sale shall be transferred to the Secretary, which shall be available until expended to carry out the Job Corps Program. SEC. 117. (a) The paragraph under the heading ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’ in the Department of Labor Appropriations Act, 1958, Public Law 85–67, 71 Stat. 210, as amended, is further amended by striking all of the text that appears after ‘‘for expenses necessary for the maintenance and operation of’’ and inserting ‘‘a comprehensive program of centralized services which the Secretary of Labor may prescribe and deem appropriate and advantageous to provide on a reimbursable basis: Provided, That such Working Capital Fund may receive advances and reimbursements from funds available to bureaus, offices, and agencies for which such centralized services are performed at rates which will return in full all expenses of operation, including reserves for accrued annual leave, workers’ compensation, depreciation of capitalized equipment and amortization of human resources software and systems (either acquired or donated): Provided further, That, through September 30, 2019, the Secretary of Labor may transfer an amount not to exceed $3,000,000 from unobligated balances in the Department’s salaries and expenses accounts to the Working Capital Fund, to be merged with the Working Capital Fund and used for the acquisition of capital equipment and the improvement of financial management, information technology, infrastructure technology investment activities related to support systems and modernization, and other support systems, and to remain available until expended: Provided further, That the Secretary of Labor may transfer to the Working Capital Fund, to remain available for obligation for five fiscal years after the fiscal year of such transfer, annually an amount not to exceed $9,000,000 from unobligated balances in the Department’s salaries and expenses accounts made available in this Act and hereafter, and annually an amount not to exceed $9,000,000 from unobligated balances in the Department’s discretionary grants accounts made available in this Act and hereafter, for the acquisition of capital equipment and the improvement of financial management, information technology, infrastructure technology investment activities related to support systems and modernization, and other support systems: Provided further, That none of the funds transferred pursuant to the preceding proviso shall be available unless the Chief Information Officer of the Department of Labor has submitted a plan, approved by the Office of Management and Budget, describing the amounts to be transferred by account, the planned use of funds, including descriptions of projects, project status, including any scheduled delays and cost overruns, financial expenditures, planned activities, and expected benefits, to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate by July 31 of the calendar year prior to the fiscal year in which the transfer will occur: Provided further, That the Working Capital Fund may receive reimbursements from entities or persons for use of Departmental facilities, including associated utilities and security services, and such reimbursements shall be credited to and merged with the Working Capital Fund: Provided further, That pursuant to section 11319 of title 40, United States Code, the Secretary shall ensure that the Department’s Chief Information Officer shall, at a minimum, be a principal advisor to the Secretary and a member on any board or governance structure of the Department responsible for advising and setting Departmentwide information technology budgets: Provided further, That none of the funds available for information technology modernization under this section or under the heading ‘IT Modernization’ shall be used for information technology modernization projects unless an experienced project manager, employed by the Department of Labor, is assigned oversight responsibility, including but not limited to, ensuring such projects are completed within established timeframes and budgets.’’. (b) The following provisions are repealed: (1) The heading ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’ and the paragraph thereunder in Public Law 91–204, title I, 84 Stat. 26 (1970); and (2) The heading ‘‘Working Capital Fund’’ and the paragraph thereunder in the Department of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 1994, Public Law 103–112, title I, 107 Stat. 1088 (1993). 
(RESCISSION)  SEC. 118. (a) That of the unobligated funds available under section 286(s)(2) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1356(s)(2)), $8,250,000 are permanently rescinded. (b) For an additional amount for ‘‘Employment and Training Administration—State Unemployment Insurance and Employment Service Operations’’, $8,250,000, to remain available until September 30, 2019, for processing applications for foreign labor certifications, including activities related to wage determinations and associated tasks, submitted by employers to employ nonimmigrants as described in section 6(d)(2) of the Joint Resolution entitled ‘‘A Joint Resolution to approve the ‘Covenant To Establish a Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands in a Political Union with the United States of America’, and for other purposes’’, as amended by section 3 of the Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–218). This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Labor Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES HEALTH RESOURCES AND SERVICES  ADMINISTRATION  
PRIMARY HEALTH CARE  For carrying out titles II and III of the Public Health Service Act (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘PHS Act’’) with respect to primary health care and the Native Hawaiian Health Care Act of 1988, $1,626,522,000 (in addition to the $4,000,000,000 previously appropriated to the Community Health Center Fund for fiscal year 2019): Provided, That no more than $1,000,000 shall be available until expended for carrying out the provisions of section 224(o) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That no more than $120,000,000 shall be available until expended for carrying out subsections (g) through (n) and (q) of section 224 of the PHS Act, and for expenses incurred by the Department of Health and Human Services (referred to in this Act as ‘‘HHS’’) pertaining to administrative claims made under such law: Provided further, That of funds provided for the Health Centers program, as defined by section 330 of the PHS Act, by this Act or any other Act for fiscal year 2019, not less than $200,000,000 shall be obligated in fiscal year 2019 for improving quality of care or expanded service grants under section 330 of the PHS Act to support and enhance behavioral health, mental health, or substance use disorder services. HEALTH WORKFORCE  For carrying out titles III, VII, and VIII of the PHS Act with respect to the health workforce, sections 1128E and 1921 of the Social Security Act, and the Health Care Quality Improvement Act of 1986, $1,096,695,000: Provided, That sections 751(j)(2) and 762(k) of the PHS Act and the proportional funding amounts in paragraphs (1) through (4) of section 756(f) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under this heading: Provided further, That for any program operating under section 751 of the PHS Act on or before January 1, 2009, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this title as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may hereafter waive any of the requirements contained in sections 751(d)(2)(A) and 751(d)(2)(B) of such Act for the full project period of a grant under such section: Provided further, That no funds shall be available for section 340G–1 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That fees collected for the disclosure of information under section 427(b) of the Health Care Quality Improvement Act of 1986 and sections 1128E(d)(2) and 1921 of the Social Security Act shall be sufficient to recover the full costs of operating the programs authorized by such sections and shall remain available until expended for the National Practitioner Data Bank: Provided further, That funds transferred to this account to carry out section 846 and subpart 3 of part D of title III of the PHS Act may be used to make prior year adjustments to awards made under such section and subpart: Provided further, That $105,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the purposes of providing primary health services, assigning National Health Service Corps (‘‘NHSC’’) members to expand the delivery of substance use disorder treatment services, notwithstanding the assignment priorities and limitations under sections 333(a)(1)(D), 333(b), and 333A(a)(1)(B)(ii) of the PHS Act, and making payments under the NHSC Loan Repayment Program under section 338B of such Act: Provided further, That, in addition to amounts otherwise made available in the previous proviso, $15,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the purposes of making payments under the NHSC Loan Repayment Program under section 338B of the PHS Act to individuals participating in such program who provide primary health services in Indian Health Service facilities, TriballyOperated 638 Health Programs, and Urban Indian Health Programs (as those terms are defined by the Secretary), notwithstanding the assignment priorities and limitations under section 333(b) of such Act: Provided further, That for purposes of the previous two provisos, section 331(a)(3)(D) of the PHS Act shall be applied as if the term ‘‘primary health services’’ includes clinical substance use disorder treatment services, including those provided by masters level, licensed substance use disorder treatment counselors. 
Of the funds made available under this heading, $25,000,000 shall remain available until expended for grants to public institutions of higher education to expand or support graduate education for physicians provided by such institutions: Provided, That, in awarding such grants, the Secretary shall give priority to public institutions of higher education located in States with a projected primary care provider shortage in 2025, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That grants so awarded are limited to such public institutions of higher education in States in the top quintile of States with a projected primary care provider shortage in 2025, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That the minimum amount of a grant so awarded to such an institution shall be not less than $1,000,000 per year: Provided further, That such a grant may be awarded for a period not to exceed 5 years: Provided further, That such a grant awarded with respect to a year to such an institution shall be subject to a matching requirement of nonFederal funds in an amount that is not less than 10 percent of the total amount of Federal funds provided in the grant to such institution with respect to such year. 
MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH  For carrying out titles III, XI, XII, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to maternal and child health, title V of the Social Security Act, and section 712 of the American Jobs Creation Act of 2004, $926,789,000: Provided, That notwithstanding sections 502(a)(1) and 502(b)(1) of the Social Security Act, not more than $109,593,000 shall be available for carrying out special projects of regional and national significance pursuant to section 501(a)(2) of such Act and $10,276,000 shall be available for projects described in subparagraphs (A) through (F) of section 501(a)(3) of such Act. 
RYAN WHITE HIV /AIDS PROGRAM  For carrying out title XXVI of the PHS Act with respect to the Ryan White HIV/AIDS program, $2,318,781,000, of which $1,970,881,000 shall remain available to the Secretary through September 30, 2021, for parts A and B of title XXVI of the PHS Act, and of which not less than $900,313,000 shall be for State AIDS Drug Assistance Programs under the authority of section 2616 or 311(c) of such Act. 
HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS  For carrying out titles III and XII of the PHS Act with respect to health care systems, and the Stem Cell Therapeutic and Research Act of 2005, $115,193,000, of which $122,000 shall be available until expended for facilities renovations at the Gillis W. Long Hansen’s Disease Center. 
RURAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles III and IV of the PHS Act with respect to rural health, section 427(a) of the Federal Coal Mine Health and Safety Act of 1969, and sections 711 and 1820 of the Social Security Act, $317,794,000, of which $53,609,000 from general revenues, notwithstanding section 1820(j) of the Social Security Act, shall be available for carrying out the Medicare rural hospital flexibility grants program: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading for Medicare rural hospital flexibility grants, $19,942,000 shall be available for the Small Rural Hospital Improvement Grant Program for quality improvement and adoption of health information technology and up to $1,000,000 shall be to carry out section 1820(g)(6) of the Social Security Act, with funds provided for grants under section 1820(g)(6) available for the purchase and implementation of telehealth services, including pilots and demonstrations on the use of electronic health records to coordinate rural veterans care between rural providers and the Department of Veterans Affairs electronic health record system: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 338J(k) of the PHS Act, $10,000,000 shall be available for State Offices of Rural Health: Provided further, That $10,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2021, to support the Rural Residency Development Program: Provided further, That $120,000,000 shall be for the Rural Communities Opioids Response Program. FAMILY PLANNING  For carrying out the program under title X of the PHS Act to provide for voluntary family planning projects, $286,479,000: Provided, That amounts provided to said projects under such title shall not be expended for abortions, that all pregnancy counseling shall be nondirective, and that such amounts shall not be expended for any activity (including the publication or distribution of literature) that in any way tends to promote public support or opposition to any legislative proposal or candidate for public office. 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT  For program support in the Health Resources and Services Administration, $155,250,000: Provided, That funds made available under this heading may be used to supplement program support funding provided under the headings ‘‘Primary Health Care’’, ‘‘Health Workforce’’, ‘‘Maternal and Child Health’’, ‘‘Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program’’, ‘‘Health Care Systems’’, and ‘‘Rural Health’’. 
FUND  For payments from the Vaccine Injury Compensation Program Trust Fund (the ‘‘Trust Fund’’), such sums as may be necessary for claims associated with vaccinerelated injury or death with respect to vaccines administered after September 30, 1988, pursuant to subtitle 2 of title XXI of the PHS Act, to remain available until expended: Provided, That for necessary administrative expenses, not to exceed $9,200,000 shall be available from the Trust Fund to the Secretary. CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  PREVENTION  
IMMUNIZATION AND RESPIRATORY DISEASES  For carrying out titles II, III, XVII, and XXI, and section 2821 of the PHS Act, titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act, with respect to immunization and respiratory diseases, $477,855,000. 
HIV/AIDS, VIRAL HEPATITIS , SEXUALLY TRANS MITTED DISEASES , AND TUBERCULOSIS PREVEN TION For carrying out titles II, III, XVII, and XXIII of the PHS Act with respect to HIV/AIDS, viral hepatitis, sexually transmitted diseases, and tuberculosis prevention, $1,132,278,000. 
EMERGING AND ZOONOTIC INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII, and section 2821 of the PHS Act, titles II and IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act, with respect to emerging and zoonotic infectious diseases, $568,372,000. 
PROMOTION  For carrying out titles II, III, XI, XV, XVII, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to chronic disease prevention and health promotion, $932,821,000: Provided, That funds appropriated under this account may be available for making grants under section 1509 of the PHS Act for not less than 21 States, tribes, or tribal organizations: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be available to continue and expand community specific extension and outreach programs to combat obesity in counties with the highest levels of obesity: Provided further, That the proportional funding requirements under section 1503(a) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under this heading. 
DISABILITIES AND HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, XI, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to birth defects, developmental disabilities, disabilities and health, $155,560,000. PUBLIC HEALTH SCIENTIFIC SERVICES  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to health statistics, surveillance, health informatics, and workforce development, $496,397,000. 
ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to environmental health, $192,350,000. 
INJURY PREVENTION AND CONTROL  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to injury prevention and control, $648,559,000. 
AND HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act, sections 101, 102, 103, 201, 202, 203, 301, and 501 of the Federal Mine Safety and Health Act, section 13 of the Mine Improvement and New Emergency Response Act, and sections 20, 21, and 22 of the Occupational Safety and Health Act, with respect to occupational safety and health, $336,300,000. 
COMPENSATION PROGRAM  For necessary expenses to administer the Energy Employees Occupational Illness Compensation Program Act, $55,358,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That this amount shall be available consistent with the provision regarding administrative expenses in section 151(b) of division B, title I of Public Law 106– 554. 
GLOBAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to global health, $488,621,000, of which: (1) $128,421,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2020 for international HIV/AIDS; and (2) $50,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2021 for Global Disease Detection and Emergency Response: Provided, That funds may be used for purchase and insurance of official motor vehicles in foreign countries. 
PUBLIC HEALTH PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE  For carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act with respect to public health preparedness and response, and for expenses necessary to support activities related to countering potential biological, nuclear, radiological, and chemical threats to civilian populations, $1,465,200,000, of which $610,000,000 shall remain available until expended for the Strategic National Stockpile: Provided, That the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (referred to in this title as ‘‘CDC’’) or the Administrator of the Agency for Toxic Substances and Disease Registry may detail staff without reimbursement for up to 90 days to support an activation of the CDC Emergency Operations Center, so long as the Director or Administrator, as applicable, provides a notice to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 15 days of the use of this authority and a full report within 30 days after use of this authority which includes the number of staff and funding level broken down by the originating center and number of days detailed: Provided further, That funds appropriated under this heading may be used to support a contract for the operation and maintenance of an aircraft in direct support of activities throughout CDC to ensure the agency is prepared to address public health preparedness emergencies. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For acquisition of real property, equipment, construction, demolition, and renovation of facilities, $30,000,000, which shall remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That funds 
previously setaside by CDC for repair and upgrade of the Lake Lynn Experimental Mine and Laboratory shall be used to acquire a replacement mine safety research facility: Provided further, That in addition, the prior year unobligated balance of any amounts assigned to former employees in accounts of CDC made available for Individual Learning Accounts shall be credited to and merged with the amounts made available under this heading to support the replacement of the mine safety research facility. 
CDCWIDE ACTIVITIES AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For carrying out titles II, III, XVII and XIX, and section 2821 of the PHS Act and for cross cutting activities and program support for activities funded in other appropriations included in this Act for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, $163,570,000, of which up to $10,000,000 may be transferred to the reserve of the Working Capital Fund authorized under this heading in division F of Public Law 112–74: Provided, That paragraphs (1) through (3) of subsection (b) of section 2821 of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading and in all other accounts of the CDC: Provided further, That employees of CDC or the Public Health Service, both civilian and commissioned officers, detailed to States, municipalities, or other organizations under authority of section 214 of the PHS Act, or in overseas assignments, shall be treated as nonFederal employees for reporting purposes only and shall not be included within any personnel ceiling applicable to the Agency, Service, or HHS during the period of detail or assignment: Provided further, That CDC may use up to $10,000 from amounts appropriated to CDC in this Act for official reception and representation expenses when specifically approved by the Director of CDC: Provided further, That in addition, such sums as may be derived from authorized user fees, which shall be credited to the appropriation charged with the cost thereof: Provided further, That with respect to the previous proviso, authorized user fees from the Vessel Sanitation Program and the Respirator Certification Program shall be available through September 30, 2020. NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  
NATIONAL CANCER INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to cancer, $5,743,892,000, of which up to $30,000,000 may be used for facilities repairs and improvements at the National Cancer Institute—Frederick Federally Funded Research and Development Center in Frederick, Maryland. 
NATIONAL HEART , LUNG , AND BLOOD INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to cardiovascular, lung, and blood diseases, and blood and blood products, $3,488,335,000. 
CRANIOFACIAL RESEARCH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to dental and craniofacial diseases, $461,781,000. 
AND KIDNEY DISEASES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to diabetes and digestive and kidney disease, $2,029,823,000. 
DISORDERS AND STROKE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to neurological disorders and stroke, $2,216,913,000. 
INFECTIOUS DISEASES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to allergy and infectious diseases, $5,523,324,000. NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF GENERAL MEDICAL  
SCIENCES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to general medical sciences, $2,872,780,000, of which $1,146,821,000 shall be from funds available under section 241 of the PHS Act: Provided, That not less than $361,573,000 is provided for the Institutional Development Awards program. 
OF CHILD HEALTH AND HUMAN DEVELOPMENT  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to child health and human development, $1,506,458,000. 
NATIONAL EYE INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to eye diseases and visual disorders, $796,536,000. 
SCIENCES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to environmental health sciences, $774,707,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON AGING  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to aging, $3,083,410,000. 
MUSCULOSKELETAL AND SKIN DISEASES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to arthritis and musculoskeletal and skin diseases, $605,065,000. 
COMMUNICATION DISORDERS  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to deafness and other communication disorders, $474,404,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF NURSING RESEARCH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to nursing research, $162,992,000. 
ALCOHOLISM  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to alcohol abuse and alcoholism, $525,591,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON DRUG ABUSE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to drug abuse, $1,419,844,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF MENTAL HEALTH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to mental health, $1,812,796,000. 
NATIONAL HUMAN GENOME RESEARCH INSTITUTE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to human genome research, $575,579,000. 
AND BIOENGINEERING  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to biomedical imaging and bioengineering research, $389,464,000. 
INTEGRATIVE HEALTH  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to complementary and integrative health, $146,473,000. 
HEALTH DISPARITIES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to minority health and health disparities research, $314,679,000. 
JOHN E . FOGARTY INTERNATIONAL CENTER  For carrying out the activities of the John E. Fogarty International Center (described in subpart 2 of part E of title IV of the PHS Act), $78,109,000. 
NATIONAL LIBRARY OF MEDICINE  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to health information communications, $441,997,000: Provided, That of the amounts available for improvement of information systems, $4,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2020: Provided further, That in fiscal year 2019, the National Library of Medicine may enter into personal services contracts for the provision of services in facilities owned, operated, or constructed under the jurisdiction of the National Institutes of Health (referred to in this title as ‘‘NIH’’). NATIONAL CENTER FOR ADVANCING  
TRANSLATIONAL SCIENCES  For carrying out section 301 and title IV of the PHS Act with respect to translational sciences, $806,373,000: Provided, That up to $80,000,000 shall be available to implement section 480 of the PHS Act, relating to the Cures Acceleration Network: Provided further, That at least $559,736,000 is provided to the Clinical and Translational Sciences Awards program. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For carrying out the responsibilities of the Office of the Director, NIH, $1,909,075,000: Provided, That funding shall be available for the purchase of not to exceed 29 passenger motor vehicles for replacement only: Provided further, That all funds credited to the NIH Management Fund shall remain available for one fiscal year after the fiscal year in which they are deposited: Provided further, That $165,000,000 shall be for the Environmental Influences on Child Health Outcomes study: Provided further, That $606,566,000 shall be available for the Common Fund established under section 402A(c)(1) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That of the funds provided, $10,000 shall be for official reception and representation expenses when specifically approved by the Director of the NIH: Provided further, That the Office of AIDS Research within the Office of the Director of the NIH may spend up to $8,000,000 to make grants for construction or renovation of facilities as provided for in section 2354(a)(5)(B) of the PHS Act: Provided further, That $50,000,000 shall be used to carry out section 404I of the PHS Act (42 U.S.C. 283K), relating to biomedical and behavioral research facilities: Provided further, That $5,000,000 shall be transferred to and merged with the appropriation for the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ for oversight of grant programs and operations of the NIH, including agency efforts to ensure the integrity of its grant application evaluation and selection processes, and shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available for oversight of the NIH: Provided further, That the funds provided in the previous proviso may be transferred from one specified activity to another with 15 days prior approval of the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That the Inspector General shall consult with the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate before submitting to the Committees an audit plan for fiscal years 2019 and 2020 no later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. In addition to other funds appropriated for the Common Fund established under section 402A(c) of the PHS Act, $12,600,000 is appropriated to the Common Fund from the 10year Pediatric Research Initiative Fund described in section 9008 of title 26, United States Code, for the purpose of carrying out section 402(b)(7)(B)(ii) of the PHS Act (relating to pediatric research), as authorized in the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For the study of, construction of, demolition of, renovation of, and acquisition of equipment for, facilities of or used by NIH, including the acquisition of real property, $200,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2023. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses to carry out the purposes described in section 1001(b)(4) of the 21st Century Cures Act, in addition to amounts available for such purposes in the appropriations provided to the NIH in this Act, $711,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amounts are appropriated pursuant to section 1001(b)(3) of such Act, are to be derived from amounts transferred under section 1001(b)(2)(A) of such Act, and may be transferred by the Director of the National Institutes of Health to other accounts of the National Institutes of Health solely for the purposes provided in such Act: Provided further, That upon a determination by the Director that funds transferred pursuant to the previous proviso are not necessary for the purposes provided, such amounts may be transferred back to the Account: Provided further, That the transfer authority provided under this heading is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. SUBSTANCE ABUSE AND MENTAL HEALTH  SERVICES ADMINISTRATION  
MENTAL HEALTH  For carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of the PHS Act with respect to mental health, and the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act, $1,524,974,000: Provided, That of the funds made available under this heading, $63,887,000 shall be for the National Child Traumatic Stress Initiative, of which $10,000,000 shall be awarded not later than December 1, 2018, for activities described in the joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 520A(f)(2) of the PHS Act, no funds appropriated for carrying out section 520A shall be available for carrying out section 1971 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That in addition to amounts provided herein, $21,039,000 shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act to carry out subpart I of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act to fund section 1920(b) technical assistance, national data, data collection and evaluation activities, and further that the total available under this Act for section 1920(b) activities shall not exceed 5 percent of the amounts appropriated for subpart I of part B of title XIX: Provided further, That up to 10 percent of the amounts made available to carry out the Children’s Mental Health Services program may be used to carry out demonstration grants or contracts for early interventions with persons not more than 25 years of age at clinical high risk of developing a first episode of psychosis: Provided further, That section 520E(b)(2) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds appropriated in this Act for fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That States shall expend at least 10 percent of the amount each receives for carrying out section 1911 of the PHS Act to support evidence based programs that address the needs of individuals with early serious mental illness, including psychotic disorders, regardless of the age of the individual at onset: Provided further, That $150,000,000 shall be available until September 30, 2021 for grants to communities and community organizations who meet criteria for Certified Community Behavioral Health Clinics pursuant to section 223(a) of Public Law 113–93: Provided further, That none of the funds provided for section 1911 of the PHS Act shall be subject to section 241 of such Act: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $15,000,000 shall be to carry out section 224 of the Protecting Access to Medicare Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–93; 42 U.S.C. 290aa 22 note). 
SUBSTANCE ABUSE TREATMENT  For carrying out titles III and V of the PHS Act with respect to substance abuse treatment and title XIX of such Act with respect to substance abuse treatment and prevention, $3,737,556,000: Provided, That $1,500,000,000 shall be for State Opioid Response Grants for carrying out activities pertaining to opioids undertaken by the State agency responsible for administering the substance abuse prevention and treatment block grant under subpart II of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act (42 U.S.C. 300x– 21 et seq.): Provided further, That of such amount $50,000,000 shall be made available to Indian Tribes or tribal organizations: Provided further, That 15 percent of the remaining amount shall be for the States with the highest mortality rate related to opioid use disorders: Provided further, That of the amounts provided for State Opioid Response Grants not more than 2 percent shall be available for Federal administrative expenses, training, technical assistance, and evaluation: Provided further, That of the amount not reserved by the previous three provisos, the Secretary shall make allocations to States, territories, and the District of Columbia according to a formula using national survey results that the Secretary determines are the most objective and reliable measure of drug use and drugrelated deaths: Provided further, That the Secretary shall submit the formula methodology to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not less than 15 days prior to publishing a Funding Opportunity Announcement: Provided further, That prevention and treatment activities funded through such grants may include education, treatment (including the provision of medication), behavioral health services for individuals in treatment programs, referral to treatment services, recovery support, and medical screening associated with such treatment: Provided further, That each State, as well as the District of Columbia, shall receive not less than $4,000,000: Provided further, That in addition to amounts provided herein, the following amounts shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act: (1) $79,200,000 to carry out subpart II of part B of title XIX of the PHS Act to fund section 1935(b) technical assistance, national data, data collection and evaluation activities, and further that the total available under this Act for section 1935(b) activities shall not exceed 5 percent of the amounts appropriated for subpart II of part B of title XIX; and (2) $2,000,000 to evaluate substance abuse treatment programs: Provided further, That none of the funds provided for section 1921 of the PHS Act or State Opioid Response Grants shall be subject to section 241 of such Act. SUBSTANCE ABUSE PREVENTION  For carrying out titles III and V of the PHS Act with respect to substance abuse prevention, $205,469,000. 
HEALTH SURVEILLANCE AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  For program support and crosscutting activities that supplement activities funded under the headings ‘‘Mental Health’’, ‘‘Substance Abuse Treatment’’, and ‘‘Substance Abuse Prevention’’ in carrying out titles III, V, and XIX of the PHS Act and the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act in the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration, $128,830,000: Provided, That in addition to amounts provided herein, $31,428,000 shall be available under section 241 of the PHS Act to supplement funds available to carry out national surveys on drug abuse and mental health, to collect and analyze program data, and to conduct public awareness and technical assistance activities: Provided further, That, in addition, fees may be collected for the costs of publications, data, data tabulations, and data analysis completed under title V of the PHS Act and provided to a public or private entity upon request, which shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until expended for such purposes: Provided further, That amounts made available in this Act for carrying out section 501(o) of the PHS Act shall remain available through September 30, 2020: Provided further, That funds made available under this heading may be used to supplement program support funding provided under the headings ‘‘Mental Health’’, ‘‘Substance Abuse Treatment’’, and ‘‘Substance Abuse Prevention’’. AGENCY FOR HEALTHCARE RESEARCH AND  QUALITY  
HEALTHCARE RESEARCH AND QUALITY  For carrying out titles III and IX of the PHS Act, part A of title XI of the Social Security Act, and section 1013 of the Medicare Prescription Drug, Improvement, and Modernization Act of 2003, $338,000,000: Provided, That section 947(c) of the PHS Act shall not apply in fiscal year 2019: Provided further, That in addition, amounts received from Freedom of Information Act fees, reimbursable and interagency agreements, and the sale of data shall be credited to this appropriation and shall remain available until September 30, 2020. CENTERS FOR MEDICARE & M EDICAID SERVICES  
GRANTS TO STATES FOR MEDICAID  For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, titles XI and XIX of the Social Security Act, $276,236,212,000, to remain available until expended. For making, after May 31, 2019, payments to States under title XIX or in the case of section 1928 on behalf of States under title XIX of the Social Security Act for the last quarter of fiscal year 2019 for unanticipated costs incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. For making payments to States or in the case of section 1928 on behalf of States under title XIX of the Social Security Act for the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, $137,931,797,000, to remain available until expended. Payment under such title XIX may be made for any quarter with respect to a State plan or plan amendment in effect during such quarter, if submitted in or prior to such quarter and approved in that or any subsequent quarter. 
PAYMENTS TO THE HEALTH CARE TRUST FUNDS  For payment to the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as provided under sections 217(g), 1844, and 1860D–16 of the Social Security Act, sections 103(c) and 111(d) of the Social Security Amendments of 1965, section 278(d)(3) of Public Law 97–248, and for administrative expenses incurred pursuant to section 201(g) of the Social Security Act, $378,343,800,000. In addition, for making matching payments under section 1844 and benefit payments under section 1860D–16 of the Social Security Act that were not anticipated in budget estimates, such sums as may be necessary. 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT  For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, titles XI, XVIII, XIX, and XXI of the Social Security Act, titles XIII and XXVII of the PHS Act, the Clinical Laboratory Improvement Amendments of 1988, and other responsibilities of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, not to exceed $3,669,744,000, to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as authorized by section 201(g) of the Social Security Act; together with all funds collected in accordance with section 353 of the PHS Act and section 1857(e)(2) of the Social Security Act, funds retained by the Secretary pursuant to section 1893(h) of the Social Security Act, and such sums as may be collected from authorized user fees and the sale of data, which shall be credited to this account and remain available until expended: Provided, That all funds derived in accordance with 31 U.S.C. 9701 from organizations established under title XIII of the PHS Act shall be credited to and available for carrying out the purposes of this appropriation: Provided further, That the Secretary is directed to collect fees in fiscal year 2019 from Medicare Advantage organizations pursuant to section 1857(e)(2) 
of the Social Security Act and from eligible organizations with risksharing contracts under section 1876 of that Act pursuant to section 1876(k)(4)(D) of that Act. 
ACCOUNT  In addition to amounts otherwise available for program integrity and program management, $765,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020, to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund, as authorized by section 201(g) of the Social Security Act, of which $599,389,000 shall be for the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services program integrity activities, of which $87,230,000 shall be for the Department of Health and Human Services Office of Inspector General to carry out fraud and abuse activities authorized by section 1817(k)(3) of such Act, and of which $78,381,000 shall be for the Department of Justice to carry out fraud and abuse activities authorized by section 1817(k)(3) of such Act: Provided, That the report required by section 1817(k)(5) of the Social Security Act for fiscal year 2019 shall include measures of the operational efficiency and impact on fraud, waste, and abuse in the Medicare, Medicaid, and CHIP programs for the funds provided by this appropriation: Provided further, That of the amount provided under this heading, $311,000,000 is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(C)(ii) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and $454,000,000 is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(C) of such Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide not less than $17,621,000 for the Senior Medicare Patrol program to combat health care fraud and abuse from the funds provided to this account. ADMINISTRATION FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES  
ENFORCEMENT AND FAMILY SUPPORT PROGRAMS  For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, $2,922,247,000, to remain available until expended; and for such purposes for the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, $1,400,000,000, to remain available until expended. For carrying out, after May 31 of the current fiscal year, except as otherwise provided, titles I, IV–D, X, XI, XIV, and XVI of the Social Security Act and the Act of July 5, 1960, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. 
LOW INCOME HOME ENERGY ASSISTANCE  For making payments under subsections (b) and (d) of section 2602 of the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981, $3,690,304,000: Provided, That all but $716,000,000 of this amount shall be allocated as though the total appropriation for such payments for fiscal year 2019 was less than $1,975,000,000: Provided further, That notwithstanding section 2609A(a), of the amounts appropriated under section 2602(b), not more than $2,988,000 of such amounts may be reserved by the Secretary for technical assistance, training, and monitoring of program activities for compliance with internal controls, policies and procedures and may, in addition to the authorities provided in section 2609A(a)(1), use such funds through contracts with private entities that do not qualify as nonprofit organizations. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For necessary expenses for refugee and entrant assistance activities authorized by section 414 of the Immigration and Nationality Act and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980, and for carrying out section 462 of the Homeland Security Act of 2002, section 235 of the William Wilberforce Trafficking Victims Protection Reauthorization Act of 2008, the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000 (‘‘TVPA’’), and the Torture Victims Relief Act of 1998, $1,905,201,000, of which $1,864,446,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2021 for carrying out such sections 414, 501, 462, and 235: Provided, That amounts available under this heading to carry out the TVPA shall also be available for research and evaluation with respect to activities under such Act: Provided further, That the limitation in section 205 of this Act regarding transfers increasing any appropriation shall apply to transfers to appropriations under this heading by substituting ‘‘15 percent’’ for ‘‘3 percent’’. PAYMENTS TO STATES FOR THE CHILD CARE AND  
DEVELOPMENT BLOCK GRANT  For carrying out the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990 (‘‘CCDBG Act’’), $5,276,000,000 shall be used to supplement, not supplant State general revenue funds for child care assistance for lowincome families: Provided, That technical assistance under section 658I(a)(3) of such Act may be provided directly, or through the use of contracts, grants, cooperative agreements, or interagency agreements: Provided further, That all funds made available to carry out section 418 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 618), including funds appropriated for that purpose in such section 418 or any other provision of law, shall be subject to the reservation of funds authority in paragraphs (4) and (5) of section 658O(a) of the CCDBG Act: Provided further, That in addition to the amounts required to be reserved by the Secretary under section 658O(a)(2)(A) of such Act, $156,780,000 shall be for Indian tribes and tribal organizations. 
SOCIAL SERVICES BLOCK GRANT  For making grants to States pursuant to section 2002 of the Social Security Act, $1,700,000,000: Provided, That notwithstanding subparagraph (B) of section 404(d)(2) of such Act, the applicable percent specified under such subparagraph for a State to carry out State programs pursuant to title XX–A of such Act shall be 10 percent. 
CHILDREN AND FAMILIES SERVICES PROGRAMS  For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, the Runaway and Homeless Youth Act, the Head Start Act, the Every Student Succeeds Act, the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, sections 303 and 313 of the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act, the Native American Programs Act of 1974, title II of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment and Adoption Reform Act of 1978 (adoption opportunities), part B–1 of title IV and sections 429, 473A, 477(i), 1110, 1114A, and 1115 of the Social Security Act, and the Community Services Block Grant Act (‘‘CSBG Act’’); and for necessary administrative expenses to carry out titles I, IV, V, X, XI, XIV, XVI, and XX–A of the Social Security Act, the Act of July 5, 1960, the LowIncome Home Energy Assistance Act of 1981, the Child Care and Development Block Grant Act of 1990, the Assets for Independence Act, title IV of the Immigration and Nationality Act, and section 501 of the Refugee Education Assistance Act of 1980, $12,239,225,000, of which $75,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020, shall be for grants to States for adoption and legal guardianship incentive payments, as defined by section 473A of the Social Security Act and may be made for adoptions and legal guardianships completed before September 30, 2019: Provided, That $10,063,095,000 shall be for making payments under the Head Start Act, of which, notwithstanding section 640 of such Act: (1) $150,000,000 shall be available for a cost of living adjustment, and with respect to any continuing appropriations act, funding available for a cost of living adjustment shall not be construed as an authority or condition under this Act; (2) $25,000,000 shall be available for allocation by the Secretary to supplement activities described in paragraphs (7)(B) and (9) of section 641(c) of the Head Start Act under the Designation Renewal System, established under the authority of sections 641(c)(7), 645A(b)(12), and 645A(d) of such Act, and such funds shall not be included in the calculation of ‘‘base grant’’ in subsequent fiscal years, as such term is used in section 640(a)(7)(A) of such Act; and (3) $805,000,000, in addition to funds otherwise available under such section 640 for such purposes, shall be available through March 31, 2020, for Early Head Start programs as described in section 645A of such Act, for conversion of Head Start services to Early Head Start services as described in section 645(a)(5)(A) of such Act, for discretionary grants for high quality infant and toddler care through Early Head Start Child Care Partnerships, to entities defined as eligible under section 645A(d) of such Act, for training and technical assistance for such activities, and for up to $16,000,000 in Federal costs of administration and evaluation: Provided further, That the Secretary may reduce the reservation of funds under section 640(a)(2)(C) of such Act in lieu of reducing the reservation of funds under sections 640(a)(2)(B), 640(a)(2)(D), and 640(a)(2)(E) of such Act: Provided further, That $250,000,000 shall be available until December 31, 2019 for carrying out sections 9212 and 9213 of the Every Student Succeeds Act: Provided further, That up to 3 percent of the funds in the preceding proviso shall be available for technical assistance and evaluation related to grants awarded under such section 9212: Provided further, That $753,883,000 shall be for making payments under the CSBG Act: Provided further, That $29,233,000 shall be for sections 680 and 678E(b)(2) of the CSBG Act, of which not less than $19,883,000 shall be for section 680(a)(2) and not less than $9,000,000 shall be for section 680(a)(3)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That, notwithstanding section 675C(a)(3) of such Act, to the extent Community Services Block Grant funds are distributed as grant funds by a State to an eligible entity as provided under such Act, and have not been expended by such entity, they shall remain with such entity for carryover into the next fiscal year for expenditure by such entity consistent with program purposes: Provided further, That the Secretary shall establish procedures regarding the disposition of intangible assets and program income that permit such assets acquired with, and program income derived from, grant funds authorized under section 680 of the CSBG Act to become the sole property of such grantees after a period of not more than 12 years after the end of the grant period for any activity consistent with section 680(a)(2)(A) of the CSBG Act: Provided further, That intangible assets in the form of loans, equity investments and other debt instruments, and program income may be used by grantees for any eligible purpose consistent with section 680(a)(2)(A) of the CSBG Act: Provided further, That these procedures shall apply to such grant funds made available after November 29, 1999: Provided further, That funds appropriated for section 680(a)(2) of the CSBG Act shall be available for financing construction and rehabilitation and loans or investments in private business enterprises owned by community development corporations: Provided further, That $164,500,000 shall be for carrying out section 303(a) of the Family Violence Prevention and Services Act, of which $5,000,000 shall be allocated notwithstanding section 303(a)(2) of such Act for carrying out section 309 of such Act: Provided further, That the percentages specified in section 112(a)(2) of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act shall not apply to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That $1,864,000 shall be for a human services case management system for federally declared disasters, to include a comprehensive national case management contract and Federal costs of administering the system: 
Provided further, That up to $2,000,000 shall be for improving the Public Assistance Reporting Information System, including grants to States to support data collection for a study of the system’s effectiveness. 
PROMOTING SAFE AND STABLE FAMILIES  For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, section 436 of the Social Security Act, $345,000,000 and, for carrying out, except as otherwise provided, section 437 of such Act, $99,765,000: Provided, That of the funds available to carry out section 437, $59,765,000 shall be allocated consistent with subsections (b) through (d) of such section: Provided further, That of the funds available to carry out section 437, to assist in meeting the requirements described in section 471(e)(4)(C), $20,000,000 shall be for grants to each State, territory, and Indian tribe operating title IV–E plans for developing, enhancing, or evaluating kinship navigator programs, as described in section 427(a)(1) of such Act, and $20,000,000, in addition to funds otherwise appropriated in section 436 for such purposes, shall be for competitive grants to regional partnerships as described in section 437(f): Provided further, That section 437(b)(1) shall be applied to amounts in the previous proviso by substituting ‘‘5 percent’’ for ‘‘3.3 percent’’, and notwithstanding section 436(b)(1), such reserved amounts may be used for identifying, establishing, and disseminating practices to meet the criteria specified in section 471(e)(4)(C): Provided further, That the reservation in section 437(b)(2) and the limitations in section 437(d) shall not apply to funds specified in the second proviso: Provided further, That the minimum grant award for kinship navigator programs in the case of States and territories shall be $200,000, and, in the case of tribes, shall be $25,000: Provided further, That section 437(b)(4) of such Act shall be applied by substituting ‘‘fiscal year 2019’’ for ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’. 
PAYMENTS FOR FOSTER CARE AND PERMANENCY  For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, $6,035,000,000. For carrying out, except as otherwise provided, title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, $2,800,000,000. For carrying out, after May 31 of the current fiscal year, except as otherwise provided, section 474 of title IV–E of the Social Security Act, for the last 3 months of the current fiscal year for unanticipated costs, incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. ADMINISTRATION FOR COMMUNITY LIVING  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Older Americans Act of 1965 (‘‘OAA’’), the RAISE Family Caregivers Act, the Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act, titles III and XXIX of the PHS Act, sections 1252 and 1253 of the PHS Act, section 119 of the Medicare Improvements for Patients and Providers Act of 2008, title XX–B of the Social Security Act, the Developmental Disabilities Assistance and Bill of Rights Act, parts 2 and 5 of subtitle D of title II of the Help America Vote Act of 2002, the Assistive Technology Act of 1998, titles II and VII (and section 14 with respect to such titles) of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, and for Departmentwide coordination of policy and program activities that assist individuals with disabilities, $2,120,200,000, together with $49,115,000 to be transferred from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund to carry out section 4360 of the Omnibus Budget Reconciliation Act of 1990: Provided, That amounts appropriated under this heading may be used for grants to States under section 361 of the OAA only for disease prevention and health promotion programs and activities which have been demonstrated through rigorous evaluation to be evidencebased and effective: Provided further, That of amounts made available under this heading to carry out sections 311, 331, and 336 of the OAA, up to one percent of such amounts shall be available for developing and implementing evidencebased practices for enhancing senior nutrition: Provided further, That notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, funds made available under this heading to carry out section 311 of the OAA may be transferred to the Secretary of Agriculture in accordance with such section: Provided further, That $2,000,000 shall be for competitive grants to support alternative financing programs that provide for the purchase of assistive technology devices, such as a lowinterest loan fund; an interest buydown program; a revolving loan fund; a loan guarantee; or an insurance program: Provided further, That applicants shall provide an assurance that, and information describing the manner in which, the alternative financing program will expand and emphasize consumer choice and control: Provided further, That State agencies and communitybased disability organizations that are directed by and operated for individuals with disabilities shall be eligible to compete: Provided further, That none of the funds made available under this heading may be used by an eligible system (as defined in section 102 of the Protection and Advocacy for Individuals with Mental Illness Act (42 U.S.C. 10802)) to continue to pursue any legal action in a Federal or State court on behalf of an individual or group of individuals with a developmental disability (as defined in section 102(8)(A) of the Developmental Disabilities and Assistance and Bill of Rights Act of 2000 (20 U.S.C. 15002(8)(A)) that is attributable to a mental impairment (or a combination of mental and physical impairments), that has as the requested remedy the closure of State operated intermediate care facilities for people with intellectual or developmental disabilities, unless reasonable public notice of the action has been provided to such individuals (or, in the case of mental incapacitation, the legal guardians who have been specifically awarded authority by the courts to make healthcare and residential decisions on behalf of such individuals) who are affected by such action, within 90 days of instituting such legal action, which informs such individuals (or such legal guardians) of their legal rights and how to exercise such rights consistent with current Federal Rules of Civil Procedure: Provided further, That the limitations in the immediately preceding proviso shall not apply in the case of an individual who is neither competent to consent nor has a legal guardian, nor shall the proviso apply in the case of individuals who are a ward of the State or subject to public guardianship. OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
GENERAL DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  For necessary expenses, not otherwise provided, for general departmental management, including hire of six passenger motor vehicles, and for carrying out titles III, XVII, XXI, and section 229 of the PHS Act, the United States Mexico Border Health Commission Act, and research studies under section 1110 of the Social Security Act, $480,629,000, together with $64,828,000 from the amounts available under section 241 of the PHS Act to carry out national health or human services research and evaluation activities: Provided, That of this amount, $53,900,000 shall be for minority AIDS prevention and treatment activities: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $101,000,000 shall be for making competitive contracts and grants to public and private entities to fund medically accurate and age appropriate programs that reduce teen pregnancy and for the Federal costs associated with administering and evaluating such contracts and grants, of which not more than 10 percent of the available funds shall be for training and technical assistance, evaluation, outreach, and additional program support activities, and of the remaining amount 75 percent shall be for replicating programs that have been proven effective through rigorous evaluation to reduce teenage pregnancy, behavioral risk factors underlying teenage pregnancy, or other associated risk factors, and 25 percent shall be available for research and demonstration grants to develop, replicate, refine, and test additional models and innovative strategies for preventing teenage pregnancy: Provided further, That of the amounts provided under this heading from amounts available under section 241 of the PHS Act, $6,800,000 shall be available to carry out evaluations (including longitudinal evaluations) of teenage pregnancy prevention approaches: Provided further, That of the funds made available under this heading, $35,000,000 shall be for making competitive grants which exclusively implement education in sexual risk avoidance (defined as voluntarily refraining from nonmarital sexual activity): Provided further, That funding for such competitive grants for sexual risk avoidance shall use medically accurate information referenced to peerreviewed publications by educational, scientific, governmental, or health organizations; implement an evidencebased approach integrating research findings with practical implementation that aligns with the needs and desired outcomes for the intended audience; and teach the benefits associated with selfregulation, success sequencing for poverty prevention, healthy relationships, goal setting, and resisting sexual coercion, dating violence, and other youth risk behaviors such as underage drinking or illicit drug use without normalizing teen sexual activity: Provided further, That no more than 10 percent of the funding for such competitive grants for sexual risk avoidance shall be available for technical assistance and administrative costs of such programs: Provided further, That funds provided in this Act for embryo adoption activities may be used to provide to individuals adopting embryos, through grants and other mechanisms, medical and administrative services deemed necessary for such adoptions: Provided further, That such services shall be provided consistent with 42 CFR 59.5(a)(4). OFFICE OF MEDICARE HEARINGS AND APPEALS  For expenses necessary for the Office of Medicare Hearings and Appeals, $182,381,000 shall remain available until September 30, 2020, to be transferred in appropriate part from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund. 
HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  For expenses necessary for the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology, including grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements for the development and advancement of interoperable health information technology, $60,367,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General, including the hire of passenger motor vehicles for investigations, in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $80,000,000: Provided, That of such amount, necessary sums shall be available for providing protective services to the Secretary and investigating nonpayment of child support cases for which nonpayment is a Federal offense under 18 U.S.C. 228. 
OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS  For expenses necessary for the Office for Civil Rights, $38,798,000. 
COMMISSIONED OFFICERS  For retirement pay and medical benefits of Public Health Service Commissioned Officers as authorized by law, for payments under the Retired Serviceman’s Family Protection Plan and Survivor Benefit Plan, and for medical care of 
dependents and retired personnel under the Dependents’ Medical Care Act, such amounts as may be required during the current fiscal year. 
FUND  For expenses necessary to support activities related to countering potential biological, nuclear, radiological, chemical, and cybersecurity threats to civilian populations, and for other public health emergencies, $1,026,458,000, of which $561,700,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for expenses necessary to support advanced research and development pursuant to section 319L of the PHS Act and other administrative expenses of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority: Provided, That funds provided under this heading for the purpose of acquisition of security countermeasures shall be in addition to any other funds available for such purpose: Provided further, That products purchased with funds provided under this heading may, at the discretion of the Secretary, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile pursuant to section 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That $5,000,000 of the amounts made available to support emergency operations shall remain available through September 30, 2021. For expenses necessary for procuring security countermeasures (as defined in section 319F– 2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act), $735,000,000, to remain available until expended. For an additional amount for expenses necessary to prepare for or respond to an influenza pandemic, $260,000,000; of which $225,000,000 shall be available until expended, for activities including the development and purchase of vaccine, antivirals, necessary medical supplies, diagnostics, and other surveillance tools: Provided, That notwithstanding section 496(b) of the PHS Act, funds may be used for the construction or renovation of privately owned facilities for the production of pandemic influenza vaccines and other biologics, if the Secretary finds such construction or renovation necessary to secure sufficient supplies of such vaccines or biologics. GENERAL PROVISIONS  SEC. 201. Funds appropriated in this title shall be available for not to exceed $50,000 for official reception and representation expenses when specifically approved by the Secretary. SEC. 202. None of the funds appropriated in this title shall be used to pay the salary of an individual, through a grant or other extramural mechanism, at a rate in excess of Executive Level II. SEC. 203. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be expended pursuant to section 241 of the PHS Act, except for funds specifically provided for in this Act, or for other taps and assessments made by any office located in HHS, prior to the preparation and submission of a report by the Secretary to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the planned uses of such funds. SEC. 204. Notwithstanding section 241(a) of the PHS Act, such portion as the Secretary shall determine, but not more than 2.5 percent, of any amounts appropriated for programs authorized under such Act shall be made available for the evaluation (directly, or by grants or contracts) and the implementation and effectiveness of programs funded in this title. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 205. Not to exceed 1 percent of any discretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the current fiscal year for HHS in this Act may be transferred between appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. SEC. 206. In lieu of the timeframe specified in section 338E(c)(2) of the PHS Act, terminations described in such section may occur up to 60 days after the execution of a contract awarded in fiscal year 2019 under section 338B of such Act. SEC. 207. None of the funds appropriated in this Act may be made available to any entity under title X of the PHS Act unless the applicant for the award certifies to the Secretary that it encourages family participation in the decision of minors to seek family planning services and that it provides counseling to minors on how to resist attempts to coerce minors into engaging in sexual activities. SEC. 208. Notwithstanding any other provision of law, no provider of services under title X of the PHS Act shall be exempt from any State law requiring notification or the reporting of child abuse, child molestation, sexual abuse, rape, or incest. SEC. 209. None of the funds appropriated by this Act (including funds appropriated to any trust fund) may be used to carry out the Medicare Advantage program if the Secretary denies participation in such program to an otherwise eligible entity (including a Provider Sponsored Organization) because the entity informs the Secretary that it will not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or provide referrals for abortions: Provided, That the Secretary shall make appropriate prospective adjustments to the capitation payment to such an entity (based on an actuarially sound estimate of the expected costs of providing the service to such entity’s enrollees): Provided further, That nothing in this section shall be construed to change the Medicare program’s coverage for such services and a Medicare Advantage organization described in this section shall be responsible for informing enrollees where to obtain information about all Medicare covered services. SEC. 210. None of the funds made available in this title may be used, in whole or in part, to advocate or promote gun control. SEC. 211. The Secretary shall make available through assignment not more than 60 employees of the Public Health Service to assist in child survival activities and to work in AIDS programs through and with funds provided by the Agency for International Development, the United Nations International Children’s Emergency Fund or the World Health Organization. SEC. 212. In order for HHS to carry out international health activities, including HIV/AIDS and other infectious disease, chronic and environmental disease, and other health activities abroad during fiscal year 2019: (1) The Secretary may exercise authority equivalent to that available to the Secretary of State in section 2(c) of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956. The Secretary shall consult with the Secretary of State and relevant Chief of Mission to ensure that the authority provided in this section is exercised in a manner consistent with section 207 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980 and other applicable statutes administered by the Department of State. (2) The Secretary is authorized to provide such funds by advance or reimbursement to the Secretary of State as may be necessary to pay the costs of acquisition, lease, alteration, renovation, and management of facilities outside of the United States for the use of HHS. The Department of State shall cooperate fully with the Secretary to ensure that HHS has secure, safe, functional facilities that comply with applicable regulation governing location, setback, and other facilities requirements and serve the purposes established by this Act. The Secretary is authorized, in consultation with the Secretary of State, through grant or cooperative agreement, to make available to public or nonprofit private institutions or agencies in participating foreign countries, funds to acquire, lease, alter, or renovate facilities in those countries as necessary to conduct programs of assistance for international health activities, including activities relating to HIV/AIDS and other infectious diseases, chronic and environmental diseases, and other health activities abroad. (3) The Secretary is authorized to provide to personnel appointed or assigned by the Secretary to serve abroad, allowances and benefits similar to those provided under chapter 9 of title I of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, and 22 U.S.C. 4081 through 4086 and subject to such regulations prescribed by the Secretary. The Secretary is further authorized to provide localitybased comparability payments (stated as a percentage) up to the amount of the locality based comparability payment (stated as a percentage) that would be payable to such personnel under section 5304 of title 5, United States Code if such personnel’s official duty station were in the District of Columbia. Leaves of absence for personnel under this subsection shall be on the same basis as that provided under subchapter I of chapter 63 of title 5, United States Code, or section 903 of the Foreign Service Act of 1980, to individuals serving in the Foreign Service. (TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 213. The Director of the NIH, jointly with the Director of the Office of AIDS Research, may transfer up to 3 percent among institutes and centers from the total amounts identified by these two Directors as funding for research pertaining to the human immunodeficiency virus: Provided, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 214. Of the amounts made available in this Act for NIH, the amount for research related to the human immunodeficiency virus, as jointly determined by the Director of NIH and the Director of the Office of AIDS Research, shall be made available to the ‘‘Office of AIDS Research’’ account. The Director of the Office of AIDS Research shall transfer from such account amounts necessary to carry out section 2353(d)(3) of the PHS Act. SEC. 215. (a) A UTHORITY .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, the Director of NIH (‘‘Director’’) may use funds authorized under section 402(b)(12) of the PHS Act to enter into transactions (other than contracts, cooperative agreements, or grants) to carry out research identified pursuant to or research and activities described in such section 402(b)(12). (b) PEER REVIEW .—In entering into transactions under subsection (a), the Director may utilize such peer review procedures (including consultation with appropriate scientific experts) as the Director determines to be appropriate to obtain assessments of scientific and technical merit. Such procedures shall apply to such transactions in lieu of the peer review and advisory council review procedures that would otherwise be required under sections 301(a)(3), 405(b)(1)(B), 405(b)(2), 406(a)(3)(A), 492, and 494 of the PHS Act. SEC. 216. Not to exceed $45,000,000 of funds appropriated by this Act to the institutes and centers of the National Institutes of Health may be used for alteration, repair, or improvement of facilities, as necessary for the proper and efficient conduct of the activities authorized herein, at not to exceed $3,500,000 per project. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 217. Of the amounts made available for NIH, 1 percent of the amount made available for National Research Service Awards (‘‘NRSA’’) shall be made available to the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration to make NRSA awards for research in primary medical care to individuals affiliated with 
entities who have received grants or contracts under sections 736, 739, or 747 of the PHS Act, and 1 percent of the amount made available for NRSA shall be made available to the Director of the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality to make NRSA awards for health service research. SEC. 218. (a) The Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority (‘‘BARDA’’) may enter into a contract, for more than one but no more than 10 program years, for purchase of research services or of security countermeasures, as that term is defined in section 319F–2(c)(1)(B) of the PHS Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(c)(1)(B)), if— (1) funds are available and obligated— (A) for the full period of the contract or for the first fiscal year in which the contract is in effect; and (B) for the estimated costs associated with a necessary termination of the contract; and (2) the Secretary determines that a multiyear contract will serve the best interests of the Federal Government by encouraging full and open competition or promoting economy in administration, performance, and operation of BARDA’s programs. (b) A contract entered into under this section— (1) shall include a termination clause as described by subsection (c) of section 3903 of title 41, United States Code; and (2) shall be subject to the congressional notice requirement stated in subsection (d) of such section. SEC. 219. (a) The Secretary shall publish in the fiscal year 2020 budget justification and on Departmental Web sites information concerning the employment of fulltime equivalent Federal employees or contractors for the purposes of implementing, administering, enforcing, or otherwise carrying out the provisions of the ACA, and the amendments made by that Act, in the proposed fiscal year and each fiscal year since the enactment of the ACA. (b) With respect to employees or contractors supported by all funds appropriated for purposes of carrying out the ACA (and the amendments made by that Act), the Secretary shall include, at a minimum, the following information: (1) For each such fiscal year, the section of such Act under which such funds were appropriated, a statement indicating the program, project, or activity receiving such funds, the Federal operating division or office that administers such program, and the amount of funding received in discretionary or mandatory appropriations. (2) For each such fiscal year, the number of fulltime equivalent employees or contracted employees assigned to each authorized and funded provision detailed in accordance with paragraph (1). (c) In carrying out this section, the Secretary may exclude from the report employees or contractors who— (1) are supported through appropriations enacted in laws other than the ACA and work on programs that existed prior to the passage of the ACA; (2) spend less than 50 percent of their time on activities funded by or newly authorized in the ACA; or (3) work on contracts for which FTE reporting is not a requirement of their contract, such as fixedprice contracts. SEC. 220. The Secretary shall publish, as part of the fiscal year 2020 budget of the President submitted under section 1105(a) of title 31, United States Code, information that details the uses of all funds used by the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services specifically for Health Insurance Exchanges for each fiscal year since the enactment of the ACA and the proposed uses for such funds for fiscal year 2020. Such information shall include, for each such fiscal year, the amount of funds used for each activity specified under the heading ‘‘Health Insurance Exchange Transparency’’ in the joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act. SEC. 221. None of the funds made available by this Act from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund or the Federal Supplemental Medical Insurance Trust Fund, or transferred from other accounts funded by this Act to the ‘‘Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services—Program Management’’ account, may be used for payments under section 1342(b)(1) of Public Law 111–148 (relating to risk corridors). 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 222. (a) Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall transfer funds appropriated under section 4002 of the ACA to the accounts specified, in the amounts specified, and for the activities specified under the heading ‘‘Prevention and Public Health Fund’’ in the joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act. (b) Notwithstanding section 4002(c) of the ACA, the Secretary may not further transfer these amounts. (c) Funds transferred for activities authorized under section 2821 of the PHS Act shall be made available without reference to section 2821(b) of such Act. SEC. 223. Effective during the period beginning on November 1, 2015 and ending January 1, 2021, any provision of law that refers (including through crossreference to another provision of law) to the current recommendations of the United States Preventive Services Task Force with respect to breast cancer screening, mammography, and prevention shall be administered by the Secretary involved as if— (1) such reference to such current recommendations were a reference to the recommendations of such Task Force with respect to breast cancer screening, mammography, and prevention last issued before 2009; and (2) such recommendations last issued before 2009 applied to any screening mammography modality under section 1861(jj) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1395x(jj)). SEC. 224. In making Federal financial assistance, the provisions relating to indirect costs in part 75 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, including with respect to the approval of deviations from negotiated rates, shall continue to apply to the National Institutes of Health to the same extent and in the same manner as such provisions were applied in the third quarter of fiscal year 2017. None of the funds appropriated in this or prior Acts or otherwise made available to the Department of Health and Human Services or to any department or agency may be used to develop or implement a modified approach to such provisions, or to intentionally or substantially expand the fiscal effect of the approval of such deviations from negotiated rates beyond the proportional effect of such approvals in such quarter. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 225. The NIH Director may transfer funds specifically appropriated for opioid addiction, opioid alternatives, pain management, and addiction treatment to other Institutes and Centers of the NIH to be used for the same purpose 15 days after notifying the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That the transfer authority provided in the previous proviso is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law. SEC. 226. (a) The Secretary shall provide to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: (1) Detailed monthly enrollment figures from the Exchanges established under the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act of 2010 pertaining to enrollments during the open enrollment period; and (2) Notification of any new or competitive grant awards, including supplements, authorized under section 330 of the Public Health Service Act. (b) The Committees on Appropriations of the House and Senate must be notified at least 2 business days in advance of any public release of enrollment information or the award of such grants. SEC. 227. In addition to the amounts otherwise available for ‘‘Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, Program Management’’, the Secretary of Health and Human Services may transfer up to $305,000,000 to such account from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund to support program management activity related to the Medicare Program: Provided, That except for the foregoing purpose, such funds may not be used to support any provision of Public Law 111–148 or Public Law 111–152 (or any amendment made by either such Public Law) or to supplant any other amounts within such account. 
(RESCISSION)  SEC. 228. Of the unobligated balances available in the ‘‘Nonrecurring Expenses Fund’’ established in section 223 of division G of Public Law 110–161, $400,000,000 are hereby rescinded. SEC. 229. Not later than the 15th day of each month, the Department of Health and Human Services shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate a report on staffing described in the joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act. SEC. 230. Funds appropriated in this Act that are available for salaries and expenses of employees of the Department of Health and Human Services shall also be available to pay travel and related expenses of such an employee or of a member of his or her family, when such employee is assigned to duty, in the United States or in a U.S. territory, during a period and in a location that are the subject of a determination of a public health emergency under section 319 of the Public Health Service Act and such travel is necessary to obtain medical care for an illness, injury, or medical condition that cannot be adequately addressed in that location at that time. For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘U.S. territory’’ means Guam, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the Northern Mariana Islands, the Virgin Islands, American Samoa, or the Trust Territory of the Pacific Islands. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 231. There is established in the Treasury a reserve fund to be known as the ‘‘Infectious Diseases Rapid Response Reserve Fund’’ (the ‘‘Reserve Fund’’): Provided, That of the funds provided under the heading ‘‘CDCWide Activities and Program Support’’, $50,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be available to the Director of the CDC for deposit in the Reserve Fund: Provided further, That amounts in the Reserve Fund shall be for carrying out titles II, III, and XVII of the PHS Act to prevent, prepare for, or respond to an infectious disease emergency, including, in connection with such activities, to purchase or lease and provide for the insurance of passenger motor vehicles for official use in foreign countries: Provided further, That amounts in the Reserve Fund may only be provided for an infectious disease emergency if the infectious disease emergency (1) is declared by the Secretary of Health and Human Services under section 319 of the PHS Act to be a public health emergency; or (2) as determined by the Secretary, has significant potential to imminently occur and potential, on occurrence, to affect national security or the health and security of United States citizens, domestically or internationally: Provided further, That amounts in the Reserve Fund may be transferred by the Director of the CDC to other accounts of the CDC, to accounts of the NIH, or to the Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund, to be merged with such accounts or Fund for the purposes provided in this section: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate shall be notified in advance of any transfer or obligation made under the authority provided in this section, including notification on the anticipated uses of such funds 
by program, project, or activity: Provided further, That not later than 15 days after notification of the planned use of the Reserve Fund, the Director shall provide a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds, including estimated personnel and administrative costs, to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That such plans shall be updated and submitted every 90 days thereafter until funds have been fully expended which should include the unobligated balances in the Reserve Fund and all the actual obligations incurred to date: Provided further, That amounts in the Reserve Fund shall be in addition to amounts otherwise available to the Department of Health and Human Services for the purposes provided in this section: Provided further, That the transfer authorities in this section are in addition to any transfer authority otherwise available to the Department of Health and Human Services: Provided further, That products purchased using amounts in the Reserve Fund may, at the discretion of the Secretary of Health and Human Services, be deposited in the Strategic National Stockpile under section 319F–2 of the PHS Act: Provided further, That this section shall be in effect as of the date of the enactment of this Act through each fiscal year hereafter. SEC. 232. The Department of Health and Human Services may accept donations from the private sector, nongovernmental organizations, and other groups independent of the Federal Government for the care of unaccompanied alien children (as defined in section 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g)(2))) in the care of the Office of Refugee Resettlement of the Administration for Children and Families, including medical goods and services, school supplies, toys, clothing, and any other items intended to promote the wellbeing of such children. SEC. 233. The Secretary shall submit to the Congress by November 15, 2018, a plan to promptly facilitate the reunification of children separated from their parents and placed in the custody of the Office of Refugee Resettlement (‘‘ORR’’), including the reunification of children with parents who are no longer in the United States: Provided, That such plan shall include possible children of potential class members in the classaction lawsuit Ms. L v. ICE, as identified in the Joint Status Report filed on September 6, 2018: Provided further, That such plan shall describe the activities the Administration has undertaken to locate parents who are no longer in the United States and to reunify those parents with their children, including (1) the process for tracking children and parents, (2) the process for coordinating interagency responsibilities for communication, location, and reunification of such parents, and (3) the number of parents that the Administration has been unable to contact: Provided further, That such plan shall provide detailed information on how many parents have been determined to be ineligible for reunification and the reasons for those determinations: Provided further, That such plan shall identify the number of children in ORR custody whose parents were deported that (1) have been reunified with their parents, (2) have been released into the custody of a family member other than a parent, (3) have been released into the custody of a sponsor who is not a family member, and (4) are still in ORR custody: Provided further, That such plan shall provide detailed information regarding the procedures the Administration follows when child sexual abuse is alleged at facilities operated by ORR contractors: Provided further, That such plan shall include an estimate of expenditures in fiscal year 2018 and an estimate of anticipated expenditures in fiscal year 2019 related to housing children who were separated from their parents at the border as well as activities to reunify such children with their parents: Provided further, That if such plan is not submitted by the deadline identified above, the Department of Health and Human Services may not, until such a plan has been submitted to the Congress, obligate funds from the Fund established by section 223 of title II of division G of Public Law 110– 161, except to obligate funds for projects identified in the joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act. SEC. 234. None of the funds made available by this Act may be used to prevent a Member of the United States Congress from entering, for the purpose of conducting oversight, any facility in the United States, used for purposes of maintaining custody of or otherwise housing unaccompanied alien children (as defined in section 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g)(2))). This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION EDUCATION FOR THE DISADVANTAGED  For carrying out title I and subpart 2 of part B of title II of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘ESEA’’) and section 418A of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (referred to in this Act as ‘‘HEA’’), $16,543,790,000, of which $5,625,990,000 shall become available on July 1, 2019, and shall remain available through September 30, 2020, and of which $10,841,177,000 shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for academic year 2019–2020: Provided, That $6,459,401,000 shall be for basic grants under section 1124 of the ESEA: Provided further, That up to $5,000,000 of these funds shall be available to the Secretary of Education (referred to in this title as ‘‘Secretary’’) on October 1, 2018, to obtain annually updated local educational agency level census poverty data from the Bureau of the Census: Provided further, That $1,362,301,000 shall be for concentration grants under section 1124A of the ESEA: Provided further, That $4,019,050,000 shall be for targeted grants under section 1125 of the ESEA: Provided further, That $4,019,050,000 shall be for education finance incentive grants under section 1125A of the ESEA: Provided further, That $217,000,000 shall be for carrying out subpart 2 of part B of title II: Provided further, That $44,623,000 shall be for carrying out section 418A of the HEA. IMPACT AID For carrying out programs of financial assistance to federally affected schools authorized by title VII of the ESEA, $1,446,112,000, of which $1,301,242,000 shall be for basic support payments under section 7003(b), $48,316,000 shall be for payments for children with disabilities under section 7003(d), $17,406,000, to remain available for obligation through September 30, 2020, shall be for construction under section 7007(b), $74,313,000 shall be for Federal property payments under section 7002, and $4,835,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for facilities maintenance under section 7008: Provided, That for purposes of computing the amount of a payment for an eligible local educational agency under section 7003(a) for school year 2018–2019, children enrolled in a school of such agency that would otherwise be eligible for payment under section 7003(a)(1)(B) of such Act, but due to the deployment of both parents or legal guardians, or a parent or legal guardian having sole custody of such children, or due to the death of a military parent or legal guardian while on active duty (so long as such children reside on Federal property as described in section 7003(a)(1)(B)), are no longer eligible under such section, shall be considered as eligible students under such section, provided such students remain in average daily attendance at a school in the same local educational agency they attended prior to their change in eligibility status. SCHOOL IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS  For carrying out school improvement activities authorized by part B of title I, part A of title II, subpart 1 of part A of title IV, part B of title IV, part B of title V, and parts B and C of title VI of the ESEA; the McKinneyVento Homeless Assistance Act; section 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002; the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003; and the Civil Rights Act of 1964, $5,246,967,000, of which $3,418,402,000 shall become available on July 1, 2019, and remain available through September 30, 2020, and of which $1,681,441,000 shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for academic year 2019–2020: Provided, That $378,000,000 shall be for part B of title I: Provided further, That $1,221,673,000 shall be for part B of title IV: Provided further, That $36,397,000 shall be for part B of title VI and may be used for construction, renovation, and modernization of any elementary school, secondary school, or structure related to an elementary school or secondary school, run by the Department of Education of the State of Hawaii, that serves a predominantly Native Hawaiian student body: Provided further, That $35,453,000 shall be for part C of title VI and shall be awarded on a competitive basis, and also may be used for construction: Provided further, That $52,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 203 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002 and the Secretary shall make such arrangements as determined to be necessary to ensure that the Bureau of Indian Education has access to services provided under this section: Provided further, That $16,699,000 shall be available to carry out the Supplemental Education Grants program for the Federated States of Micronesia and the Republic of the Marshall Islands: Provided further, That the Secretary may reserve up to 5 percent of the amount referred to in the previous proviso to provide technical assistance in the implementation of these grants: Provided further, That $180,840,000 shall be for part B of title V: Provided further, That $1,170,000,000 shall be available for grants under subpart 1 of part A of title IV. INDIAN EDUCATION  For expenses necessary to carry out, to the extent not otherwise provided, title VI, part A of the ESEA, $180,239,000, of which $67,993,000 shall be for subpart 2 of part A of title VI and $6,865,000 shall be for subpart 3 of part A of title VI. INNOVATION AND IMPROVEMENT  For carrying out activities authorized by subparts 1, 3 and 4 of part B of title II, and parts C, D, and E and subparts 1 and 4 of part F of title IV of the ESEA, $1,035,556,000: Provided, That $279,815,000 shall be for subparts 1, 3 and 4 of part B of title II and shall be made available without regard to sections 2201, 2231(b) and 2241: Provided further, That $625,741,000 shall be for parts C, D, and E and subpart 4 of part F of title IV, and shall be made available without regard to sections 4311, 4409(a), and 4601 of the ESEA: Provided further, That section 4303(d)(3)(A)(i) shall not apply to the funds available for part C of title IV: Provided further, That of the funds available for part C of title IV, the Secretary shall use $55,000,000 to carry out section 4304, of which not more than $10,000,000 shall be available to carry out section 4304(k), $135,000,000, to remain available through March 31, 2020, to carry out section 4305(b), and not more than $15,000,000 to carry out the activities in section 4305(a)(3): Provided further, That notwithstanding section 4601(b), $130,000,000 shall be available through December 31, 2019 for subpart 1 of part F of title IV. SAFESCHOOLS AND CITIZENSHIP EDUCATION  For carrying out activities authorized by subparts 2 and 3 of part F of title IV of the ESEA, $190,754,000: Provided, That $95,000,000 shall be 
available for section 4631, of which up to $5,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the Project School Emergency Response to Violence (Project SERV) program: Provided further, That $17,500,000 shall be available for section 4625: Provided further, That $78,254,000 shall be available through December 31, 2019, for section 4624. ENGLISH LANGUAGE ACQUISITION  For carrying out part A of title III of the ESEA, $737,400,000, which shall become available on July 1, 2019, and shall remain available through September 30, 2020, except that 6.5 percent of such amount shall be available on October 1, 2018, and shall remain available through September 30, 2020, to carry out activities under section 3111(c)(1)(C). SPECIAL EDUCATION  For carrying out the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act (IDEA) and the Special Olympics Sport and Empowerment Act of 2004, $13,468,728,000, of which $3,942,129,000 shall become available on July 1, 2019, and shall remain available through September 30, 2020, and of which $9,283,383,000 shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for academic year 2019–2020: Provided, That the amount for section 611(b)(2) of the IDEA shall be equal to the lesser of the amount available for that activity during fiscal year 2018, increased by the amount of inflation as specified in section 619(d)(2)(B) of the IDEA, or the percent change in the funds appropriated under section 611(i) of the IDEA, but not less than the amount for that activity during fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That the Secretary shall, without regard to section 611(d) of the IDEA, distribute to all other States (as that term is defined in section 611(g)(2)), subject to the third proviso, any amount by which a State’s allocation under section 611, from funds appropriated under this heading, is reduced under section 612(a)(18)(B), according to the following: 85 percent on the basis of the States’ relative populations of children aged 3 through 21 who are of the same age as children with disabilities for whom the State ensures the availability of a free appropriate public education under this part, and 15 percent to States on the basis of the States’ relative populations of those children who are living in poverty: Provided further, That the Secretary may not distribute any funds under the previous proviso to any State whose reduction in allocation from funds appropriated under this heading made funds available for such a distribution: Provided further, That the States shall allocate such funds distributed under the second proviso to local educational agencies in accordance with section 611(f): Provided further, That the amount by which a State’s allocation under section 611(d) of the IDEA is reduced under section 612(a)(18)(B) and the amounts distributed to States under the previous provisos in fiscal year 2012 or any subsequent year shall not be considered in calculating the awards under section 611(d) for fiscal year 2013 or for any subsequent fiscal years: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the provision in section 612(a)(18)(B) regarding the fiscal year in which a State’s allocation under section 611(d) is reduced for failure to comply with the requirement of section 612(a)(18)(A), the Secretary may apply the reduction specified in section 612(a)(18)(B) over a period of consecutive fiscal years, not to exceed five, until the entire reduction is applied: Provided further, That the Secretary may, in any fiscal year in which a State’s allocation under section 611 is reduced in accordance with section 612(a)(18)(B), reduce the amount a State may reserve under section 611(e)(1) by an amount that bears the same relation to the maximum amount described in that paragraph as the reduction under section 612(a)(18)(B) bears to the total allocation the State would have received in that fiscal year under section 611(d) in the absence of the reduction: Provided further, That the Secretary shall either reduce the allocation of funds under section 611 for any fiscal year following the fiscal year for which the State fails to comply with the requirement of section 612(a)(18)(A) as authorized by section 612(a)(18)(B), or seek to recover funds under section 452 of the General Education Provisions Act (20 U.S.C. 1234a): Provided further, That the funds reserved under 611(c) of the IDEA may be used to provide technical assistance to States to improve the capacity of the States to meet the data collection requirements of sections 616 and 618 and to administer and carry out other services and activities to improve data collection, coordination, quality, and use under parts B and C of the IDEA: Provided further, That the Secretary may use funds made available for the State Personnel Development Grants program under part D, subpart 1 of IDEA to evaluate program performance under such subpart. REHABILITATION SERVICES  For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 and the Helen Keller National Center Act, $3,657,189,000, of which $3,521,990,000 shall be for grants for vocational rehabilitation services under title I of the Rehabilitation Act: Provided, That the Secretary may use amounts provided in this Act that remain available subsequent to the reallotment of funds to States pursuant to section 110(b) of the Rehabilitation Act for innovative activities aimed at improving the outcomes of individuals with disabilities as defined in section 7(20)(B) of the Rehabilitation Act, including activities aimed at improving the education and postschool outcomes of children receiving Supplemental Security Income (‘‘SSI’’) and their families that may result in longterm improvement in the SSI child recipient’s economic status and selfsufficiency: Provided further, That States may award subgrants for a portion of the funds to other public and private, nonprofit entities: Provided further, That any funds made available subsequent to reallotment for innovative activities aimed at improving the outcomes of individuals with disabilities shall remain available until September 30, 2020. SPECIAL INSTITUTIONS FOR PERSONS WITH DISABILITIES  
AMERICAN PRINTING HOUSE FOR THE BLIND  For carrying out the Act to promote the Education of the Blind of March 3, 1879, $30,431,000. 
NATIONAL TECHNICAL INSTITUTE FOR THE DEAF  For the National Technical Institute for the Deaf under titles I and II of the Education of the Deaf Act of 1986, $77,500,000: Provided, That from the total amount available, the Institute may at its discretion use funds for the endowment program as authorized under section 207 of such Act. 
GALLAUDET UNIVERSITY  For the Kendall Demonstration Elementary School, the Model Secondary School for the Deaf, and the partial support of Gallaudet University under titles I and II of the Education of the Deaf Act of 1986, $134,361,000: Provided, That from the total amount available, the University may at its discretion use funds for the endowment program as authorized under section 207 of such Act. CAREER , TECHNICAL , ANDADULT EDUCATION  For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006 and the Adult Education and Family Literacy Act (‘‘AEFLA’’), $1,925,686,000, of which $1,134,686,000 shall become available on July 1, 2019, and shall remain available through September 30, 2020, and of which $791,000,000 shall become available on October 1, 2019, and shall remain available through September 30, 2020: Provided, That of the amounts made available for AEFLA, $13,712,000 shall be for national leadership activities under section 242. STUDENT FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE  For carrying out subparts 1, 3, and 10 of part A, and part C of title IV of the HEA, $24,445,352,000, which shall remain available through September 30, 2020. The maximum Pell Grant for which a student shall be eligible during award year 2019–2020 shall be $5,135. STUDENT AIDADMINISTRATION  For Federal administrative expenses to carry out part D of title I, and subparts 1, 3, 9, and 10 of part A, and parts B, C, D, and E of title IV of the HEA, and subpart 1 of part A of title VII of the Public Health Service Act, $1,678,943,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020: Provided, That the Secretary shall allocate new student loan borrower accounts to eligible student loan servicers on the basis of their performance compared to all loan servicers utilizing established common metrics, and on the basis of the capacity of each servicer to process new and existing accounts: Provided further, That for student loan contracts awarded prior to October 1, 2017, the Secretary shall allow student loan borrowers who are consolidating Federal student loans to select from any student loan servicer to service their new consolidated student loan: Provided further, That in order to promote accountability and high quality service to borrowers, the Secretary shall not award funding for any contract solicitation for a new Federal student loan servicing environment, including the solicitation for the FSA Next Generation Processing and Servicing Environment as amended by the Department of Education on February 20, 2018, unless such an environment provides for the participation of multiple student loan servicers that contract directly with the Department of Education to manage a unique portfolio of borrower accounts and the full lifecycle of loans from disbursement to payoff with certain limited exceptions, and allocates student loan borrower accounts to eligible student loan servicers based on performance: Provided further, That such servicers described in the previous proviso shall be evaluated based on their ability to meet contract requirements, future performance on the contracts, and history of compliance with applicable consumer protections laws: Provided further, That to the extent Federal Student Aid (FSA) permits student loan servicing subcontracting, FSA shall hold prime contractors accountable for meeting the requirements of the contract, and the performance and expectations of subcontractors shall be accounted for in the prime contract and in the overall performance of the prime contractor: Provided further, That FSA shall ensure that the Next Generation Processing and Servicing Environment contracts incentivize more support to borrowers at risk of being distressed: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide quarterly briefings to the Committees on Appropriations and Education and the Workforce of the House of Representatives and the Committees on Appropriations and Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate on general progress related to solicitations for Federal student loan servicing contracts. HIGHER EDUCATION  For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, titles II, III, IV, V, VI, and VII of the HEA, the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961, and section 117 of the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act of 2006, $2,312,356,000: Provided, That notwithstanding any other provision of law, funds made available in this Act to carry out title VI of the HEA and section 102(b)(6) of the Mutual Educational and Cultural Exchange Act of 1961 may be used to support visits and study in foreign countries by individuals who are participating in advanced foreign language training and international studies in areas that are vital to United States national security and who plan 
to apply their language skills and knowledge of these countries in the fields of government, the professions, or international development: Provided further, That of the funds referred to in the preceding proviso up to 1 percent may be used for program evaluation, national outreach, and information dissemination activities: Provided further, That up to 1.5 percent of the funds made available under chapter 2 of subpart 2 of part A of title IV of the HEA may be used for evaluation. HOWARD UNIVERSITY  For partial support of Howard University, $236,518,000, of which not less than $3,405,000 shall be for a matching endowment grant pursuant to the Howard University Endowment Act and shall remain available until expended. COLLEGE HOUSING AND ACADEMIC FACILITIES  LOANS PROGRAM  For Federal administrative expenses to carry out activities related to existing facility loans pursuant to section 121 of the HEA, $435,000. HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGE AND UNIVERSITY  CAPITAL FINANCING PROGRAM ACCOUNT  For the cost of guaranteed loans, $20,150,000, as authorized pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, which shall remain available through September 30, 2020: Provided, That such costs, including the cost of modifying such loans, shall be as defined in section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974: Provided further, That these funds are available to subsidize total loan principal, any part of which is to be guaranteed, not to exceed $580,000,000: Provided further, That these funds may be used to support loans to public and private Historically Black Colleges and Universities without regard to the limitations within section 344(a) of the HEA. In addition, $20,000,000 shall be made available to provide for the deferment of loans made under part D of title III of the HEA to eligible institutions that are private Historically Black Colleges and Universities, which apply for the deferment of such a loan and demonstrate financial need for such deferment by having a score of 2.6 or less on the Department of Education’s financial responsibility test: Provided, That during the period of deferment of such a loan, interest on the loan will not accrue or be capitalized, and the period of deferment shall be for at least a period of 3fiscal years and not more than 6fiscal years: Provided further, That funds available under this paragraph shall be used to fund eligible deferment requests submitted for this purpose in fiscal year 2018: Provided further, That the Secretary shall create and execute an outreach plan to work with States and the Capital Financing Advisory Board to improve outreach to States and help additional public Historically Black Colleges and Universities participate in the program. In addition, for administrative expenses to carry out the Historically Black College and University Capital Financing Program entered into pursuant to part D of title III of the HEA, $334,000. INSTITUTE OF EDUCATION SCIENCES  For carrying out activities authorized by the Education Sciences Reform Act of 2002, the National Assessment of Educational Progress Authorization Act, section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act of 2002, and section 664 of the Individuals with Disabilities Education Act, $615,462,000, which shall remain available through September 30, 2020: Provided, That funds available to carry out section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act may be used to link Statewide elementary and secondary data systems with early childhood, postsecondary, and workforce data systems, or to further develop such systems: Provided further, That up to $6,000,000 of the funds available to carry out section 208 of the Educational Technical Assistance Act may be used for awards to public or private organizations or agencies to support activities to improve data coordination, quality, and use at the local, State, and national levels. DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  
PROGRAM ADMINISTRATION  For carrying out, to the extent not otherwise provided, the Department of Education Organization Act, including rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia and hire of three passenger motor vehicles, $430,000,000: Provided, That, notwithstanding any other provision of law, none of the funds provided by this Act or provided by previous Appropriations Acts to the Department of Education available for obligation or expenditure in the current fiscal year may be used for any activity relating to implementing a reorganization that decentralizes, reduces the staffing level, or alters the responsibilities, structure, authority, or functionality of the Budget Service of the Department of Education, relative to the organization and operation of the Budget Service as in effect on January 1, 2018. 
OFFICE FOR CIVIL RIGHTS  For expenses necessary for the Office for Civil Rights, as authorized by section 203 of the Department of Education Organization Act, $125,000,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General, as authorized by section 212 of the Department of Education Organization Act, $61,143,000. GENERAL PROVISIONS  SEC. 301. No funds appropriated in this Act may be used to prevent the implementation of programs of voluntary prayer and meditation in the public schools. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 302. Not to exceed 1 percent of any discretionary funds (pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985) which are appropriated for the Department of Education in this Act may be transferred between appropriations, but no such appropriation shall be increased by more than 3 percent by any such transfer: Provided, That the transfer authority granted by this section shall not be used to create any new program or to fund any project or activity for which no funds are provided in this Act: Provided further, That the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are notified at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. SEC. 303. Section 105(f)(1)(B)(ix) of the Compact of Free Association Amendments Act of 2003 (48 U.S.C. 1921d(f)(1)(B)(ix)) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘2019’’ for ‘‘2009’’. SEC. 304. Funds appropriated in this Act and consolidated for evaluation purposes under section 8601(c) of the ESEA shall be available from July 1, 2019, through September 30, 2020. SEC. 305. (a) An institution of higher education that maintains an endowment fund supported with funds appropriated for title III or V of the HEA for fiscal year 2019 may use the income from that fund to award scholarships to students, subject to the limitation in section 331(c)(3)(B)(i) of the HEA. The use of such income for such purposes, prior to the enactment of this Act, shall be considered to have been an allowable use of that income, subject to that limitation. (b) Subsection (a) shall be in effect until titles III and V of the HEA are reauthorized. SEC. 306. Section 114(f) of the HEA (20 U.S.C. 1011c(f)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. SEC. 307. Section 458(a) of the HEA (20 U.S.C. 1087h(a)) is amended in paragraph (4) by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’. SEC. 308. Funds appropriated in this Act under the heading ‘‘Student Aid Administration’’ may be available for payments for student loan servicing to an institution of higher education that services outstanding Federal Perkins Loans under part E of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087aa et seq.). SEC. 309. (a) Section 455(f) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(f)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (4) and (5), respectively; and (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) DEFERMENT FOR BORROWERS RECEIVING  
CANCER TREATMENT .— ‘‘(A) EFFECT ON PRINCIPAL AND INTEREST .—A borrower of a loan made under this part who meets the requirements of subparagraph (B) shall be eligible for a deferment, during which periodic installments of principal need not be paid, and interest shall not accrue. ‘‘(B) ELIGIBILITY .—A borrower of a loan made under this part shall be eligible for a deferment during— ‘‘(i) any period in which such borrower is receiving treatment for cancer; and ‘‘(ii) the 6 months after such period. ‘‘(C) APPLICABILITY .—This paragraph shall apply with respect to loans— ‘‘(i) made on or after the date of the enactment of this paragraph; or ‘‘(ii) in repayment on the date of the enactment of this paragraph.’’. (b) Section 427(a)(2)(C) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1077(a)(2)(C)) is amended— (1) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in clause (iii), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; and (3) by inserting after clause (iii) the following: ‘‘(iv) in which the borrower is receiving treatment for cancer and the 6 months after such period.’’. (c) Section 428(b)(1)(M) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078(b)(1)(M)) is amended— (1) in clause (iii), by striking ‘‘or (II); or’’ and inserting a ‘‘or (II);’’; (2) in clause (iv), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) during which the borrower is receiving treatment for cancer and the 6 months after such period;’’. (d) Section 464(c)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087dd(c)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (iv), by striking ‘‘; or’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) in clause (v), by inserting ‘‘or’’ after the semicolon; and (C) by inserting after clause (v) the following: ‘‘(vi) during which the borrower is receiving treatment for cancer and the 6 months after such period;’’. (e) Section 428H(e)(2) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1078–8(e)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Interest’’ and inserting, ‘‘Except as provided in subparagraph (C), interest’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) Interest shall not accrue on a loan deferred under section 428(b)(1)(M)(v) or 427(a)(2)(C)(iv).’’. (f) The amendments made by this Act shall apply with respect to loans— (1) made on or after the date of the enactment of this Act; or (2) in repayment on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(RESCISSION)  SEC. 310. Of the unobligated balances available under the heading ‘‘Student Financial Assistance’’ for carrying out subpart 1 of part A of title IV of the HEA, $600,000,000 are hereby rescinded. 
(RESCISSION)  SEC. 311. Section 401(b)(7)(A)(iv)(IX) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1070a(b)(7)(A)(iv)(IX)) is amended by striking ‘‘$1,409,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,370,000,000’’. 
SEC. 312. (a) An institution of higher education may, with explicit written consent of an applicant who has completed a FAFSA under such section 483(a), provide such information collected from the applicant’s FAFSA as is necessary to a scholarship granting organization, including a tribal organization (defined in section 4 of the Indian SelfDetermination and Education Assistance Act (25 U.S.C. 5304)), or to an organization assisting the applicant in applying for and receiving Federal, State, local, or tribal assistance, that is designated by the applicant to assist the applicant in applying for and receiving financial assistance for any component of the applicant’s cost of attendance (defined in section 472 of the HEA) at that institution. (b) An organization that receives information pursuant to subsection (a) shall not sell or otherwise share such information. (c) This section shall be in effect until title IV of the HEA is reauthorized. SEC. 313. For an additional amount for ‘‘Department of Education—Federal Direct Student Loan Program Account’’, $350,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be for the cost, as defined under section 502 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, of the Secretary of Education providing loan cancellation in the same manner as under section 455(m) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1087e(m)), for borrowers of loans made under part D of title IV of such Act who would qualify for loan cancellation under section 455(m) except some, or all, of the 120 required payments under section 455(m)(1)(A) do not qualify for purposes of the program because they were monthly payments made in accordance with graduated or extended repayment plans as described under subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 455(d)(1) or the corresponding repayment plan for a consolidation loan made under section 455(g) and that were less than the amount calculated under section 455(d)(1)(A), based on a 10year repayment period: Provided, That the monthly payment made 12 months before the borrower applied for loan cancellation as described in the matter preceding this proviso and the most recent monthly payment made by the borrower at the time of such application were each not less than the monthly amount that would be calculated under, and for which the borrower would otherwise qualify for, clause (i) or (iv) of section 455(m)(1)(A) regarding income based or incomecontingent repayment plans, with exception for a borrower who would have otherwise been eligible under this section but demonstrates an unusual fluctuation of income over the past 5 years: Provided further, That the total loan volume, including outstanding principal, fees, capitalized interest, or accrued interest, at application that is eligible for such loan cancellation by such borrowers shall not exceed $500,000,000: Provided further, That the Secretary shall develop and make available a simple method for borrowers to apply for loan cancellation under this section within 60 days of enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall provide loan cancellation under this section to eligible borrowers on a firstcome, firstserve basis, based on the date of application and subject to both the limitation on total loan volume at application for such loan cancellation specified in the second proviso and the availability of appropriations under this section: Provided further, That no borrower may, for the same service, receive a reduction of loan obligations under both this section and section 428J, 428K, 428L, or 460 of such Act. SEC. 314. Of the amounts made available under this title under the heading ‘‘Student Aid Administration’’, $2,300,000 shall be used by the Secretary of Education to conduct outreach to borrowers of loans made under part D of title IV of the Higher Education Act of 1965 who may intend to qualify for loan cancellation under section 455(m) of such Act (20 U.S.C. 1087e(m)), to ensure that borrowers are meeting the terms and conditions of such loan cancellation: Provided, That the Secretary shall specifically conduct outreach to assist borrowers who would qualify for loan cancellation under section 455(m) of such Act except that the borrower has made some, or all, of the 120 required payments under a repayment plan that is not described under section 455(m)(A) of such Act, to encourage borrowers to enroll in a qualifying repayment plan: Provided further, That the Secretary shall also communicate to all Direct Loan borrowers the full requirements of section 455(m) of such Act and improve the filing of employment certification by providing improved outreach and information such as outbound calls, electronic communications, ensuring prominent access to program requirements and benefits on each servicer’s website, and creating an option for all borrowers to complete the entire payment certification process electronically and on a centralized website. SEC. 315. (a) For any local educational agency that for fiscal year 2018, had an enrollment of eligible Federally connected children that was at least 35 percent of the agency’s total student enrollment and a perpupil expenditure that was less than the average perpupil expenditure of the State or of all the States, and was determined ineligible to receive a payment under section 7003(b)(2)(A) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 for failing to meet the average tax rate requirement for general fund purposes in section 7003(b)(2)(B)(i)(V)(bb), and whose calculated payment amount under section 7003(b) for the three years following fiscal year 2019 is less than 80 percent of the amount received for fiscal year 2019, the Secretary shall pay the local educational agency for the following three years not less than 90 percent of the total amount the local educational agency received under section 7003(b)(2) for fiscal year 2017 if such local educational agency— (1) previously received a payment under section 7003(b)(2)(A) but did not receive a payment under section 7003(b)(2)(B)(ii) (or any predecessor of such provision) for each of fiscal years 2015 through 2017; and (2) was considered a local educational agency described in section 7003(b)(2)(B)(i)(V) (or any predecessor of such provision) for each such fiscal year. (b) For fiscal year 2020 and succeeding fiscal years, if a local educational agency described in subsection (a) is eligible to receive a basic support payment pursuant to section 7003(b)(2) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7703(b)(2)), the payment received by the local educational agency shall be calculated under section 7003(b)(2) of such Act and not under subsection (a). This title may be cited as the ‘‘Department of Education Appropriations Act, 2019’’. TITLE IV RELATED AGENCIES COMMITTEE FOR PURCHASE FROMPEOPLE WHO AREBLIND OR SEVERELY DISABLED  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Committee for Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled (referred to in this title as ‘‘the Committee’’) established under section 8502 of title 41, United States Code, $8,250,000: Provided, That in order to authorize any central nonprofit agency designated pursuant to section 8503(c) of title 41, United States Code, to perform requirements of the Committee as prescribed under section 51–3.2 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, the Committee shall enter into a written agreement with any such central nonprofit agency: Provided further, That such agreement shall contain such auditing, oversight, and reporting provisions as necessary to implement chapter 85 of title 41, United States Code: Provided further, That such agreement shall include the elements listed under the heading ‘‘Committee For Purchase From People Who Are Blind or Severely Disabled—Written Agreement Elements’’ in the explanatory statement described in section 4 of Public Law 114–113 (in the matter preceding division A of that consolidated Act): Provided further, That any such central nonprofit agency may not charge a fee under section 51–3.5 of title 41, Code of Federal Regulations, prior to executing a written agreement with the Committee: Provided further, That no less than $1,250,000 shall be available for the Office of Inspector General. CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY  SERVICE  
OPERATING EXPENSES  For necessary expenses for the Corporation for National and Community Service (referred to in this title as ‘‘CNCS’’) to carry out the Domestic Volunteer Service Act of 1973 (referred to in this title as ‘‘1973 Act’’) and the National and Community Service Act of 1990 (referred to in this title as ‘‘1990 Act’’), $786,629,000, notwithstanding sections 198B(b)(3), 198S(g), 501(a)(4)(C), and 501(a)(4)(F) of the 1990 Act: Provided, That of the amounts provided under this heading: (1) up to 1 percent of program grant funds may be used to defray the costs of conducting grant application reviews, including the use of outside peer reviewers and electronic management of the grants cycle; (2) $17,538,000 shall be available to provide assistance to State commissions on national and community service, under section 126(a) of the 1990 Act and notwithstanding section 501(a)(5)(B) of the 1990 Act; (3) $32,000,000 shall be available to carry out subtitle E of the 1990 Act; and (4) $5,400,000 shall be available for expenses authorized under section 501(a)(4)(F) of the 1990 Act, which, notwithstanding the provisions of section 198P shall be awarded by CNCS on a competitive basis: Provided further, That for the purposes of carrying out the 1990 Act, satisfying the requirements in section 122(c)(1)(D) may include a determination of need by the local community. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For payment to the National Service Trust established under subtitle D of title I of the 1990 Act, $206,842,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That CNCS may transfer additional funds from the amount provided within ‘‘Operating Expenses’’ allocated to grants under subtitle C of title I of the 1990 Act to the National Service Trust upon determination that such transfer is necessary to support the activities of national service participants and after notice is transmitted to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That amounts appropriated for or transferred to the National Service Trust may be invested under section 145(b) of the 1990 Act without regard to the requirement to apportion funds under 31 U.S.C. 1513(b). 
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For necessary expenses of administration as provided under section 501(a)(5) of the 1990 Act and under section 504(a) of the 1973 Act, including payment of salaries, authorized travel, hire of passenger motor vehicles, the rental of conference rooms in the District of Columbia, the employment of experts and consultants authorized under 5 U.S.C. 3109, and not to exceed $2,500 for official reception and representation expenses, $83,737,000. 
OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  For necessary expenses of the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the Inspector General Act of 1978, $5,750,000. 
ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  SEC. 401. CNCS shall make any significant changes to program requirements, service delivery or policy only through public notice and comment rulemaking. For fiscal year 2019, during any grant selection process, an officer or 
employee of CNCS shall not knowingly disclose any covered grant selection information regarding such selection, directly or indirectly, to any person other than an officer or employee of CNCS that is authorized by CNCS to receive such information. SEC. 402. AmeriCorps programs receiving grants under the National Service Trust program shall meet an overall minimum share requirement of 24 percent for the first 3 years that they receive AmeriCorps funding, and thereafter shall meet the overall minimum share requirement as provided in section 2521.60 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations, without regard to the operating costs match requirement in section 121(e) or the member support Federal share limitations in section 140 of the 1990 Act, and subject to partial waiver consistent with section 2521.70 of title 45, Code of Federal Regulations. SEC. 403. Donations made to CNCS under section 196 of the 1990 Act for the purposes of financing programs and operations under titles I and II of the 1973 Act or subtitle B, C, D, or E of title I of the 1990 Act shall be used to supplement and not supplant current programs and operations. SEC. 404. In addition to the requirements in section 146(a) of the 1990 Act, use of an educational award for the purpose described in section 148(a)(4) shall be limited to individuals who are veterans as defined under section 101 of the Act. SEC. 405. For the purpose of carrying out section 189D of the 1990 Act— (1) entities described in paragraph (a) of such section shall be considered ‘‘qualified entities’’ under section 3 of the National Child Protection Act of 1993 (‘‘NCPA’’); (2) individuals described in such section shall be considered ‘‘volunteers’’ under section 3 of NCPA; and (3) State Commissions on National and Community Service established pursuant to section 178 of the 1990 Act, are authorized to receive criminal history record information, consistent with Public Law 92–544. SEC. 406. Notwithstanding sections 139(b), 146 and 147 of the 1990 Act, an individual who successfully completes a term of service of not less than 1,200 hours during a period of not more than one year may receive a national service education award having a value of 70 percent of the value of a national service education award determined under section 147(a) of the Act. CORPORATION FOR PUBLIC BROADCASTING  For payment to the Corporation for Public Broadcasting (‘‘CPB’’), as authorized by the Communications Act of 1934, an amount which shall be available within limitations specified by that Act, for the fiscal year 2021, $445,000,000: Provided, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to pay for receptions, parties, or similar forms of entertainment for Government officials or employees: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be available or used to aid or support any program or activity from which any person is excluded, or is denied benefits, or is discriminated against, on the basis of race, color, national origin, religion, or sex: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to apply any political test or qualification in selecting, appointing, promoting, or taking any other personnel action with respect to officers, agents, and employees of CPB: Provided further, That none of the funds made available to CPB by this Act shall be used to support the Television Future Fund or any similar purpose. In addition, for the costs associated with replacing and upgrading the public broadcasting interconnection system and other technologies and services that create infrastructure and efficiencies within the public media system, $20,000,000. FEDERAL MEDIATION AND CONCILIATION SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service (‘‘Service’’) to carry out the functions vested in it by the LaborManagement Relations Act, 1947, including hire of passenger motor vehicles; for expenses necessary for the LaborManagement Cooperation Act of 1978; and for expenses necessary for the Service to carry out the functions vested in it by the Civil Service Reform Act, $46,650,000, including up to $900,000 to remain available through September 30, 2020, for activities authorized by the LaborManagement Cooperation Act of 1978: Provided, That notwithstanding 31 U.S.C. 3302, fees charged, up to full cost recovery, for special training activities and other conflict resolution services and technical assistance, including those provided to foreign governments and international organizations, and for arbitration services shall be credited to and merged with this account, and shall remain available until expended: Provided further, That fees for arbitration services shall be available only for education, training, and professional development of the agency workforce: Provided further, That the Director of the Service is authorized to accept and use on behalf of the United States gifts of services and real, personal, or other property in the aid of any projects or functions within the Director’s jurisdiction. FEDERAL MINESAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW  COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Federal Mine Safety and Health Review Commission, $17,184,000. INSTITUTE OF MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES  
GRANTS AND ADMINISTRATION  For carrying out the Museum and Library Services Act of 1996 and the National Museum of African American History and Culture Act, $242,000,000. MEDICAID AND CHIP P AYMENT AND ACCESS  COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary to carry out section 1900 of the Social Security Act, $8,480,000. MEDICARE PAYMENT ADVISORY COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary to carry out section 1805 of the Social Security Act, $12,545,000, to be transferred to this appropriation from the Federal Hospital Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Supplementary Medical Insurance Trust Fund. NATIONAL COUNCIL ON DISABILITY  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the National Council on Disability as authorized by title IV of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973, $3,250,000. NATIONAL LABOR RELATIONS BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the National Labor Relations Board to carry out the functions vested in it by the LaborManagement Relations Act, 1947, and other laws, $274,224,000: Provided, That no part of this appropriation shall be available to organize or assist in organizing agricultural laborers or used in connection with investigations, hearings, directives, or orders concerning bargaining units composed of agricultural laborers as referred to in section 2(3) of the Act of July 5, 1935, and as amended by the LaborManagement Relations Act, 1947, and as defined in section 3(f) of the Act of June 25, 1938, and including in said definition employees engaged in the maintenance and operation of ditches, canals, reservoirs, and waterways when maintained or operated on a mutual, nonprofit basis and at least 95 percent of the water stored or supplied thereby is used for farming purposes. ADMINISTRATIVE PROVISIONS  SEC. 407. None of the funds provided by this Act or previous Acts making appropriations for the National Labor Relations Board may be used to issue any new administrative directive or regulation that would provide employees any means of voting through any electronic means in an election to determine a representative for the purposes of collective bargaining. NATIONAL MEDIATION BOARD  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary to carry out the provisions of the Railway Labor Act, including emergency boards appointed by the President, $13,800,000. OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW  COMMISSION  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For expenses necessary for the Occupational Safety and Health Review Commission, $13,225,000. RAILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD  
DUAL BENEFITS PAYMENTS ACCOUNT  For payment to the Dual Benefits Payments Account, authorized under section 15(d) of the Railroad Retirement Act of 1974, $19,000,000, which shall include amounts becoming available in fiscal year 2019 pursuant to section 224(c)(1)(B) of Public Law 98–76; and in addition, an amount, not to exceed 2 percent of the amount provided herein, shall be available proportional to the amount by which the product of recipients and the average benefit received exceeds the amount available for payment of vested dual benefits: Provided, That the total amount provided herein shall be credited in 12 approximately equal amounts on the first day of each month in the fiscal year. 
RETIREMENT ACCOUNTS  For payment to the accounts established in the Treasury for the payment of benefits under the Railroad Retirement Act for interest earned on unnegotiated checks, $150,000, to remain available through September 30, 2020, which shall be the maximum amount available for payment pursuant to section 417 of Public Law 98– 76. 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATION  For necessary expenses for the Railroad Retirement Board (‘‘Board’’) for administration of the Railroad Retirement Act and the Railroad Unemployment Insurance Act, $123,500,000, to be derived in such amounts as determined by the Board from the railroad retirement accounts and from moneys credited to the railroad unemployment insurance administration fund: Provided, That notwithstanding section 7(b)(9) of the Railroad Retirement Act this limitation may be used to hire attorneys only through the excepted service: Provided further, That the previous proviso shall not change the status under Federal employment laws of any attorney hired by the Railroad Retirement Board prior to January 1, 2013: Provided further, That $10,000,000, to remain available until expended, shall be used to supplement, not supplant, existing resources devoted to operations and improvements for the Board’s Information Technology Investment Initiatives. 
GENERAL  For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General for audit, investigatory and review activities, as authorized by the Inspector General Act of 1978, not more than $11,000,000, to be derived from the railroad retirement accounts and railroad unemployment insurance account. SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION  
PAYMENTS TO SOCIAL SECURITY TRUST FUNDS  For payment to the Federal OldAge and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal 
Disability Insurance Trust Fund, as provided under sections 201(m) and 1131(b)(2) of the Social Security Act, $11,000,000. 
SUPPLEMENTAL SECURITY INCOME PROGRAM  For carrying out titles XI and XVI of the Social Security Act, section 401 of Public Law 92– 603, section 212 of Public Law 93–66, as amended, and section 405 of Public Law 95–216, including payment to the Social Security trust funds for administrative expenses incurred pursuant to section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act, $41,366,203,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That any portion of the funds provided to a State in the current fiscal year and not obligated by the State during that year shall be returned to the Treasury: Provided further, That not more than $101,000,000 shall be available for research and demonstrations under sections 1110, 1115, and 1144 of the Social Security Act, and remain available through September 30, 2021. For making, after June 15 of the current fiscal year, benefit payments to individuals under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for unanticipated costs incurred for the current fiscal year, such sums as may be necessary. For making benefit payments under title XVI of the Social Security Act for the first quarter of fiscal year 2020, $19,700,000,000, to remain available until expended. 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  For necessary expenses, including the hire of two passenger motor vehicles, and not to exceed $20,000 for official reception and representation expenses, not more than $12,741,945,000 may be expended, as authorized by section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act, from any one or all of the trust funds referred to in such section: Provided, That not less than $2,400,000 shall be for the Social Security Advisory Board: Provided further, That $45,000,000 shall remain available until expended for information technology modernization, including related hardware and software infrastructure and equipment, and for administrative expenses directly associated with information technology modernization: Provided further, That $100,000,000 shall remain available through September 30, 2020, for activities to address the disability hearings backlog within the Office of Hearings Operations: Provided further, That unobligated balances of funds provided under this paragraph at the end of fiscal year 2019 not needed for fiscal year 2019 shall remain available until expended to invest in the Social Security Administration information technology and telecommunications hardware and software infrastructure, including related equipment and nonpayroll administrative expenses associated solely with this information technology and telecommunications infrastructure: Provided further, That the Commissioner of Social Security shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to making unobligated balances available under the authority in the previous proviso: Provided further, That reimbursement to the trust funds under this heading for expenditures for official time for employees of the Social Security Administration pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 7131, and for facilities or support services for labor organizations pursuant to policies, regulations, or procedures referred to in section 7135(b) of such title shall be made by the Secretary of the Treasury, with interest, from amounts in the general fund not otherwise appropriated, as soon as possible after such expenditures are made. Of the total amount made available in the first paragraph under this heading, not more than $1,683,000,000, to remain available through March 31, 2020, is for the costs associated with continuing disability reviews under titles II and XVI of the Social Security Act, including work related continuing disability reviews to determine whether earnings derived from services demonstrate an individual’s ability to engage in substantial gainful activity, for the cost associated with conducting redeterminations of eligibility under title XVI of the Social Security Act, for the cost of cooperative disability investigation units, and for the cost associated with the prosecution of fraud in the programs and operations of the Social Security Administration by Special Assistant United States Attorneys: Provided, That, of such amount, $273,000,000 is provided to meet the terms of section 251(b)(2)(B)(ii)(III) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, as amended, and $1,410,000,000 is additional new budget authority specified for purposes of section 251(b)(2)(B) of such Act: Provided further, That, of the additional new budget authority described in the preceding proviso, up to $10,000,000 may be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’, Social Security Administration, for the cost of jointly operated cooperative disability investigation units: Provided further, That such transfer authority is in addition to any other transfer authority provided by law: Provided further, That the Commissioner shall provide to the Congress (at the conclusion of the fiscal year) a report on the obligation and expenditure of these funds, similar to the reports that were required by section 103(d)(2) of Public Law 104–121 for fiscal years 1996 through 2002. In addition, $134,000,000 to be derived from administration fees in excess of $5.00 per supplementary payment collected pursuant to section 1616(d) of the Social Security Act or section 212(b)(3) of Public Law 93–66, which shall remain available until expended. To the extent that the amounts collected pursuant to such sections in fiscal year 2019 exceed $134,000,000, the amounts shall be available in fiscal year 2020 only to the extent provided in advance in appropriations Acts. In addition, up to $1,000,000 to be derived from fees collected pursuant to section 303(c) of the Social Security Protection Act, which shall remain available until expended. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For expenses necessary for the Office of Inspector General in carrying out the provisions of the Inspector General Act of 1978, $30,000,000, together with not to exceed $75,500,000, to be transferred and expended as authorized by section 201(g)(1) of the Social Security Act from the Federal OldAge and Survivors Insurance Trust Fund and the Federal Disability Insurance Trust Fund. In addition, an amount not to exceed 3 percent of the total provided in this appropriation may be transferred from the ‘‘Limitation on Administrative Expenses’’, Social Security Administration, to be merged with this account, to be available for the time and purposes for which this account is available: Provided, That notice of such transfers shall be transmitted promptly to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate at least 15 days in advance of any transfer. TITLE V GENERAL PROVISIONS 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  SEC. 501. The Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education are authorized to transfer unexpended balances of prior appropriations to accounts corresponding to current appropriations provided in this Act. Such transferred balances shall be used for the same purpose, and for the same periods of time, for which they were originally appropriated. SEC. 502. No part of any appropriation contained in this Act shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 503. (a) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used, other than for normal and recognized executive legislative relationships, for publicity or propaganda purposes, for the preparation, distribution, or use of any kit, pamphlet, booklet, publication, electronic communication, radio, television, or video presentation designed to support or defeat the enactment of legislation before the Congress or any State or local legislature or legislative body, except in presentation to the Congress or any State or local legislature itself, or designed to support or defeat any proposed or pending regulation, administrative action, or order issued by the executive branch of any State or local government, except in presentation to the executive branch of any State or local government itself. (b) No part of any appropriation contained in this Act or transferred pursuant to section 4002 of Public Law 111–148 shall be used to pay the salary or expenses of any grant or contract recipient, or agent acting for such recipient, related to any activity designed to influence the enactment of legislation, appropriations, regulation, administrative action, or Executive order proposed or pending before the Congress or any State government, State legislature or local legislature or legislative body, other than for normal and recognized executivelegislative relationships or participation by an agency or officer of a State, local or tribal government in policymaking and administrative processes within the executive branch of that government. (c) The prohibitions in subsections (a) and (b) shall include any activity to advocate or promote any proposed, pending or future Federal, State or local tax increase, or any proposed, pending, or future requirement or restriction on any legal consumer product, including its sale or marketing, including but not limited to the advocacy or promotion of gun control. SEC. 504. The Secretaries of Labor and Education are authorized to make available not to exceed $28,000 and $20,000, respectively, from funds available for salaries and expenses under titles I and III, respectively, for official reception and representation expenses; the Director of the Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $5,000 from the funds available for ‘‘Federal Mediation and Conciliation Service, Salaries and Expenses’’; and the Chairman of the National Mediation Board is authorized to make available for official reception and representation expenses not to exceed $5,000 from funds available for ‘‘National Mediation Board, Salaries and Expenses’’. SEC. 505. When issuing statements, press releases, requests for proposals, bid solicitations and other documents describing projects or programs funded in whole or in part with Federal money, all grantees receiving Federal funds included in this Act, including but not limited to State and local governments and recipients of Federal research grants, shall clearly state— (1) the percentage of the total costs of the program or project which will be financed with Federal money; (2) the dollar amount of Federal funds for the project or program; and (3) percentage and dollar amount of the total costs of the project or program that will be financed by nongovernmental sources. SEC. 506. (a) None of the funds appropriated in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for any abortion. (b) None of the funds appropriated in this Act, and none of the funds in any trust fund to which funds are appropriated in this Act, shall be expended for health benefits coverage that includes coverage of abortion. (c) The term ‘‘health benefits coverage’’ means the package of services covered by a managed care provider or organization pursuant to a contract or other arrangement. SEC. 507. (a) The limitations established in the preceding section shall not apply to an abortion— (1) if the pregnancy is the result of an act of rape or incest; or 
(2) in the case where a woman suffers from a physical disorder, physical injury, or physical illness, including a lifeendangering physical condition caused by or arising from the pregnancy itself, that would, as certified by a physician, place the woman in danger of death unless an abortion is performed. (b) Nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as prohibiting the expenditure by a State, locality, entity, or private person of State, local, or private funds (other than a State’s or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds). (c) Nothing in the preceding section shall be construed as restricting the ability of any managed care provider from offering abortion coverage or the ability of a State or locality to contract separately with such a provider for such coverage with State funds (other than a State’s or locality’s contribution of Medicaid matching funds). (d)(1) None of the funds made available in this Act may be made available to a Federal agency or program, or to a State or local government, if such agency, program, or government subjects any institutional or individual health care entity to discrimination on the basis that the health care entity does not provide, pay for, provide coverage of, or refer for abortions. (2) In this subsection, the term ‘‘health care entity’’ includes an individual physician or other health care professional, a hospital, a providersponsored organization, a health maintenance organization, a health insurance plan, or any other kind of health care facility, organization, or plan. SEC. 508. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for— (1) the creation of a human embryo or embryos for research purposes; or (2) research in which a human embryo or embryos are destroyed, discarded, or knowingly subjected to risk of injury or death greater than that allowed for research on fetuses in utero under 45 CFR 46.204(b) and section 498(b) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 289g(b)). (b) For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘human embryo or embryos’’ includes any organism, not protected as a human subject under 45 CFR 46 as of the date of the enactment of this Act, that is derived by fertilization, parthenogenesis, cloning, or any other means from one or more human gametes or human diploid cells. SEC. 509. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used for any activity that promotes the legalization of any drug or other substance included in schedule I of the schedules of controlled substances established under section 202 of the Controlled Substances Act except for normal and recognized executivecongressional communications. (b) The limitation in subsection (a) shall not apply when there is significant medical evidence of a therapeutic advantage to the use of such drug or other substance or that federally sponsored clinical trials are being conducted to determine therapeutic advantage. SEC. 510. None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to promulgate or adopt any final standard under section 1173(b) of the Social Security Act providing for, or providing for the assignment of, a unique health identifier for an individual (except in an individual’s capacity as an employer or a health care provider), until legislation is enacted specifically approving the standard. SEC. 511. None of the funds made available in this Act may be obligated or expended to enter into or renew a contract with an entity if— (1) such entity is otherwise a contractor with the United States and is subject to the requirement in 38 U.S.C. 4212(d) regarding submission of an annual report to the Secretary of Labor concerning employment of certain veterans; and (2) such entity has not submitted a report as required by that section for the most recent year for which such requirement was applicable to such entity. SEC. 512. None of the funds made available in this Act may be transferred to any department, agency, or instrumentality of the United States Government, except pursuant to a transfer made by, or transfer authority provided in, this Act or any other appropriation Act. SEC. 513. None of the funds made available by this Act to carry out the Library Services and Technology Act may be made available to any library covered by paragraph (1) of section 224(f) of such Act, as amended by the Children’s Internet Protection Act, unless such library has made the certifications required by paragraph (4) of such section. SEC. 514. (a) None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2019, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds that— (1) creates new programs; (2) eliminates a program, project, or activity; (3) increases funds or personnel by any means for any project or activity for which funds have been denied or restricted; (4) relocates an office or employees; (5) reorganizes or renames offices; (6) reorganizes programs or activities; or (7) contracts out or privatizes any functions or activities presently performed by Federal employees; unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such reprogramming or of an announcement of intent relating to such reprogramming, whichever occurs earlier, and are notified in writing 10 days in advance of such reprogramming. (b) None of the funds provided under this Act, or provided under previous appropriations Acts to the agencies funded by this Act that remain available for obligation or expenditure in fiscal year 2019, or provided from any accounts in the Treasury of the United States derived by the collection of fees available to the agencies funded by this Act, shall be available for obligation or expenditure through a reprogramming of funds in excess of $500,000 or 10 percent, whichever is less, that— (1) augments existing programs, projects (including construction projects), or activities; (2) reduces by 10 percent funding for any existing program, project, or activity, or numbers of personnel by 10 percent as approved by Congress; or (3) results from any general savings from a reduction in personnel which would result in a change in existing programs, activities, or projects as approved by Congress; unless the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate are consulted 15 days in advance of such reprogramming or of an announcement of intent relating to such reprogramming, whichever occurs earlier, and are notified in writing 10 days in advance of such reprogramming. SEC. 515. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to request that a candidate for appointment to a Federal scientific advisory committee disclose the political affiliation or voting history of the candidate or the position that the candidate holds with respect to political issues not directly related to and necessary for the work of the committee involved. (b) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to disseminate information that is deliberately false or misleading. SEC. 516. Within 45 days of enactment of this Act, each department and related agency funded through this Act shall submit an operating plan that details at the program, project, and activity level any funding allocations for fiscal year 2019 that are different than those specified in this Act, the accompanying detailed table in the joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act or the fiscal year 2019 budget request. SEC. 517. The Secretaries of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education shall each prepare and submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a report on the number and amount of contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements exceeding $500,000 in value and awarded by the Department on a noncompetitive basis during each quarter of fiscal year 2019, but not to include grants awarded on a formula basis or directed by law. Such report shall include the name of the contractor or grantee, the amount of funding, the governmental purpose, including a justification for issuing the award on a non competitive basis. Such report shall be transmitted to the Committees within 30 days after the end of the quarter for which the report is submitted. SEC. 518. None of the funds appropriated in this Act shall be expended or obligated by the Commissioner of Social Security, for purposes of administering Social Security benefit payments under title II of the Social Security Act, to process any claim for credit for a quarter of coverage based on work performed under a social security account number that is not the claimant’s number and the performance of such work under such number has formed the basis for a conviction of the claimant of a violation of section 208(a)(6) or (7) of the Social Security Act. SEC. 519. None of the funds appropriated by this Act may be used by the Commissioner of Social Security or the Social Security Administration to pay the compensation of employees of the Social Security Administration to administer Social Security benefit payments, under any agreement between the United States and Mexico establishing totalization arrangements between the social security system established by title II of the Social Security Act and the social security system of Mexico, which would not otherwise be payable but for such agreement. SEC. 520. (a) None of the funds made available in this Act may be used to maintain or establish a computer network unless such network blocks the viewing, downloading, and exchanging of pornography. (b) Nothing in subsection (a) shall limit the use of funds necessary for any Federal, State, tribal, or local law enforcement agency or any other entity carrying out criminal investigations, prosecution, or adjudication activities. SEC. 521. None of the funds made available under this or any other Act, or any prior Appropriations Act, may be provided to the Association of Community Organizations for Reform Now (ACORN), or any of its affiliates, subsidiaries, allied organizations, or successors. SEC. 522. For purposes of carrying out Executive Order 13589, Office of Management and Budget Memorandum M–12–12 dated May 11, 2012, and requirements contained in the annual appropriations bills relating to conference attendance and expenditures: (1) the operating divisions of HHS shall be considered independent agencies; and (2) attendance at and support for scientific conferences shall be tabulated separately from and not included in agency totals. SEC. 523. Federal agencies funded under this Act shall clearly state within the text, audio, or video used for advertising or educational purposes, including emails or Internet postings, that the communication is printed, published, or produced and disseminated at U.S. taxpayer expense. The funds used by a Federal agency to carry out this requirement shall be derived from amounts made available to the agency for advertising or other communications regarding the programs and activities of the agency. SEC. 524. (a) Federal agencies may use Federal discretionary funds that are made available in this Act to carry out up to 10 Performance Partnership Pilots. Such Pilots shall be governed by the provisions of section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, except that in carrying out 
such Pilots section 526 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘FISCAL YEAR2019’’ for ‘‘F ISCAL YEAR 2014’’ in the title of subsection (b) and by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2023’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2018’’ each place it appears: Provided, That such pilots shall include communities that have experienced civil unrest. (b) In addition, Federal agencies may use Federal discretionary funds that are made available in this Act to participate in Performance Partnership Pilots that are being carried out pursuant to the authority provided by section 526 of division H of Public Law 113–76, section 524 of division G of Public Law 113–235, section 525 of division H of Public Law 114–113, section 525 of division H of Public Law 115–31, and section 525 of division H of Public Law 115–141. (c) Pilot sites selected under authorities in this Act and prior appropriations Acts may be granted by relevant agencies up to an additional 5 years to operate under such authorities. SEC. 525. Not later than 30 days after the end of each calendar quarter, beginning with the first month of fiscal year 2019, the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services and Education and the Social Security Administration shall provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and Senate a report on the status of balances of appropriations: Provided, That for balances that are unobligated and uncommitted, committed, and obligated but unexpended, the monthly reports shall separately identify the amounts attributable to each source year of appropriation (beginning with fiscal year 2012, or, to the extent feasible, earlier fiscal years) from which balances were derived. 
(RESCISSION)  SEC. 526. Of the unobligated balances available in the ‘‘National Service Trust’’ established in section 102 of the National and Community Service Trust Act of 1993, $150,000,000 are hereby rescinded. 
(RESCISSION)  SEC. 527. Of any available amounts appropriated under section 2104(a)(22) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1397dd) that are unobligated as of September 25, 2019, $2,061,000,000 are hereby rescinded as of such date. SEC. 528. Amounts deposited in the Child Enrollment Contingency Fund prior to the beginning of fiscal year 2019 under section 2104(n)(2) of the Social Security Act and the income derived from investment of those funds pursuant to section 2104(n)(2)(C) of that Act, shall not be available for obligation in this fiscal year. SEC. 529. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, no funds appropriated in this Act shall be used to purchase sterile needles or syringes for the hypodermic injection of any illegal drug: Provided, That such limitation does not apply to the use of funds for elements of a program other than making such purchases if the relevant State or local health department, in consultation with the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, determines that the State or local jurisdiction, as applicable, is experiencing, or is at risk for, a significant increase in hepatitis infections or an HIV outbreak due to injection drug use, and such program is operating in accordance with State and local law. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION C—CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The following sums are hereby appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, and out of applicable corporate or other revenues, receipts, and funds, for the several departments, agencies, corporations, and other organizational units of Government for fiscal year 2019, and for other purposes, namely: SEC. 101. Such amounts as may be necessary, at a rate for operations as provided in the applicable appropriations Acts for fiscal year 2018 and under the authority and conditions provided in such Acts, for continuing projects or activities (including the costs of direct loans and loan guarantees) that are not otherwise specifically provided for in this Act, that were conducted in fiscal year 2018, and for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were made available in the following appropriations Acts: (1) The Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018 (division A of Public Law 115–141), except section 783. (2) The Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018 (division B of Public Law 115–141). (3) The Energy and Water Development and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018 (division D of Public Law 115–141). (4) The Financial Services and General Government Appropriations Act, 2018 (division E of Public Law 115–31). (5) The Department of Homeland Security Appropriations Act, 2018 (division F of Public Law 115–141) and title II of division M of Public Law 115–141. (6) The Department of the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018 (division G of Public Law 115–141), except section 114, except for appropriations in the matter preceding the first proviso under the heading ‘‘Dwight D. Eisenhower Memorial Commission—Capital Construction’’, and except that the language in section 118 shall be applied as if the language read as follows: ‘‘Section 6906 of title 31, United States Code, shall continue in effect for this fiscal year’’. (7) The Legislative Branch Appropriations Act, 2018 (division I of Public Law 115–141) and section 7(a) of Public Law 115–141. (8) The Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018 (division J of Public Law 115–141), except section 243. (9) The Department of State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs Appropriations Act, 2018 (division K of Public Law 115–141). (10) The Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2018 (division L of Public Law 115– 141). SEC. 102. Appropriations made by section 101 shall be available to the extent and in the manner that would be provided by the pertinent appropriations Act. SEC. 103. No appropriation or funds made available or authority granted pursuant to section 101 shall be used to initiate or resume any project or activity for which appropriations, funds, or other authority were not available during fiscal year 2018. SEC. 104. Appropriations made and authority granted pursuant to this Act shall cover all obligations or expenditures incurred for any project or activity during the period for which funds or authority for such project or activity are available under this Act. SEC. 105. Unless otherwise provided for in this Act or in the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2019, appropriations and funds made available and authority granted pursuant to this Act shall be available until whichever of the following first occurs: (1) the enactment into law of an appropriation for any project or activity provided for in this Act; (2) the enactment into law of the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2019 without any provision for such project or activity; or (3) December 7, 2018. SEC. 106. Expenditures made pursuant to this Act shall be charged to the applicable appropriation, fund, or authorization whenever a bill in which such applicable appropriation, fund, or authorization is contained is enacted into law. SEC. 107. Appropriations made and funds made available by or authority granted pursuant to this Act may be used without regard to the time limitations for submission and approval of apportionments set forth in section 1513 of title 31, United States Code, but nothing in this Act may be construed to waive any other provision of law governing the apportionment of funds. SEC. 108. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, except section 105, for those programs that would otherwise have high initial rates of operation or complete distribution of appropriations at the beginning of fiscal year 2019 because of distributions of funding to States, foreign countries, grantees, or others, such high initial rates of operation or complete distribution shall not be made, and no grants shall be awarded for such programs funded by this Act that would impinge on final funding prerogatives. SEC. 109. This Act shall be implemented so that only the most limited funding action of that permitted in the Act shall be taken in order to provide for continuation of projects and activities. SEC. 110. (a) For entitlements and other mandatory payments whose budget authority was provided in appropriations Acts for fiscal year 2018, and for activities under the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008, activities shall be continued at the rate to maintain program levels under current law, under the authority and conditions provided in the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2018, to be continued through the date specified in section 105(3). (b) Notwithstanding section 105, obligations for mandatory payments due on or about the first day of any month that begins after October 2018 but not later than 30 days after the date specified in section 105(3) may continue to be made, and funds shall be available for such payments. SEC. 111. Amounts made available under section 101 for civilian personnel compensation and benefits in each department and agency may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to avoid furloughs within such department or agency, consistent with the applicable appropriations Act for fiscal year 2018, except that such authority provided under this section shall not be used until after the department or agency has taken all necessary actions to reduce or defer nonpersonnelrelated administrative expenses. SEC. 112. Funds appropriated by this Act may be obligated and expended notwithstanding section 10 of Public Law 91–672 (22 U.S.C. 2412), section 15 of the State Department Basic Authorities Act of 1956 (22 U.S.C. 2680), section 313 of the Foreign Relations Authorization Act, Fiscal Years 1994 and 1995 (22 U.S.C. 6212), and section 504(a)(1) of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3094(a)(1)). SEC. 113. (a) Each amount incorporated by reference in this Act that was previously designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of such Act is designated by the Congress for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of such Act or as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of such Act, respectively. (b) Section 6 of Public Law 115–141 shall apply to amounts designated in subsection (a) for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism or as an emergency requirement. SEC. 114. Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Food and Nutrition Service—Child Nutrition Programs’’ to carry out section 749(g) of the Agriculture Appropriations Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–80) may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to ensure that the program can be fully operational by May, 2019. 
SEC. 115. Notwithstanding section 101, amounts are available in the ‘‘Rural Utilities Service—Rural Water and Waste Disposal Program Account’’ of the Department of Agriculture for gross obligations for the principal amount of direct loans as authorized by section 306 of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act not to exceed $4,141,176,000. SEC. 116. Amounts provided by section 110 to the Department of Agriculture for ‘‘Corporations—Commodity Credit Corporation Fund— Reimbursement for Net Realized Losses’’ may be used, prior to the completion of the report described in section 2 of the Act of August 17, 1961 (15 U.S.C. 713a–11), to reimburse the Commodity Credit Corporation for net realized losses sustained, but not previously reimbursed, as reflected in the June 2018 report of its financial condition. SEC. 117. In addition to amounts provided by section 101, amounts are provided for ‘‘Department of Agriculture—Agricultural Research Service—Salaries and Expenses’’ at a rate for operations of $42,000,000 for the operation and maintenance of the National Bio and AgroDefense Facility. SEC. 118. Any program, authority, or provision, including any pilot program, authorized under the Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 (Public Law 113–4; 127 Stat. 54) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 105(3) of this Act. SEC. 119. (a) Funds made available by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Energy—Energy Programs—Uranium Enrichment Decontamination and Decommissioning Fund’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to avoid disruption of continuing projects or activities funded in this appropriation. (b) The Secretary of Energy shall notify the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate not later than 3 days after each use of the authority provided in subsection (a). SEC. 120. Notwithstanding section 101, the matter preceding the first proviso under the heading ‘‘Department of Energy—Power Marketing Administrations—Operation and Maintenance, Southwestern Power Administration’’ in division D of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$43,488,000’’ for ‘‘$30,288,000’’; the first proviso under such heading shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$33,088,000’’ for ‘‘$18,888,000’’; and the second proviso under such heading shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$10,400,000’’ for ‘‘$11,400,000’’. SEC. 121. Notwithstanding section 101, amounts are provided to the Department of the Treasury for ‘‘Departmental Offices—Salaries and Expenses’’ at a rate for operations of $214,576,000. SEC. 122. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, except section 105, the District of Columbia may expend local funds under the heading ‘‘District of Columbia Funds’’ for such programs and activities under the District of Columbia Appropriations Act, 2018 (title IV of division E of Public Law 115–141) at the rate set forth under ‘‘Part A—Summary of Expenses’’ as included in the Fiscal Year 2019 Local Budget Act of 2018 (D.C. Act 22–397), as modified as of the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 123. Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Small Business Administration—Business Loans Program Account’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to accommodate increased demand for commitments for general business loans authorized under section 7(a) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(a)). SEC. 124. Amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Department of Homeland Security— Federal Emergency Management Agency—Disaster Relief Fund’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to carry out response and recovery activities under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.). SEC. 125. The Secretary of Homeland Security may transfer up to $15,000,000 in unexpended balances of amounts made available to the Department of Homeland Security under the heading ‘‘Science and Technology Directorate—Operations and Support’’ in division F of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141) to the Department of Agriculture for the purpose of contract support of the operations of the National Bio and Agrodefense Facility. SEC. 126. Amounts made available by section 101 for the ‘‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Operations and Support’’, ‘‘U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement—Operations and Support’’, and ‘‘United States Secret Service— Operations and Support’’ accounts of the Department of Homeland Security may be apportioned at a rate for operations necessary to maintain not less than the number of the staff achieved on September 30, 2018. SEC. 127. Amounts made available by section 101 for the Department of Homeland Security for ‘‘United States Secret Service—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to purchase base platform vehicles in support of the fully armored vehicle program. SEC. 128. Amounts made available by section 101 to the Department of Homeland Security for ‘‘Office of the Secretary and Executive Management—Operations and Support’’, ‘‘Management Directorate—Operations and Support’’, and ‘‘Intelligence, Analysis, and Operations Coordination—Operations and Support’’ may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to carry out activities previously funded by the Working Capital Fund of the Department of Homeland Security, consistent with the fiscal year 2019 President’s Budget. SEC. 129. (a) In addition to amounts provided by section 101, amounts are provided for ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services—Indian Health Service—Indian Health Services’’ at a rate for operations of $14,112,000, for an additional amount for costs of staffing and operating facilities that were opened, renovated, or expanded in fiscal year 2018, and such amounts may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to staff and operate such facilities. (b) In addition to amounts provided by section 101, amounts are provided for ‘‘Department of Health and Human Services—Indian Health Service—Indian Health Facilities’’ at a rate for operations of $1,200,000, for an additional amount for costs of staffing and operating facilities that were opened, renovated, or expanded in fiscal year 2018, and such amounts may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary to staff and operate newly constructed facilities. SEC. 130. Section 810 of the Federal Lands Recreation Enhancement Act (16 U.S.C. 6809) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘September 30, 2020’’ for ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. SEC. 131. Notwithstanding section 101, the matter preceding the first proviso and the second proviso under the heading ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency—Hazardous Waste Electronic Manifest System Fund’’ in division G of Public Law 115–141 shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$8,000,000’’ for ‘‘$3,674,000’’ each place it appears: Provided, That such amounts may be apportioned up to the rate for operations necessary and amounts made available by section 101 for ‘‘Environmental Protection Agency’’ may be transferred between appropriations under such heading as necessary to ensure that the Hazardous Waste Electronic Manifest System becomes fully operational. SEC. 132. (a) The following sections of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 105(3) of this Act— (1) subparagraphs (C) through (E) of section 4(i)(1) (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(i)(1)(C)–(E)); (2) section 4(k)(3) (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(k)(3)); (3) section 4(k)(4) (7 U.S.C. 136a1(k)(4)); and (4) section 33(c)(3)(B) (7 U.S.C. 136w– 8(c)(3)(B)). (b)(1) Section 4(i)(1)(I) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136a–1(i)(1)(I)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 105(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. (2) Notwithstanding section 33(m)(2) of the Federal Insecticide, Fungicide, and Rodenticide Act (7 U.S.C. 136w–8(m)(2)), section 33(m)(1) of such Act (7 U.S.C. 136w–8(m)(1)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 105(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. (c) Section 408(m)(3) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 346a(m)(3)) shall be applied by substituting the date specified in section 105(3) of this Act for ‘‘September 30, 2017’’. SEC. 133. Activities authorized under part A of title IV and section 1108(b) of the Social Security Act shall continue through the date specified in section 105(3) of this Act in the manner authorized for fiscal year 2018, and out of any money in the Treasury of the United States not otherwise appropriated, there are hereby appropriated such sums as may be necessary for such purpose. SEC. 134. The authority provided by section 7081(h) of division J of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2017 (Public Law 115–31) shall apply through the date specified in section 105(3). SEC. 135. Effective upon enactment of this Act, the matter under the heading ‘‘Federal Railroad Administration—Railroad Rehabilitation and Improvement Financing Program’’ in division L of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141) is amended— (1) by striking the third and fourth provisos and inserting the following provisos: ‘‘Provided further, That, not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019, the Secretary of Transportation, in consultation with the Director of the Office of Management and Budget, shall define the term ‘cohorts of loans’ for purposes of section 502(f)(4) of the Railroad Revitalization and Regulatory Reform Act of 1976 (45 U.S.C. 822(f)(4)) (as in effect on the day before the amendments made by section 11607 of Public Law 114–94 (129 Stat. 1698) took effect): Provided further, That, when all obligations attached to a cohort of loans have been satisfied, the Secretary of Transportation shall return to the original source, on a pro rata basis, the credit risk premiums paid for the loans in the cohort, with interest accrued thereon, that were not used to mitigate losses, not later than 60 days after the date of enactment of the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019 or, for a cohort of loans with obligations that have not yet been satisfied, not later than 60 days after the date on which all obligations attached to the cohort have been satisfied:’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘for a fiscal year’’ in the fifth proviso. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019’’. And the Senate agree to the same. RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN , KAYGRANGER , TOMCOLE, KENCALVERT , STEVE WOMACK , ROBERT B. A DERHOLT , HAROLD ROGERS , MARTHA ROBY, NITAM. L OWEY , PETER J. V ISCLOSKY , ROSADELAURO , LUCILLE ROYBAL ALLARD , BETTY MCCOLLUM , Managers on the Part of the House. RICHARD C. S HELBY , ROYBLUNT , LINDSEY GRAHAM , 
JERRY MORAN , PATRICK J. L EAHY , PATTY MURRAY , RICHARD J. D URBIN  (Except Senate receding on Senate section 252), Managers on the Part of the Senate. JOINT EXPLANATORY STATEMENT OF THE COMMITTEE OF CONFERENCE The managers on the part of the House and Senate at the conference on the disagreeing votes of the two Houses on the amendment of the Senate to the bill (H.R. 6157) making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, submit the following joint statement to the House and Senate in explanation of the effect of the action agreed upon by the managers and recommended in the accompanying conference report. This conference agreement includes the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019, the Departments of Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Act, 2019, and the Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019. The Senate amendment included the Senate version of the Defense Appropriations bill (S. 3159) and added the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education and Related Agencies bill (S. 3158). The House bill included the House version of the Defense Appropriations bill (H.R. 6157) only. H.R. 6157 was passed by the House on June 28, 2018 and used as the vehicle for the Senate amendment, which passed the Senate on August 23, 2018. The agreement also includes continuing appropriations for fiscal year 2019. Section 1 of the conference agreement is the short title of the bill. Section 2 of the conference agreement displays a table of contents. Section 3 of the conference agreement states that, unless expressly provided otherwise, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in any division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of that division. Section 4 provides a statement of appropriations. The conference agreement does not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined by clause 9 of rule XXI of the Rules of the House of Representatives. DIVISION A—DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 The conference agreement on the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019, incorporates some of the provisions of both the House and Senate versions of the bill. The language and allocations set forth in House Report 115–769 and Senate Report 115–290 should be complied with unless specifically addressed in the accompanying bill and statement of the managers to the contrary. 
ACTIVITY  For the purposes of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (Public Law 99–177), as amended by the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Reaffirmation Act of 1987 (Public Law 100– 119), and by the Budget Enforcement Act of 1990 (Public Law 101–508), the terms ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ for appropriations contained in this Act shall be defined as the most specific level of budget items identified in the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019, the related classified annexes and explanatory statements, and the P–1 and R–1 budget justification documents as subsequently modified by congressional action. The following exception to the above definition shall apply: the military personnel and the operation and maintenance accounts, for which the term ‘‘program, project, and activity’’ is defined as the appropriations accounts contained in the Department of Defense Appropriations Act. At the time the President submits the budget request for fiscal year 2020, the Secretary of Defense is directed to transmit to the congressional defense committees budget justification documents to be known as the ‘‘M–1’’ and the ‘‘O–1’’ which shall identify, at the budget activity, activity group, and sub activity group level, the amounts requested by the President to be appropriated to the Department of Defense for military personnel and operation and maintenance in any budget request, or amended budget request, for fiscal year 2020. REPROGRAMMING GUIDANCE  The Secretary of Defense is directed to continue to follow the reprogramming guidance for acquisition accounts as specified in the report accompanying the House version of the Department of Defense Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2008 (House Report 110– 279). The dollar threshold for reprogramming funds shall be $10,000,000 for military personnel; $15,000,000 for operation and maintenance; $20,000,000 for procurement; and $10,000,000 for research, development, test and evaluation. Also, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) is directed to continue to provide the congressional defense committees annual DD Form 1416 reports for titles I and II and quarterly, spreadsheetbased DD Form 1416 reports for Service and defense wide accounts in titles III and IV of this Act. Reports for titles III and IV shall comply with guidance specified in the explanatory statement accompanying the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2006. The Department shall continue to follow the limitation that prior approval reprogrammings are set at either the specified dollar threshold or 20 percent of the procurement or research, development, test and evaluation line, whichever is less. These thresholds are cumulative from the base for reprogramming value as modified by any adjustments. Therefore, if the combined value of transfers into or out of a military personnel (M–1), an operation and maintenance (O–1), a procurement (P–1), or a research, development, test and evaluation (R–1) line exceeds the identified threshold, the Secretary of Defense must submit a prior approval reprogramming to the congressional defense committees. In addition, guidelines on the application of prior approval reprogramming procedures for congressional special interest items are established elsewhere in this statement. 
FUNDING INCREASES  The funding increases outlined in the tables for each appropriation account shall be provided only for the specific purposes indicated in the tables. 
CONGRESSIONAL SPECIAL INTEREST ITEMS  Items for which additional funds have been provided or items for which funding is specifically reduced as shown in the project level tables or in paragraphs using the phrase ‘‘only for’’ or ‘‘only to’’ are congressional special interest items for the purpose of the Base for Reprogramming (DD Form 1414). Each of these items must be carried on the DD Form 1414 at the stated amount, as specifically addressed in the explanatory statement. 
CLASSIFIED ANNEX  Adjustments to classified programs are addressed in the accompanying classified annex. 
OTHER TRANSACTION AUTHORITY  The conferees support the use of Other Transaction Authority (OTA) pursuant to section 2371b of title 10, United States Code for prototyping projects to enhance the mission effectiveness of the Department of Defense. However, the conferees are concerned with the lack of transparency surrounding the employment of OTA, particularly for followon production. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to provide quarterly reports to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees not later than 30 days after the close of each fiscal quarter, detailing the Department’s execution of funds for OTA prototype projects. Such reports shall be submitted beginning with the first quarter of fiscal year 2019 and shall include a classified annex, if necessary. The report shall list each active OTA agreement characterized by Service or agency, major command, contracting activity, appropriation, budget line item, minimum and maximum award value, vendor, obligations and expenditures to date, product service code, and period of performance. Other Transaction Authority agreements that include an option for followon production shall be clearly annotated in the report and include a description of the scope of the followon production, including estimated cost, period of performance, deliverables, delivery dates, and source of funding. Further, the conferees direct the Comptroller General to review the Department’s use of OTA pursuant to section 2371b of title 10, United States Code to determine whether the Department’s employment of this authority conforms to applicable statutes and Departmental guidelines, to include the identification of any potential conflicts with section 1301 of title 31, United States Code. As part of this review, the Comptroller General shall also report on the extent that OTAs have been utilized since fiscal year 2016 and quantify OTA prototype agreements, including those with options for followon production, by Service or agency, appropriation, and other characteristics, as appropriate. The Comptroller General shall provide the congressional defense committees the assessment not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act. INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY  In support of the Indirect Fire Protection Capability (IFPC) program of record, the Army’s fiscal year 2019 budget includes procurement requests totaling $173,204,000 for AIM–9X interceptors, MultiMission Launcher (MML) components, and other ancillary costs. This request is in addition to $50,056,000 of fiscal year 2018 funding that remains unexecuted. The request also includes $208,740,000 for continued research, development, test and evaluation of the current IFPC program of record, while prior year funding also remains available due to the decision not to award the IFPC milestone B Engineering and Manufacturing Development contract. The conferees note that following the submission of the fiscal year 2019 budget request, the Army initiated reviews of the existing IFPC program of record and alternate courses of action (COA) prior to the milestone B decision. These alternate COA include the development and integration of an alternate interceptor to the previously proposed AIM–9X interceptor with modifications to the MML, as well as the analysis of at least two other distinct weapons systems. The conferees further note that section 112 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 directs the Army to deploy two batteries of an interim, fixed site cruise missile defense capability by September 30, 2020, subject to the availability of appropriations. The conference agreement supports the Army’s pursuit of this defensive capability; 
however, the conferees remain concerned that the current budget request does not support any change in acquisition strategy or procurement and integration of available interim defense capabilities and is unexecutable as requested. The conferees direct the Secretary of the Army to provide a report to the congressional defense committees not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act that details the results of the Army’s internal review, revised acquisition strategy, and resulting resourcing requirements. The report shall also include an analysis and recommendations on the multiple COA under review; the supporting cost estimates for each COA across the future years defense program (FYDP); a program schedule for the selected COA; an analysis and recommendations for interim capabilities and proposed acquisition schedule; the proposed execution of prior year available balances and current IFPC resources by appropriation, budget line, and project across the FYDP for both the program of record and interim capabilities; and a plan to resource any identified shortfalls for the selected program of record COA and interim capabilities that will be pursued through the reprogramming of available resources and other means, as necessary. 
CLOUD COMPUTING  The conferees believe cloud computing, if implemented properly, will have far reaching benefits for improving the efficiency of day today operations of the Department of Defense, as well as enabling new military capabilities critical to maintaining a tactical advantage over adversaries. The conference agreement includes a general provision directing the Secretary of Defense to provide a comprehensive strategy for cloud computing and to propose a plan for a budget accounting system that provides greater transparency to evaluate the cost and progress of transitioning to a cloud computing environment. The conferees are not suggesting that the Department implement a separate, new financial management system for cloud computing, but urge the Secretary of Defense to adapt the current system to provide reliable and timely data on the budgets requested and funds expended to procure cloud computing services, and the budgets requested and funds expended to prepare and implement legacy systems for migration to the cloud environment. ADVANCED BATTLE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM  The conferees support the Air Force’s new approach to battle management, the Advanced Battle Management System (ABMS), but are concerned with the nearterm risks in cancelling the Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System recapitalization program. The conferees direct the Secretary of the Air Force to submit a report to the congressional defense committees not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act on a revised ABMS plan and execution strategy, updated costs and schedules of each activity within the ABMS plan, and a gap and threat assessment of both the ground moving target indicator and battle management command and control mission areas. This language replaces the language under the heading ‘‘Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System Recapitalization’’ in House Report 115–769 and the language under the heading ‘‘Advanced Battle Management System’’ in Senate Report 115–290. 
CIVILIAN PAY RAISE  The conference agreement includes sufficient funding to provide for a 1.9 percent pay raise for civilian employees of the Department of Defense and other agencies funded by this Act, if authorized by another provision of law. ARMY CORPS OF ENGINEERS RESTRUCTURING  On July 30, 2018, the Secretary of Defense approved a Secretary of the Army memorandum identifying specific actions the Army will take in support of the Administration’s proposed reorganization of the United States Army Corps of Engineers’ (USACE) Civil Works Program. The reorganization includes taking the Civil Works program out of the Army Corps of Engineers with navigation going to the Department of Transportation for infrastructure grants and the remaining accounts to the Department of the Interior. The conferees are opposed to the reorganization as it could ultimately have detrimental readiness and operational impacts on Department of Defense functions and activities, to include USACE support to ongoing military operations, international partners, and support to United States military installations around the world. The conferees are extremely concerned that the Secretary of the Army failed to provide any notification or engage in any discussion with Members of Congress, the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, or their staff on an action of this magnitude, which crosses multiple jurisdictional lines and has farreaching consequences. This type of proposal, as the Department is well aware, will require legislative language which has not been proposed or requested to date. Therefore, no funds provided in this Act or any previous Act shall be used by the Department or the Secretary to plan, prepare, or implement this proposal. TITLE I—MILITARY PERSONNEL The agreement provides $138,537,041,000 in Title I, Military Personnel, as follows: 
For Military Personnel, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
MILITARY PERSONNEL, NAVY . . '' '. '' ' .... 
8 '589' 785 8' 650' 195 8 '600' 945 
7' 533' 090 7' 533' 090 7' 533 '090 
Fiscal year 2019 Fiscal year 2018 authorized Budget Request House Senate Conference Change from request Change from fiscal year 2018 
Fiscal year 2019 Fiscal year 2018 authorized Budget Request House Senate Conference Change from request Change from fiscal year 2018 
MILITARY PERSONNEL OVERVIEW  The conference agreement provides the resources required for an additional 15,600 active forces and 800 selected reserve forces above fiscal year 2018 levels, as requested and authorized by current law, in order to meet operational needs for fiscal year 2019. The conference agreement also provides the funding necessary to support a 2.6 percent pay raise for all military personnel, as authorized, effective January 1, 2019. 
PERSONNEL ACCOUNTS  The Secretary of Defense is directed to submit the Base for Reprogramming (DD Form 1414) for each of the fiscal year 2019 appropriations accounts not later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act. The Secretary of Defense is prohibited from executing any reprogramming or transfer of funds for any purpose other than originally appropriated until the aforementioned report is submitted to the House and Senate Defense Appropriations Subcommittees. The Secretary of Defense is directed to use the normal prior approval reprogramming procedures to transfer funds in the Services’ military personnel accounts between budget activities in excess of $10,000,000. 
MILITARY PERSONNEL SPECIAL INTEREST ITEMS  Items for which additional funds have been provided or have been specifically reduced as shown in the project level tables or in paragraphs using the phrase ‘‘only for’’ or ‘‘only to’’ in the explanatory statement are congressional special interest items for the purpose of the Base for Reprogramming (DD Form 1414). Each of these items must be carried on the DD Form 1414 at the stated amount as specifically addressed in the explanatory statement. Below Threshold Reprogrammings may not be used to either restore or reduce funding from congressional special interest items as identified on the DD Form 1414. RESERVE OFFICER TRAINING CORPS  The conferees support Reserve Officer Training Corps (ROTC) programs at universities and colleges. The ROTC program provides necessary tools for young men and women to serve in the military. The House included two provisions which would ban the termination or closure of Senior ROTC or ROTC programs at Historically Black Colleges, Hispanic or Tribal Universities/Colleges. The Department of Defense has advised the conferees that they have not initiated any efforts for the past several years to terminate these programs and/or units. The conferees urge the Secretary of Defense to continue to foster these programs, especially at Historically Black Colleges, Hispanic or Tribal Universities/Colleges, to ensure the best and brightest remain interested in military service. 
BLENDED RETIREMENT SYSTEM  Pursuant to sections 631 through 635 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016, the Department of Defense began modernizing the retirement system for members of the uniformed services by implementing a Blended Retirement System (BRS) that incorporates Thrift Savings Plan (TSP) contributions, Continuation Pays (CP), and a reducedrate version of the traditional definedbenefit pension. Servicemembers who enter military service on or after January 1, 2018 are covered automatically by BRS. Those who began serving prior to December 31, 2017 are grandfathered under the legacy retirement system, with the ability to optin to the BRS from January 1, 2018 through December 31, 2018, if the member has less than 12 years of service in active duty or has accumulated less than 4, 320 points for reserve members. For servicemembers separating from the military with fewer than 20 years, the new system provides for retirement benefits outside of the standing definedbenefit pension, enabling a larger population of servicemembers to obtain retirement benefits. The fiscal year 2018 budget submission was the Department’s first opportunity to request appropriations for TSP and CP requirements. Initial estimates were consistent across the military Services based on budgeting assumptions informed by valuations of the military retirement system via the Department of Defense Office of the Actuary. Following the markup of the Department of Defense Appropriations Acts by the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, the Department submitted an omnibus reprogramming request identifying $1,679,947,000 in base military personnel funding available for realignment to higher priorities, of which the Department identified $442,475,000 as excess to need due to overestimation of BRS. In addition, another $77,000,000 was identified as BRS resources available for a future reprogramming action. The conferees understand that this new approach to military retirement will take the Department time to educate and enroll participants, gather data, formulate revised assumptions, and more accurately inform budget projections. However, given that the fiscal year 2019 budget request was formulated by applying similar BRS assumptions as those used in fiscal year 2018, the Department has revised its fiscal year 2019 BRS projection and identified an estimated $732,000,000 asset based on current actuals experienced in the year of execution. As such, the associated reductions have been distributed throughout the military personnel appropriation accounts and redistributed to title II in a general provision to mitigate higher than anticipated fuel costs. The conferees expect budgeting for the BRS will become more accurate over time. MILITARY PERSONNEL , ARMY The agreement provides $42,690,042,000 for Military Personnel, Army, as follows: 
For Military Personnel, Army, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
200 RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL. 2,192,145 2,192,145 2' 192' 145 2. 192' 145 
220 THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS ..... . 132.476 132,476 132,476 132,476 
250 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING. 2,165,218 2,165,218 2,165,218 2,165,218 
300 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE. 287.464 287,464 287,464 287,464 
600 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ... 13 '350' 696 13' 342' 196 13' 350' 696 13' 342' 196 
650 ACTIVITY 2: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL 
770 THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS.,.,,.,..... 243,633 243,633 243,633 243,633 
800 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING. 4,782.445 4,782.445 4,782,445 4,782,445 
900 SPECIAL PAYS. 1 '195. 271 1 '170' 271 1,195,271 1,192,771 
1000 SEPARATION PAY. 390' 174 390' 17 4 390' 17 4 390' 174 
1050 SOCIAL SECURITY TAX 1,057,618 1 '057' 618 1,057,618 1,057,618 
1100 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 2 .............. . 26,546,861 26,521,861 26,546,861 26,544,361 
1200 ACADEMY CADETS ... , .. , . , ............ , . , ... . 86,510 86,510 86,510 86,510 
1300 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE. 1,264,097 1.264,097 1,264,097 1,264,097 
1400 FAMILY SUBSISTENCE SUPPLEMENTAL ALLOWANCE ............ . 83 83 83 83 
1450 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 .. 1 '900' 209 1,900,209 1,900,209 1,900,209 
Insert offset folio 778/392 here EH091318.0031500 ACTIVITY 5: PERMANENT CHANGE OF STATION 
1850 NONTEMPORARY STORAGE ..... ' .. '.'.''' .. ' ...... ' 
1900 TEMPORARY LODGING EXPENSE. ' ......... '.' .... ' 
1950 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 5 .. ''' ' .. ''.' '.' 
6300 TOTAL, TITLE I, MILITARY PERSONNEL, ARMY ......... . 
Insert offset folio 778/393 here EH091318.004EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
BA2: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL SPECIAL PAYS 
COSTS RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS (ROTC) 102,501 102,501 106,501 106,501 
Program increase ROTC helicopter training program 4,000 4,000 JUNIOR ROTC 
MILITARY PERSONNEL , NAVY The agreement provides $30,164,481,000 for Military Personnel, Navy, as follows: 
For Military Personnel, Navy, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
6450 ACTIVITY 1 : PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF OFFICERS 
6550 RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL .. 1 '331 '184 1 '331 '184 1,331,184 1,331,184 
6560 THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .. 83,235 83,235 83,235 83,235 
6600 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING. 1,531,259 1,531,259 1 '531 '259 1 '531 '259 
6650 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE. 172,777 172,777 172 ,777 172' 777 
6850 SEPARATION PAY 41 '489 41,489 41 '489 41 '489 
6900 SOCIAL SECURITY TAX ... 334,535 334,535 334,535 334,535 
6950 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ..... 8,617,145 8,615,145 8,617,145 8,615,145 
7000 ACTIVITY 2: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL 
7050 BASIC PAY .......... . 9,647,068 9,647,068 9,647,068 9,647,068 
7100 RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL. 2,933,110 2' 933' 110 2,933,110 2,933,110 
7120 THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS ... 182,026 182,026 182,026 182,026 
7150 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING, .. 4,480,750 4,480,750 4,480,750 4,480,750 
7350 SEPARATION PAY .. 117,648 117,648 117' 648 117,648 
7400 SOCIAL SECURITY TAX ... , ........ ,. 738,001 738,001 738,001 738,001 
7450 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 2. 19' 777,426 19' 775' 426 19' 777' 426 19 ''177' 426 
7650 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE .. 821,434 821,434 821,434 821,434 
7750 FAMILY SUBSISTENCE SUPPLEMENTAL ALLOWANCE. 5 5 5 5 
   7800 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 ... 1 '239' 917 1 '239' 917 1,239,917 1 '239 '917 
Insert offset folio 396 here EH091318.0067850 ACTIVITY 5: PERMANENT CHANGE OF STATION 
8500 INTEREST ON UNIFORMED SERVICES SAVINGS .............. . 8550 
11000 TOTAL, TITLE I, MILITARY PERSONNEL, NAVY ........ . 11010 
11050 TOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL, NAVY .... (In thousands of dollars) 
Insert offset folio 397 here EH091318.007EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
BA2: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL SPECIAL PAYS 
Program increase 270 270 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENTS 168,000 121,000 260,000 
MILITARY PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  The agreement provides $13,779,038,000 for Military Personnel, Marine Corps, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 399 here EH091318.008MILITARY PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS 
For Military Personnel, Marine Corps, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
12100 BASIC PAY. '' ...... ' '' ... ' ..... 1,641,181 1,641,181 1,641,181 1 '641 '181 12150 
RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL. ' ... '.'' ' ... ' ... '' 498,204 498,204 498,204 498,204 
12170 THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS ......... 31 '369 31,369 31,369 31 '369 
12200 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING. '' ' .. ''' 546,247 546,247 546,247 546,247 
12250 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE .. 67,428 67,428 67,428 67,428 
12350 SPECIAL PAYS ... ' ' < • • • • • • 3,891 3,891 3,891 3,891 
12400 ALLOWANCES ...... '' '.'.'' . '' ... '' '' 46,208 46,208 46,208 46.208 
12450 SEPARATION PAY ... < ••• '.' ' •• '' ....... ' 17,019 17,019 17,019 17' 019 12500 
SOCIAL SECURITY TAX ......... . ' ............ '' 125,091 125 '091 125' 091 125,091 
12600 ACTIVITY 2: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL 
12650 BASIC PAY ........... . 5,196,233 5,196,233 5,196,233 5' 196' 233 
12720 THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS ....... , .. . 97 '777 97' 777 97' 777 97' 777 
12750 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING .... 1 '658' 129 1 '658' 129 1 '658' 129 1,658,129 
12800 INCENTIVE PAYS .. 9' 137 9' 137 9' 137 9' 137 
12850 SPECIAL PAYS. 198,171 188' 171 198,171 191 '171 
12950 SEPARATION PAY ......... . 97,425 97,425 97,425 97,425 
13000 SOCIAL SECURITY TAX ... ,. 396,969 396,969 396,969 396,969 
13050 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 2 ......... , ......... . 9,533,542 9,523,542 9,533,542 9,526,542 
13150 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE .. 444,111 444' 111 444,111 444' 111 
FAMILY SUBSISTENCE SUPPLEMENTAL ALLOWANCE .. , ......... . 10 10 10 10 
13300 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 ............ ,., ..... , .. , ... . 854,841 854' 841 854,841 854,841 
Insert offset folio 400 here EH091318.009(In thousands of dollars) 
13400 ACCESSION TRAVEL ..... . 48,992 48,992 48.992 48,992 
13450 TRAINING TRAVEL ..... . 16,506 16,506 16,506 16,506 
14000 INTEREST ON UNIFORMED SERVICES SAVINGS. . . . . ......... . 19 19 19 19 
14050 DEATH GRATUITIES ..... 13. 100 13. 100 13, 100 13' 100 14100 
14250 TRANSPORTATION SUBSIDY .......... . 1. 448 1,448 1,448 1. 448 
  ~  ~ 14450 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 6. 60,557 60,557 60,627 60,627 
14500 LESS REIMBURSABLE$ ........... . 28,956 28,956 28,956 28,956 
14650 TOTAL, ACTIVE FORCES, MARINE CORPS........... .. .. .. . 13,890,968 13,770,968 13,799,038 13,779,038 
16000 TOTAL, TITLE I, MILITARY PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS ... 13,890 '968 13,770,968 13' 799,038 13,779,038 
============ ============ ============ ============== 16010 TOTAL, TRICARE ACCRUAL PAYMENTS (PERMANENT, 
INDEFINITE AUTHORITY) (PUBLIC LAW 108 375) ........ . 830,962 830,962 830,962 830,962 
16050 TOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS ... 14, 721 '930 14,601 ,930 14,630,000 14,610,000 
Insert offset folio 401 here EH091318.010M1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
BA2: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL SPECIAL PAYS 
BA6: OTHER MILITARY PERSONNEL COSTS JUNIOR ROTC 3,790 3,790 
Revised estimate Rate adjustments Senate Conference 198,171 191,171 7,000 3,860 3,860 
70 70 92,000 105,000 50,500 75,000 37,500 17,000 17,000 
MILITARY PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  The agreement provides $30,074,691,000 for Military Personnel, Air Force, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 403 here EH091318.011MILITARY PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE 
For Military Personnel, Air Force, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
17100 BASIC PAY .......... . 5,208,253 5,208,253 5,208,253 5,208,253 
17150 RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL .. 1,571,933 1,571,933 1 '571 . 933 1,571,933 
17170 THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .. 97,630 97,630 97,630 97,630 
17200 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING .. 1,573,578 1,573,578 1,573,578 1,573,578 
17250 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE. 202,971 202,971 202,971 202,971 17300 
17350 SPECIAL PAYS ....... . 368,153 356,153 368. 153 366,153 
17600 ACTIVITY 2: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL 
17700 RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL ... 2,909,736 2,909,736 2,909,736 2,909,736 
17720 THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS ........ . 179,662 179' 662 179,662 179,662 
17750 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING. 3,882,466 3,882,466 3,882,466 3,882,466 
17800 INCENTIVE PAYS ............. . 71,294 71,294 71,294 71.294 
18250 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE. 1,040,809 1,040,809 1,040,809 1,040,809 
18350 FAMILY SUBSISTENCE SUPPLEMENTAL ALLOWANCE ... 6 6 6 6 
18400 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4. 1,187,424 1 . 187.424 1 '187' 424 1,187,424 
Insert offset folio 404 here EH091318.01218450 ACTIVITY 5: PERMANENT CHANGE OF STATION 
INDEFINITE AUTHORITY)(PUBLIC LAW 108375) .... ============ ============ ============ ============== 
1,448,912 1 '448 '912 1,448,912 1 '448' 912 ============ ============ ============ ============== 
Insert offset folio 405 here EH091318.013EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
Transfer from OM,AF SAG 11 C for transition to OCP 
uniform 23,300 23,300 BA6: OTHER MILITARY PERSONNEL COSTS JUNIOR ROTC 
Program increase 380 380 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENTS 175,000 352,700 468,000 
RESERVE PERSONNEL , ARMY The agreement provides $4,836,947,000 for Reserve Personnel, Army, as follows: 
For Reserve Personnel, Army, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
23050 ACTIVITY 1 : RESERVE COMPONENT TRAINING AND SUPPORT 
23100 PAY GROUP A TRAINING (15 DAYS & DRILLS 24/48). 1,624,216 1,622,216 1,624,216 1,622,216 
23150 PAY GROUP B TRAINING (BACKFILL FOR ACTIVE DUTY) ..... 42,354 42,354 42,354 42,354 
23200 PAY GROUP F TRAINING (RECRUITS). 227,561 227,561 227,561 227,561 
23250 PAY GROUP P TRAINING (PIPELINE RECRUITS) ........... . 9,658 9,658 9,658 9,658 
23300 MOBILIZATION TRAINING ............. . 1,121 1 '121 1 '121 1,121 
23350 SCHOOL TRAINING ........ . 252,317 237,317 252' 317 237,317 
23400 SPECIAL TRAINING ....... . 309,074 309,074 309,074 309,074 
23450 ADMINISTRATION AND SUPPORT .......... . 2,309,323 2,307,323 2,309,323 2,309,323 
23470 THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS ........... . 35,494 35,494 35,494 35,494 
23650 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1. 4,955,947 4,936,947 4,955,947 4,938,947 
23800 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENT .. 88,000 85,000 102' 000 24000 
TOTAL, TITLE I, RESERVE PERSONNEL, ARMY .. , ....... . 4,955,947 4,848,947 4,870,947 4,836,947 
INDEFINITE AUTHORITY) (PUBLIC LAW 108375) ...... . 386,853 386,853 386,853 386,853 
Insert offset folio 408 here EH091318.015M1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
RESERVE PERSONNEL , NAVY The agreement provides $2,049,021,000 for Reserve Personnel, Navy, as follows: 
For Reserve Personnel, Navy, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
26100 PAY GROUP A TRAINING (15 DAYS & DRILLS 24148) .. 698,480 698,480 698,480 698,480 
26150 PAY GROUP B TRAINING (BACKFILL FOR ACTIVE DUTY). 8,364 8,364 8,364 8,364 
26200 PAY GROUP F TRAINING (RECRUITS). 62,628 62,628 62,628 62,628 
26250 MOBILIZATION TRAINING ... '' ' .. ' .. 11 '535 11 '535 11 '535 11 '535 
26300 SCHOOL TRAINING ..... '' ' .... ' 55,012 55,012 55.012 55,012 
26350 SPECIAL TRAINING .... <' •• ' •• '' ' ' . . . ' ' . 109,433 109,433 109,433 109,433 26400 
ADMINISTRATION AND SUPPORT ... '.' '.'.'.'. ''' ' .. 1,052,934 1,050,934 1,052,934 1 '051 '734 
26420 THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS ...... 14,011 14,011 14,011 14' 011 
26450 EDUCATION BENEFITS. '' ''.' ... '' ' .. '. 78 78 78 78 
  26550 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 . '.' .. ' '' ... ' .... ' 2,067,521 2,065,521 2,067,521 2,066,321 
26600 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENT ..... ' .. '' ' ... ' .... ' ' .. ,'.' ' .. 10' 300 8,000 17,300 
27000 TOTAL, TITLE I, RESERVE PERSONNEL, NAVY ............ . 2,067,521 2,055,221 2,059,521 2,049,021 
INDEFINITE AUTHORITY)(PUBLIC LAW 108375) ....... . 130,504 130,504 130,504 130.504 27050 
TOTAL, RESERVE PERSONNEL, NAVY. 2' 198' 025 2' 185 '725 2' 190' 025 2' 179 '525 
Insert offset folio 411 here EH091318.017M1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
RESERVE PERSONNEL , MARINE CORPS  The agreement provides $782,390,000 for Reserve Personnel, Marine Corps, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 413 here EH091318.018RESERVE PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS 
For Reserve Personnel, Marine Corps, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
28100 PAY GROUP A TRAINING (15 DAYS & DRILLS 24148) ... 284,427 284,427 284,427 284,427 
28150 PAY GROUP B TRAINING (BACKFILL FOR ACT DUTY) ... 44,091 44,091 44,091 44,091 28200 
PAY GROUP F TRAINING (RECRUITS) ..... 124,573 124,573 124,573 124,573 
28300 MOBILIZATION TRAINING .............. . 1 '347 1 '347 1 '347 1 '347 
ADMINISTRATION AND SUPPORT ......... . 244,504 244,504 244,504 244,504 28470 
THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS. 4, 776 4 '776 4, 776 4, 776 
28500 PLATOON LEADER CLASS .... 9,364 9,364 9,364 9,364 
28550 EDUCATION BENEFITS ..... . 6' 139 6,139 6' 139 6' 139 
28600 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 .......... . 788,090 788,090 788,090 788,090 28700 
29000 TOTAL, TITLE I, RESERVE PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS .... 788,090 777 '390 787,090 782,390 29010 
INDEFINITE AUTHORITY)(PUBLIC LAW 108375) ..... . 73,987 73,987 73,987 73,987 
29050 TOTAL, RESERVE PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS. 862,077 851 '377 861 '077 856 '377 
Insert offset folio 414 here EH091318.019M1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
RESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  The agreement provides $1,860,406,000 for Reserve Personnel, Air Force, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/416 here EH091318.020RESERVE PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE 
For Reserve Personnel, Air Force, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
30050 ACTIVITY 1 : RESERVE COMPONENT TRAINING AND SUPPORT 
30100 PAY GROUP A TRAINING (15 DAYS & DRILLS 24/48) ...... . 
30150 PAY GROUP B TRAINING (BACKFILL FOR ACTIVE DUTY) ..... . 
31000 TOTAL, TITLE I, RESERVE PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE ...... . 
31050 TOTAL, RESERVE PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE .............. .. 2,026,864 1 '986 '1 04 2,003,864 1,992,984 
Insert offset folio 778/417 here EH091318.021M1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
Blended retirement overestimation Historical unobligated balances Revised estimate Rate adjustments Budget Request 518,918 House 517,918 
NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , ARMY The agreement provides $8,600,945,000 for National Guard Personnel, Army, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/419 here EH091318.022NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, ARMY 
For National Guard Personnel, Army, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
32050 ACTIVITY 1 : RESERVE COMPONENT TRAINING AND SUPPORT 
32100 PAY GROUP A TRAINING (15 DAYS & DRILLS 24/48).,. 2,805,051 2,786,051 2,805,051 2,786,051 
32150 PAY GROUP F TRAINING (RECRUITS) ......... . 575,310 565,310 575,310 565,310 
32200 PAY GROUP P TRAINING (PIPELINE RECRUITS) ........... . 43,618 43,618 43,618 43,618 32250 
32350 ADMINISTRATION AND SUPPORT ......... ,,,, , , , . , , , , . , 3,925,593 3,925,593 3,925,593 3,925,593 
32370 THRIFT SAVINGS PLAN MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS ........ . 55,530 55,530 55,530 55,530 
~     32450 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1., ..... . 8,744,345 8,724,585 8,747,945 8' 728 '245 
32600 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENT, , , , , , , , .. , , .. 136,000 99,500 134,000 
32610 TRAUMA TRAINING .... 1 '200 1 '200 1. 200 
33000 TOTAL, TITLE I, NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, ARMY. 8,744,345 8,589,785 8,650,195 8,600,945 
INDEFINITE AUTHORITY) (PUBLIC LAW 108375) ....... . 685,463 685,463 685,463 685,463 
33050 TOTAL, NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, ARMY.,. , , , , . , , , . , , , 9,429,808 9,275,248 9,335,658 9,286,408 
Insert offset folio 778/420 here EH091318.023EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
PAY GROUP A TRAINING (15 DAYS and DRILLS 24/48) 2,805,051 2,786,051 2,805,051 2,786,051 Excess growth 
PAY GROUP F TRAINING (RECRUITS) 575,310 565,310 575,310 565,310 Excess 
Program increase training and operational support of the southwest border 
TRAUMA TRAINING 1,200 1,200 1,200 WILDFIRE TRAINING 550 5,500 
RESERVE PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  For Reserve Personnel, Air Force, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: N ATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL , AIRFORCE  The agreement provides $3,699,080,000 for National Guard Personnel, Air Force, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/422 here EH091318.024NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE 
For National Guard Personnel, Air Force, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
34100 PAY GROUP A TRAINING (15 DAYS & DRILLS 24/48) ....... 
34300 SPECIAL TRAINING ........ ' ...... ' .. ' ... ' ' ... '' 
34350 ADMINISTRATION AND SUPPORT ... ' ' . . . . . . . . ' . . ' . . . ' . . 
34450 TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 " " . '. ' .. '.' .. '' 
34700 UNDISTRIBUTED ADJUSTMENT ..... .... '.' ' .. '' 
34740 WILDFIRE TRAINING ... '' .. ' '' .... ' ''.' ... '' ' ... ' 
35000 TOTAL, TITLE I, NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE. 
35050 TOTAL, NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE .... , ..... (In thousands of dollars) 
8' 113 8' 113 8,113 8' 113 334,293 334,293 
Insert offset folio 778/423 here EH091318.025M1 EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
Blended retirement overestimation Historical unobligated balances Revised estimate Rate adjustments TRAUMA 
TITLE II—OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE The agreement provides $193,682,875,000 in Title II, Operation and Maintenance, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/425 here EH091318.026TITLE IIOPERATION AND MAINTENANCE 
For Operation and Maintenance, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY ......... . 42,009,317 41,329,182 40,634,715 40,145' 482 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS RESERVE......... 271,570 281,570 271,570 271,570 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE RESERVE. . . . . 3, 260, 234 3, 212, 234 3, 24 7, 534 3' 191 '734 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY NATIONAL GUARD.. 7,399,295 7,329,771 7,261,245 7' 118,831 
OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR NATIONAL GUARD..... 6,427,622 6,438,162 6,433,747 6,420,697 
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE ARMED FORCES. 14,662 14,662 14,662 14,662 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, DEFENSEWIDE .............. . 8,926 19,002 8,926 19,002 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION, FORMERLY USED DEFENSE SITES 212,346 248,673 212,346 248,673 
OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN, DISASTER, AND CIVIC AID ....... . 107,663 117,663 107,663 117' 663 
DOD ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND ....... . 400,000 397,900 552,000 450,000 
GRAND TOTAL, OPERATION & MAINTENANCE .... 199,469,636 197,434,242 193,982,413 193,682,875 
AND MAINTENANCE ACCOUNTS  The Secretary of Defense is directed to submit the Base for Reprogramming (DD Form 1414) for each of the fiscal year 2019 appropriation accounts not later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act. The Secretary of Defense is prohibited from executing any reprogramming or transfer of funds for any purpose other than originally appropriated until the aforementioned report is submitted to the House and Senate Defense Appropriations Subcommittees. The Secretary of Defense is directed to use the normal prior approval reprogramming procedures to transfer funds in the Services’ operation and maintenance accounts between O–1 budget activities, or between sub activity groups in the case of Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide, in excess of $15,000,000. In addition, the Secretary of Defense shall follow prior approval reprogramming procedures for transfers in excess of $15,000,000 out ofthe following readiness sub activity groups: Army: Maneuver units Modular support brigades Land forces operations support Aviation assets Force readiness operations support Land forces depot maintenance Base operations support Facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization Specialized skill training Navy: Mission and other flight operations Fleet air training Aircraft depot maintenance Mission and other ship operations Ship depot maintenance Facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization Marine Corps: Operational forces Field logistics Depot maintenance Facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization Air Force: Primary combat forces Combat enhancement forces Depot purchase equipment maintenance Facilities sustainment, restoration, and modernization Contractor logistics support and system support Flying hour program Air Force Reserve: Primary combat forces Air National Guard: Aircraft operations Additionally, the Secretary of Defense is directed to use normal prior approval reprogramming procedures when implementing transfers in excess of $15,000,000 into the following budget subactivities: Operation and Maintenance, Army: Recruiting and advertising Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard: Other personnel support/recruiting and advertising 
INTEREST ITEMS  Items for which additional funds have been provided or have been specifically reduced as shown in the project level tables or in paragraphs using the phrase ‘‘only for’’ or ‘‘only to’’ in the explanatory statement are congressional special interest items for the purpose of the Base for Reprogramming (DD Form 1414). Each of these items must be carried on the DD Form 1414 at the stated amount as specifically addressed in the explanatory statement. Below Threshold Reprogrammings may not be used to either restore or reduce funding from congressional special interest items as identified on the DD Form 1414. 
OPERATIONS COMMAND  The Secretary of Defense is directed to submit a baseline report that shows the Special Operations Command’s operation and maintenance funding by subactivity group for the fiscal year 2019 appropriation not later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act. The Secretary of Defense is further directed to submit quarterly execution reports to the congressional defense committees not later than 45 days after the end of each fiscal quarter that addresses the rationale for the realignment of any funds within and between budget subactivities and the movement of any base funds used to support overseas contingency operations. Finally, the Secretary of Defense is directed to notify the congressional defense committees 30 days prior to the realignment of funds in excess of $15,000,000 between subactivity groups. ADVERTISING SPENDING TO SMALL AND  
DISADVANTAGED BUSINESSES  The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act which estimates the portion of the Department of Defense advertising budget that is spent on advertising and public relations contracts with socially and economically disadvantaged small businesses and women, lowincome veteran, and minority entrepreneurs and business owners at the prime and subcontracting levels. 
ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION FUNDING  The conference agreement provides the maximum executable level of funding for the Services to address costs associated with remediating contamination caused by perfluorinated chemicals, as well as additional funding to address other highpriority environmental restoration projects across the Department. 
LEAD IN MILITARY PRIVATIZED HOUSING  Section 8132 of the Senatepassed Defense Appropriations bill directs the Comptroller General, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense and the Service Secretaries, to provide a report on the monitoring compliance and remediation of lead in military housing. The conferees are concerned that servicemembers and their families residing in onpost military housing may have been exposed to toxic levels of lead based paint. The conferees understand that military installations around the country possess housing units containing lead based paint levels exceeding the federal threshold for acceptable levels, which could have negative health implications for servicemembers and their families. The conferees direct the Comptroller General to conduct an investigation and submit a report to the congressional defense committees on toxic lead levels at military housing on all installations not later than 120 days after the enactment of this Act. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY The agreement provides $40,145,482,000 for Operation and Maintenance, Army, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/432 here EH091318.027OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY 
For Operation and Maintenance, Army, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
10 MANEUVER UNITS. 2' 076' 360 1 '882' 567 1 '761 '360 1,732,567 
20 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES. 107 '946 107' 946 107 '946 107 '946 
30 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADES. 732' 485 707' 485 732 '485 707 '485 
40 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS, 1 '169 '508 1 '169' 508 1 '079, 508 1 '079' 508 
50 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT. 1 '180' 460 1 '180' 460 1 '180 '460 1 '180' 460 
60 AVIATION ASSETS. 1 '467 '500 1 '342' 500 1 '417' 500 1 '342' 500 
70 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT. 4,285,211 4,316,551 3,895,211 4,026,551 
80 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS .. 482 '201 482' 201 482' 201 482,201 
90 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE. 1 , 536 '851 1,485,351 1,236,851 1 , 386 '851 
100 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT. 8' 274,299 8, 250' 144 8' 242' 299 8,218,144 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION, & MODERNIZATION. 3,516,859 3 ,756' 859 , 523' 609 3 '523 '609 
120 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS. 438,733 430' 278 438,733 430' 278 
180 US AFRICA COMMAND. 231 '518 231,518 231 '518 231 '518 
190 US EUROPEAN COMMAND. 150 '268 150, 268 141 '268 141 '268 
200 US SOUTHERN COMMAND. 195,964 195' 964 213,964 213,964 
210 US FORCES KOREA. 59,625 59' 625 59,625 59, 625 
   TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1. 25,905, 788 25,749,225 24,744,538 24,864,475 
230 ARMY PREPOSITIONED STOCKS. 573,560 573,560 562,560 562 '560 
240 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS. 7 '678 7' 678 7 '678 7 '678 
   TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 2. 952' 179 952, 179 925,179 925,179 
Insert offset folio 778/433 here EH091318.028BUDGET ACTIVITY 3: TRAINING AND RECRUITING ACCESSION 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY. (In thousands of dollars) 
'259 '622 1 '258' 622 1 '281 '130 1 '263' 932 
Insert offset folio 778/435 here EH091318.030EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
121 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT 4,285,211 4,316,551 3,895,211 4,026,551 
123 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE 1,536,851 1,485,351 1,236,851 1,386,851 
increase prevention of child abuse and training on safe 
133 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS 438,733 430,278 438,733 430,278 
143 U.S. SOUTHERN COMMAND 195,964 195,964 213,964 213,964 Program 
211 STRATEGIC MOBILITY 370,941 370,941 354,941 354,941 Unjustified growth 
323 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION 220,399 212,242 220,399 212,242 Program decrease not properly accounted 
TRAINING SUPPORT 611,482 581,482 611,482 581,482 Program decrease not properly accounted 
422 CENTRAL SUPPLY ACTIVITIES 931,462 931,462 921,462 921,462 Unjustified growth 
434 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT 379,541 379,541 349,541 349,541 Unjustified growth 
435 OTHER SERVICE SUPPORT 1,699,767 1,669,331 1,687,767 1,689,331 Program decrease not properly accounted 
Program increase Army support to Capitol 4th 3,564 3,564 
OVERESTIMATION OF CIVILIAN FTE TARGETS 50,000 100,000 100,000 RESTORE READINESS 300,000 PUBLIC 
CAPITAL FUND EXCESS CARRYOVER 100,000 20,000 HISTORICAL UNOBLIGATION 491,502 491,502 UNDISTRIBUTED REDUCTION 5,600 
MORALE , WELFARE , AND RECREATION  The conferees encourage the Secretary of the Army to provide sufficient resources at Morale, Welfare, and Recreation facilities that have been closed as a result of flooding, an earthquake, a wildfire, or a volcanic event in 2018. This includes facilities that have furloughed or put employees on administrative leave as well as those that have used revenue or operating reserves to pay operation and maintenance expenses. O PERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVY The agreement provides $48,034,826,000 for Operation and Maintenance, Navy, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/439 here EH091318.032OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
For Operation and Maintenance, Navy, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
10 MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS. 5,372,399 5,327,478 4' 772' 399 4,997,399 
20 FLEET AIR TRAINING. 2,023,351 1 '913' 124 2,023,351 1 '965' 124 
30 AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA AND ENGINEERING SERVICES. 56' 225 56' 225 56' 225 56' 225 
40 AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT. 156,081 156,081 156,081 156 '081 
50 AIR SYSTEMS SUPPORT .. 682' 379 676' 440 670' 379 670' 379 
60 AIRCRAFT DEPOT MAINTENANCE. 1 '253 ,756 1 '253' 756 ,253,756 1 '253' 756 
70 AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT .. 66' 649 62' 353 66' 649 62' 353 
80 AVIATION LOGISTICS. 939' 368 939' 368 939' 368 939' 368 
90 MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS .. 4,439,566 4,413,287 3' 819' 566 4,019,566 
100 SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT AND TRAINING. 997 '663 997' 663 997' 663 997' 663 
110 SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE. 8' 751 '526 ,751,526 8,141,526 8 '751 '526 
120 SHIP DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT. 2,168,876 2,168,876 2,168,876 2' 168' 876 
130 COMBAT COMMUNICATIONS. 1,349,593 1,317,593 1, 343' 293 1 , 326' 293 
150 SPACE SYSTEMS AND SURVEILLANCE. 215,255 215,255 215,255 215' 255 
160 WARFARE TACTICS. 632' 446 602' 446 617,446 617' 446 
170 OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY. 373' 046 373' 046 373' 046 373 '046 
180 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES. 1 '452' 075 1 '452' 075 1,452,075 1,452,075 
190 EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE. 153' 719 153' 719 153' 719 153' 719 
210 COMBATANT COMMANDERS CORE OPERATIONS ............ . 63 '039 63' 039 63' 039 63 '039 
220 COMBATANT COMMANDERS DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT. 89 '339 89' 339 89' 339 89' 339 
230 MILITARY INFORMATION SUPPORT OPERATIONS. 8' 475 8' 475 8 '475 8' 475 
240 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES. 424 '088 411 '088 424' 088 424' 088 
Insert offset folio 778/440 here EH091318.033(In thousands of dollars) 
260 FLEET BALLISTIC MISSILE. 1,361,947 1,361,947 1 '361 '947 1 '361 '947 
280 WEAPONS MAINTENANCE. 823 '952 823' 952 823 952 823' 952 
290 OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT 494' 101 494' 101 474' 101 482' 901 
300 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .. 921 '936 875' 894 921 '936 912,894 
310 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 2' 040' 389 2' 330' 389 2' 390' 389 2,330,389 
320 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT .............. . 4,414,753 4,414,753 4' 418' 253 4,418,253 
330 SHIP PREPOSITIONING AND SURGE. 549' 142 549,142 549' 142 549' 142 
340 READY RESERVE FORCE. 310,805 310,805 310' 805 310,805 
360 SHIP ACTIVATIONS/ INACTIVATIONS. 161 '150 161 '150 161 '150 161 '150 
370 FLEET HOSPITAL PROGRAM. 120' 338 120,338 120' 338 120,338 
390 COAST GUARD SUPPORT. 24' 097 24' 097 24 '097 24' 097 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 2. 1 '165 '532 1,165,532 1 '165' 532 1,165,532 
Insert offset folio 778/441 here EH091318.034BUDGET ACTIVITY 3: TRAINING AND RECRUITING 
1 '859' 188 1 '911 '738 1 '901 '038 
1 '059' 964 1 '069' 964 1 '079' 964 
4' 116,821 4,095,821 4' 095' 321 4' 111 '321 
Insert offset folio 778/443 here EH091318.036EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
1A1A MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS 5,372,399 5,327,478 4,772,399 4,997,399 Unjustified growth 44,921 Projected underexecution 
1A2A FLEET AIR TRAINING 2,023,351 1,913,124 2,023,351 1,965,124 Fiscal year 
1A6A AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT 66,649 62,353 66,649 62,353 Excess growth 3,779 3,779 Excess travel 517 517 1 
B1 B MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS 4,439,566 4,413,287 3,819,566 4,019,566 
1B4B SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE 8,751,526 8,751,526 8,141,526 8,751,526 Transfer to 
OP,N for USS Boise, USS New York, and USS 
WARFARE 1,349,593 1,317,593 1,343,293 1,326,293 Program decrease not properly accounted 
1C4C WARFARE TACTICS 632,446 602,446 617,446 617,446 Fiscal year 
Unjustified growth 15,000 15,000 1CCY CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES 424,088 411,088 424,088 424,088 
1 D7D OTHER WEAPON SYSTEMS SUPPORT 494,101 494,101 474,101 482,901 Classified program adjustment 
ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY 921,936 875,894 921,936 912,894 Excess growth 
Fiscal year 2018 decrease not properly accounted 37,000 BSM1 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION 
BSS1 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 4,414,753 4,414,753 4,418,253 4,418,253 Unjustified growth 
3A3J RESERVE OFFICERS TRAINING CORPS 149,687 149,687 151,187 151,187 Program increase 
381K SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING 879,557 740,157 793,557 779,557 Program decrease 
3C1 L RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING 181,086 184,386 181,086 184,386 Program increase Naval Sea Cadet Corps 
AND SECURITY SERVICES 705,087 705,087 705,087 715,087 Program increase Navy 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  The agreement provides $6,540,049,000 for Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/446 here EH091318.038OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS 
For Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
10 OPERATIONAL FORCES. 873' 320 875' 835 637' 320 753' 320 
20 FIELD LOGISTICS. .094,187 1 '044' 187 ,094,187 1 ,094,187 
30 DEPOT MAINTENANCE. 314' 182 314' 182 314' 182 314' 182 
40 MARITIME PREPOSITIONING. 98' 136 94' 555 98,136 94' 555 
50 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES. ' .. ' '''. '' ... 183,546 183' 546 183,546 183' 546 
60 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 832' 636 912,636 832' 636 832' 636 
70 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT. 2,151,390 2' 112' 390 1 '963' 490 2,046,295 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 . 5,547,397 5,537,331 5' 123' 497 5,318,721 
80 RECRUIT TRAINING. 16 '453 16' 453 16' 453 16' 453 
90 OFFICER ACQUISITION. 1 '144 1 '144 1 '144 1 '144 
100 SPECIALIZED SKILLS TRAINING. 106' 360 102.235 106,360 102,235 
110 PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT EDUCATION. 46.096 46 '096 46.096 46,096 
120 TRAINING SUPPORT. .. ' ...... ' ' ....... 389,751 389' 751 389,751 389' 751 
130 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .. 201 '662 196 '662 201 '662 201 '662 
140 OFFDUTY AND VOLUNTARY EDUCATION. 32 '461 32.461 32 '461 32' 461 
150 JUNIOR ROTC. ' . . ' ' ' . . ' ' . ' . .. '.' ....... 24' 217 24' 217 24 '607 24 '607 
   TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 3. 818' 144 809,019 818,534 814,409 
Insert offset folio 778/447 here EH091318.039BUDGET ACTIVITY 4: ADMIN & SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
6' 824' 269 6' 372' 000 6 '540 '049 
Insert offset folio 778/448 here EH091318.040EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
Excess growth 2,485 Program increase Marine hearing enhancement and protection 
1A2A FIELD LOGISTICS 1,094,187 1,044,187 1,094,187 1,094,187 Fiscal year 
1 B1 B MARITIME PREPOSITIONING 98,136 94,555 98,136 94,555 Unjustified growth 3,581 3,581 
Program increase prevention of child abuse and training on safe childcare practices 
3B1 D SPECIALIZED SKILLS TRAINING 106,360 102,235 106,360 102,235 
3C1 F RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING 201,662 196,662 201,662 201,662 
Fiscal year 2018 decrease not properly accounted 5,000 3C3F JUNIOR ROTC 
FTE 17,000 17,000 HISTORICAL UNOBLIGATION 33,050 33,050 RESTORE READINESS 54,000 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  The agreement provides $40,379,184,000 for Operation and Maintenance, Air Force, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/450 here EH091318.041OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 
For Operation and Maintenance, Air Force, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
10 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES. 758,178 725' 678 758' 178 725 '678 
20 COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES, 1 '509' 027 1 '227' 027 1 '227' 027 1 '227' 027 
30 AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING. ... '''' .. '' .. 1 '323 '330 1 '323' 330 1 '280 ,730 1 '295' 730 
40 DEPOT MAINTENANCE, 3,511,830 3' 536' 670 2' 994' 830 3' 232' 830 
50 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 2' 892' 705 3' 132' 705 2,917,705 2' 892' 705 
60 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT., 7,613,084 7' 482' 192 7 '848 '084 7,482,192 
70 FLYING HOUR PROGRAM. ..... ' ... '' ''' '' '' .. ' ... 4' 345' 208 3 '952' 799 3 '685' 208 3' 885' 208 
80 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT, . 5,989,215 6,025,115 6 '016' 115 6' 016' 115 
90 GLOBAL C3I AND EARLY WARNING. . ' ' ' . ' ' ' ' ' . ' 928 '023 928' 023 928' 023 928' 023 
100 OTHER COMBAT OPERATIONS SUPPORT PROGRAMS, '080' 956 1 '080' 956 1,080,956 1 '080' 956 
110 CYBERSPACE ACTIVITIES, 879' 032 813,032 813,032 813' 032 
140 SPACE CONTROL SYSTEMS. 404' 072 404' 072 404' 072 404' 072 
170 US NORTHCOM I NORAD. 187' 375 187,375 187' 375 187,375 
180 us STRATCOM. ''.''' ... ' .. 529' 902 529' 902 529 '902 529 '902 
200 us CENTCOM. 166' 024 166' 024 166,024 166 '024 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS. 1 '164,810 1 '164' 810 1 '158' 410 1 '164' 810 
~  ~  TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1. 33' 797' 280 33' 194' 219 32,510,180 32' 546' 188 
Insert offset folio 778/451 here EH091318.042BUDGET ACTIVITY 2: MOBILIZATION 
1 '387' 112 1 '302' 112 1 '284' 720 
Insert offset folio 778/452 here EH091318.043BUDGET ACTIVITY 4: ADMIN & SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
Insert offset folio 778/453 here EH091318.044EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
011M DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE 3,511,830 3,536,670 2,994,830 3,232,830 
increase F35 sustainment to accelerate depot component repair capability 
Transfer from SAG 11 C for transition to OCP uniform 35,900 35,900 35,900 
Air Force requested transfer to SAG 428 66,000 66,000 66,000 
Program decrease not properly accounted 5,000 5,000 033D CIVILIAN EDUCATION 
Program increase 1,000 1,000 042A ADMINISTRATION 953,102 903,102 933,102 908,102 
0428 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS 358,389 424,389 424,389 424,389 Air Force requested transfer from 
SAG 120 66,000 66,000 66,000 042G OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 
of child abuse and training on safe childcare practices 
0421 CIVIL AIR PATROL CORPORATION 29,594 33,600 33,600 33,600 
Unjustified growth security clearance investigations 40,000 40,000 RESTORE READINESS 300,000 PUBLIC 
E–8C MAINTENANCE  The conferees direct the Comptroller General to submit a report to the congressional defense committees not later than January 31, 2019 on E–8C Joint Surveillance Target Attack Radar System (JSTARS) maintenance. The report shall compare the cost expenditures of organic industrial depot maintenance of the E–8C JSTARS fleet versus contracted or nonorganic maintenance and the cost variance and cost savings of different programmed depot maintenance cycles or procedures for the E8C fleet, including comparisons to such other platforms as the Comptroller General considers appropriate. 
REPUBLIC OF PALAU  The conference agreement provides $9,700,000 to reimburse the Republic of Palau for land acquisition costs to enable the installation of critical defense assets. The conferees note that this onetime investment will provide a measurable advantage in United States strategic posture. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , DEFENSE WIDE The agreement provides $35,613,354,000 for Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/457 here EH091318.046OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSEWIDE 
For Operation and Maintenance, DefenseWide, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
10 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF. 430,215 425' 215 430' 995 423' 495 
20 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF. 602' 186 572,186 602' 186 572' 186 
40 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND. 5,389,250 5,313,660 5' 308' 115 5' 293' 704 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 .. 6,421,651 6 '311 ,061 6,341 ,296 6,289 '385 
50 DEFENSE ACQUISITION UNIVERSITY. 181 '601 179' 572 181 '601 181 '601 
60 AND EDUCATION .. 96 '565 90' 865 96' 565 94' 265 
70 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND 370 '583 370' 583 370 '583 372,583 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 3,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,,, 648' 749 641 '020 648' 749 648' 449 
80 CIVIL MILITARY PROGRAMS ... 166' 131 231 '808 204,131 236' 808 
100 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY. 625 '633 616' 144 625' 633 625' 633 
110 DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY. 1 '465' 354 1 '440' 456 1 '465' 354 1 '444' 981 
120 DEFENSE HUMAN RESOURCES ACTIVITY. 859' 923 868' 443 910,923 894' 443 
130 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY. 2,106,930 2' 095' 495 2 '046 '930 2,053,295 
150 DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES AGENCY. 27 '403 27' 403 27 '403 27' 403 
160 DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY. 379' 275 371 '333 397' 775 381 '333 
170 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY. 207 '537 207' 537 217,537 217,537 
180 DEFENSE POW /MISSING PERSONS OFFICE. 130' 696 160' 696 130' 696 160' 696 
190 DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY. 754,711 496' 264 686' 744 663' 969 
200 DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE .. 789,175 737' 996 772,816 774' 339 
220 DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY SECURITY AGENCY. 34' 951 34' 951 34,951 34' 951 
230 DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY. 553' 329 553' 329 545' 840 545' 840 
250 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY. 2' 892' 284 2' 877' 334 2 '855' 239 2' 840' 289 
Insert offset folio 778/458 here EH091318.047(In thousands of dollars) 
260 MISSILE DEFENSE AGENCY,. 499,817 473' 667 499,817 473,667 
280 OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT. 70 '035 59' 535 70' 035 59' 714 
290 OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE. ,519,655 1,517,655 1,547,883 1 '541 '602 
300 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND. 97 '787 102,787 99 '787 102,787 
310 WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES. 456 '407 414,696 454' 727 422' 616 
IMPACT AID .............. . 40' 000 40' 000 40' 000 
IMPACT AID FOR CHILDREN WITH DISABILITIES. 10,000 10 '000 10' 000 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, DEFENSE WIDE .... 36' 352 '625 35' 566' 602 35 '662' 783 35 '613' 354 
Insert offset folio 778/459 here EH091318.048EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF 430,215 425,215 430,995 423,495 Historical underexecution 
Program increase operational logistics exercise 2,500 elements Civilian FTE pricing 
Other operations tactical local area network 3,596 18,150 3,700 Other 
requested transfer to P ,OW line 64 13,735 5,477 
SOCOM requested transfer to P,DW line 68 8,974 8,974 Base support 
8PL1 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF 602,186 572,186 602,186 572,186 Unjustified growth 
3PL1 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF RECRUITING, AND OTHER 96,565 90,865 96,565 94,265 TRAINING AND EDUCATION 
3EV7 SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND I TRAINING AND 370,583 370,583 RECRUITING 370,583 372,583 Program increase Defense critical language and culture 
Program increase National Guard Youth Challenge 30,677 13,000 30,677 Program 
4GT6 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY 625,633 616,144 625,633 625,633 Fiscal year 2018 decrease not properly accounted 9,489 
4GTO DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY 1,465,354 1,440,456 1,465,354 1,444,981 Unjustified growth 
Fiscal year 2018 decrease not properly accounted 20,000 20,000 
DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS AGENCY 2,106,930 2,095,495 2,046,930 2,053,295 Fiscal 
requested transfer to ROTE,DW line 215Federal 16,000 Investigative Services Information Technology 4GTB 
DEFENSE LOGISTICS AGENCY 379,275 371,333 397,775 381,333 Unjustified growth 25,717 25,717 Program increase Procurement Technical Assistance Program 17,775 
AM2 airfield landing matting 10,000 10,000 ES18 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY 207,537 207,537 
4GTC DEFENSE POW/MIA ACCOUNTING AGENCY 130,696 160,696 130,696 160,696 
4GTD DEFENSE SECURITY COOPERATION AGENCY 754,711 496,264 686,744 663,969 Defense Institution Reform Initiative program reduction 
HQ FTE overestimation 4,225 Excess growth not to be reduced from audit readiness 
SE Asia Maritime Security Initiative program reduction 48,242 13,742 13,742 
4GTE DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE 789,175 737,996 772,816 774,339 WCF early to need 
OF DEFENSE EDUCATION ACTIVITY 2,892,284 2,877,334 2,855,239 2,840,289 Fiscal year 
2018 decrease not properly accounted 16,250 16,250 Funding ahead of need 
OFFICE OF ECONOMIC ADJUSTMENT 70,035 59,535 70,035 59,714 Infrastructure improvements program decrease 
Program increase CDC water contamination study and 10,000 10,000 assessment Program increase 
Program increase Defense Environmental International 1,000 Cooperations Program increase 
Program increase Readiness and Environmental 10,000 10,000 Protection Initiative Civilian personnel unjustified 
WASHINGTON HEADQUARTERS SERVICES 456,407 414,696 454,727 422,616 Fiscal year 
IMPACT AID FOR CHILDREN WITH DISABILITIES 10,000 10,000 10,000 
SECURITY ASSISTANCE PROGRAMS  The conferees recognize and appreciate the efforts made in the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017 and the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019 to reform several programs that provide security assistance to international partners. Changes have touched on several Department of Defense programs, including the Coalition Support Fund, border security programs, and building partner capacity/security cooperation programs. While largely supportive of these efforts, the conferees are concerned that confusion exists, within the Department of Defense and among recipient countries, about the remaining disparate and stillchanging authorities. The conferees are also concerned with the lack of stability, transparency, and fungibility of funds appropriated for security assistance activities and believe that changes may be needed in various appropriations to ensure that appropriate levels of funding are provided for each newly authorized or modified program. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to conduct a review of security assistance programs, including, but not limited to, security cooperation programs authorized in Section 333 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017, border security assistance programs authorized by Section 1226 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016 as modified, and the Coalition Support Fund authorized by Section 1223 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2008 as modified. The review should include a survey of Department of Defense security assistance requirements of each combatant command and a study of whether existing authorities are sufficient to meet the security assistance needs of the Department of Defense, including whether funding limitations inhibit security assistance requirements. The conferees direct that the results of the review be submitted to Congress with the fiscal year 2020 budget request submission, and include proposals for any needed modifications to security assistance authorities and appropriations funding levels or language. The conferees further direct the Director of the Defense Security Cooperation Agency, in conjunction with the geographic combatant commanders, to provide a spend plan for fiscal year 2019, by combatant command, for security assistance funding to the congressional defense committees not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act. The spend plan should be provided in a form that compares the plans for both the base and overseas contingency operations requests and provides an annual comparison for the preceding five years. A similar plan shall be provided outlining fiscal year 2020 requirements concurrent with the submission of the fiscal year 2020 budget request. 
BACKGROUND INVESTIGATIONS  The Administration has announced plans to wholly transfer the National Background Investigations Bureau (NBIB) to the Department of Defense. The conferees expect the Department of Defense will use the existing NBIB skilled workforce as part of the plan to maintain continuity and to support a successful transition of services. The conferees recognize the importance of this workforce in reducing the backlog of investigations and in establishing new processes for streamlining the current system. 
DEFENSE SECURITY SERVICE  The Defense Security Service (DSS) is preparing to accept responsibility for all civilian and defense agency background investigations. The conferees note with concern that DSS provided multiple and amended budget documents during the fiscal year 2019 budget cycle, which indicate changing plans and corresponding budget requirements. The conferees expect that DSS will improve its resource planning to ensure future budget requests support a consistent strategy. The conferees direct the Director of DSS to provide quarterly execution briefings to the congressional defense committees on activities related to background investigations during fiscal year 2019. COMMEMORATING THE ANNIVERSARY OF THE  
END OF WORLD WAR II  The United States will celebrate the occasion of the seventyfifth anniversary of the end of World War II in 2020. In order to honor the nation’s veterans, educate the public, and recognize the contributions of the home front and allies during the war, the conferees urge the Secretary of Defense to evaluate ways in which the Department can support the commemoration, to include providing resources for related activities. 
CYBERSPACE SOLARIUM COMMISSION  Section 1652 of the John S. McCain National Defense Act for Fiscal Year 2019 establishes the Cyberspace Solarium Commission to develop a consensus on a strategic approach to defending the United States in cyberspace against cyber attacks of significant consequences. The conferees encourage the Secretary of Defense to provide the resources necessary to support this effort. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY RESERVE  The agreement provides $2,781,402,000 for Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve, as follows: 
Insert graphic folio 778/467 here EH091318.052OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY RESERVE 
For Operation and Maintenance, Army Reserve, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows· 
10 MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES ..... >' •••• '' •• '.'' 13,867 9,867 13,867 9,867 
20 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADES .. 536,438 516,438 536,438 516,438 
30 THEATER LEVEL ASSETS ... ' .. ' ... ' ' ' ' . . ' ' . . . . . 113,225 113,225 113,225 113,225 
40 LAND FORCES OPERATIONS SUPPORT. . ' . . . ' ' ' . ' ' . ' .. ' .. ' 551,141 551 '141 537' 141 537' 141 
50 AVIATION ASSETS., .. ' .. ' ........ ' '.'' ' ... ' 89,073 84,073 89,073 84,073 
60 FORCES READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT, , ............ , .... 409,531 409,531 392,531 392,531 
70 LAND FORCES SYSTEM READINESS .. ' ... ' .... ' ' .. ' ' .. '. 101,411 101,411 101,411 101 '411 
80 DEPOT MAINTENANCE. ........ ' .. ' ..... ' '.' 60,114 50' 114 60,114 50' 114 
90 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT ... ' .... '.' .. ' ''.' .. ' ..... '' 595,728 577' 728 579,728 577' 728 
100 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .. 304,658 344,658 304,658 304,658 
110 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONS HEADQUARTERS. . ' ..... ' 22' 175 22' 175 22' 175 22' 175 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ..... 2,797,361 2,780,361 2,750' 361 2,709,361 
120 SERVICEWIDE TRANSPORTATION. . .......... . 11 '832 11 '832 11 '832 11 '832 
130 ADMINISTRATION .. ,. 18,218 18' 218 18,218 18,218 
140 SERVICEWIDE COMMUNICATIONS .......... . 25,069 25,069 25,069 25,069 
160 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING .... 58,181 58' 181 58' 181 58' 181 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 ............. . 119,548 119,548 119,548 119' 548 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY RESERVE. 2,916,909 2' 877' 402 2,854,909 2,781,402 
Insert graphic folio 778/468 here EH091318.053EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
113 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADES 536,438 516,438 536,438 516,438 Fiscal year 
Fiscal year 2018 decrease not properly accounted 5,000 5,000 
121 FORCES READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT 409,531 409,531 392,531 392,531 Unjustified growth 
Fiscal year 2018 decrease not properly accounted 10,000 10,000 
FTE TARGETS 15,000 15,000 RESTORE READINESS 10,000 HISTORICAL UNOBLIGATION 32,507 32,507 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , NAVYRESERVE  The agreement provides $1,018,006,000 for Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve, as follows: 
Insert graphic folio 778/470 here EH091318.054OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY RESERVE 
For Operation and Maintenance, Navy Reserve, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
80 COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES. 121 '070 119,030 118,070 118,070 
100 ENTERPRISE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY ..... . 23,964 23,964 23,964 23,964 
110 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 36,356 52,356 36,356 36,356 
120 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ........ . 103,562 103,562 103,562 103,562 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 .......... . 1 '009' 112 1,000,072 1 '000. 112 1. 000' 112 
130 ADMINISTRATION. . ......... . 1 '868 1. 868 1 '868 1 '868 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 ............ . 17,894 17,894 17,894 17,894 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY RESERVE ..... . 1,027,006 1,019,966 1,018,006 1,018,006 
Insert graphic folio 778/471 here EH091318.055EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
Fiscal year 2018 decrease not properly accounted Unjustified growth 1 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS  RESERVE  The agreement provides $271,570,000 for Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve, as follows: 
Insert graphic folio 778/473 here EH091318.056OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS RESERVE 
For Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps Reserve, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
10 OPERATING FORCES .......... . 99' 173 99. 173 99' 173 99,173 
20 DEPOT MAINTENANCE ....... . 19,430 19,430 19,430 19,430 
30 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT. RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION 39,962 47,962 39,962 39,962 
40 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT .. 101.829 101.829 101,829 101 '829 
TOTAL. BUDGET ACTIVITY 1 ............. . 260,394 268,394 260,394 260,394 
60 ADMINISTRATION.. . ............ . 11 ,176 11,176 11 '176 11 ,176 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 ..... 11 '176 11,176 11.176 11,176 
TOTAL, OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, MARINE CORPS RESERVE 271 '570 281.570 271,570 271,570 
Insert graphic folio 778/474 here EH091318.057EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE  RESERVE  The agreement provides $3,191,734,000 for Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve, as follows: 
Insert graphic folio 778/476 here EH091318.058OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE RESERVE 
For Operation and Maintenance, Air Force Reserve, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
10 PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES ......... . 1,853,437 1,788,437 1,803,437 1,803,437 
20 MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS ... 205,369 205,369 205,369 205,369 
40 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .. 120,736 136,736 123,536 120,736 
50 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT. 241 '239 241,239 284,239 232,239 
60 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ... 385,922 385,922 385,922 385,922 
70 ADMINISTRATION .......... . 71 '188 71 '188 71 '188 71 '188 
80 RECRUITING AND ADVERTISING ... 19,429 18,429 19,429 18,429 
90 MILITARY MANPOWER AND PERSONNEL MANAGEMENT .... 9,386 9,386 9,386 9,386 
100 OTHER PERSONNEL SUPPORT ..... . 7,512 7,512 7,512 7,512 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE RESERVE. 3,260,234 3,212,234 3,247,534 3' 191 '734 
Insert graphic folio 778/477 here EH091318.059EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
Projected underexecution 15,000 50,000 50,000 011R FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION 
241,239 241,239 284,239 232,239 Program decrease not properly accounted 
Fiscal year 2018 decrease not properly accounted 1,000 1,000 RESTORE READINESS 2,000 DECREASE UNACCOUNTED FOR 8,500 8,500 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , ARMY NATIONAL GUARD  The agreement provides $7,118,831,000 for Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/479 here EH091318.060OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY NATIONAL GUARD 
For Operation and Maintenance, Army National Guard, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4., ...... ,, ......... , .. ,, .. 
TOTAL, OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, ARMY NATIONAL GUARD. (In thousands of dollars) 
31.881 31,881 31,881 31.881 973,874 973,874 973,874 973.874 784,086 785,586 765,286 766,786 
1,129,942 1 .114. 942 1 , 108.942 1.108, 942 
Insert offset folio 778/480 here EH091318.061EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
Training excess growth 11 '169 11 '169 Transportation excess growth 
Program increase training and operational support of the southwest border 
121 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT 784,086 785,586 765,286 766,786 
Program decrease not properly accounted 15,000 25,000 25,000 Program 
133 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL HEADQUARTERS 1,010,524 1,002,059 1,010,524 1,002,059 
Fiscal year 2018 decrease not properly accounted 5,000 5,000 
UNJUSTIFIED GROWTH 88,000 88,000 WILDFIRE TRAINING 5,950 1,000 RESTORE READINESS 20,000 HISTORICAL UNOBLIGATION ·110,725 110,725 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRNATIONAL  GUARD  The agreement provides $6,420,697,000 for Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/482 here EH091318.062OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR NATIONAL GUARD 
For Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
40 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION .. 303,792 343,792 309,292 309,292 
50 CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM SUPPORT ..... 1 '061 '759 1,061 '759 1,061 '759 1 '061 '759 
60 BASE OPERATING SUPPORT ......... . 988,333 988,333 1,023,633 1,004,633 
70 ADMINISTRATION ............ . 45,711 45,711 45,711 45' 711 
TOTAL, BUDGET ACTIVITY 4 ......... . 82,246 82,246 82,246 82,246 
TOTAL, OPERATION & MAINTENANCE, AIR NATIONAL GUARD .. 6,427,622 6,438,162 6,433,747 6,420,697 
Insert offset folio 778/483 here EH091318.063EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
Program increase  State Partnership Program Program decrease not properly accounted Program increase 
Program increase Air National Guard readiness ranges Program increaseadvanced trauma training program Program increase Air National Guard preventative mental health program 
Air National Guardrequested transfer for environmental projects from Environmental Restoration, Air Force account Program increase cold weather aviation systems Program 
BUYBACK THREE PMAI JSTARS AIRCRAFT WILDFIRE TRAINING Budget Request House 
UNITED STATES COURT OF APPEALS FOR THE  ARMED FORCES  The agreement provides $14,662,000 for the United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , ARMY The agreement provides $235,809,000, an increase of $32,360,000 above the budget request, for Environmental Restoration, Army. Specifically, $7,360,000 is provided as a general program increase and $25,000,000 is provided to address costs associated with remediating contamination caused by perfluorinated chemicals. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , NAVY The agreement provides $365,883,000, an increase of $36,630,000 above the budget request, for Environmental Restoration, Navy. Specifically, $7,500,000 is provided as a general program increase and $29,130,000 is provided to address costs associated with remediating contamination, including activities related to contamination caused by perfluorinated chemicals. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , AIRFORCE  The agreement provides $365,808,000, an increase of $69,000,000 above the budget request, for Environmental Restoration, Air Force. An increase of $80,000,000 is provided to address costs associated with remediating contamination caused by perfluorinated chemicals. The adjustment also includes a transfer of $11,000,000 to Operation and Maintenance, Air National Guard for execution. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , DEFENSE WIDE The agreement provides $19,002,000, an increase of $10,076,000 above the budget request, for Environmental Restoration, DefenseWide. ENVIRONMENTAL RESTORATION , FORMERLY  USEDDEFENSE SITES The agreement provides $248,673,000, an increase of $36,327,000 above the budget request, for Environmental Restoration, Formerly Used Defense Sites. OVERSEAS HUMANITARIAN , DISASTER , AND CIVICAID The agreement provides $117,663,000, an increase of $10,000,000 above the budget request, for Overseas Humanitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid. Specifically, $10,000,000 is provided as a program increase for the Humanitarian Mine Action Program, of which $7,000,000 is for activities in Southeast Asia. COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT  The agreement provides $350,240,000 for the Cooperative Threat Reduction Account, as follows: 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget Request House Senate Conference 
TOTAL, COOPERATIVE THREAT REDUCTION ACCOUNT ... 335,240 350,240 335,240 350,240 
DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION  WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND The agreement provides $450,000,000 for the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, as follows: EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget Request House Senate Conference 
TOTAL, DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE ACQUISITION WORKFORCE DEVELOPMENT FUND ......... 400,000 397,900 552,000 450,000 
DEVELOPMENT FUND REPORTING REQUIREMENTS  The conferees reaffirm the reporting requirements pertaining to the Department of Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund, as specified in Senate Report 115–290 and further direct the Under Secretary of Defense (Acquisition and Sustainment) to submit, with the fiscal year 2020 budget request, any unfunded requirements for the Department of Defense acquisition workforce, if applicable. TITLE III—PROCUREMENT The agreement provides $135,362,619,000 in Title III, Procurement, as follows: 
For Procurement, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
TOTAL, ARMY. , ...... , ....... , , ... , .. , .... , , , ....... , . 
SPACE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , , , ..... , ........ , , 
AMMUNITION. . ...... , .... , . . . , .... . 
OTHER. . .............. , . , .... , .. . 
ACCOUNTS  The Secretary of Defense is directed to continue to follow the reprogramming guidance as specified in the report accompanying the House version of the Department of Defense Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2008 (House Report 110–279). Specifically, the dollar threshold for reprogramming funds shall remain at $20,000,000 for procurement and $10,000,000 for research, development, test and evaluation. Also, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) is directed to continue to provide the congressional defense committees quarterly, spreadsheetbased DD Form 1416 reports for Service and defensewide accounts in titles III and IV of this Act. Reports for titles III and IV shall comply with the guidance specified in the explanatory statement accompanying the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2006. The Department shall continue to follow the limitation that prior approval reprogrammings are set at either the specified dollar threshold or 20 percent of the procurement or research, development, test and evaluation line, whichever is less. These thresholds are cumulative from the base for reprogramming value as modified by any adjustments. Therefore, if the combined value of transfers into or out of a procurement (P–1) or research, development, test and evaluation (R– 1) line exceeds the identified threshold, the Secretary of Defense must submit a prior approval reprogramming to the congressional defense committees. In addition, guidelines on the application of prior approval reprogramming procedures for congressional special interest items are established elsewhere in this statement. FUNDING INCREASES  The funding increases outlined in these tables shall be provided only for the specific purposes indicated in the tables. 
PROCUREMENT SPECIAL INTEREST ITEMS  Items for which additional funds have been provided as shown in the project level tables or in paragraphs using the phrase ‘‘only for’’ or ‘‘only to’’ in the explanatory statement are congressional special interest items for the purpose of the Base for Reprogramming (DD Form 1414). Each of these items must be carried on the DD Form 1414 at the stated amount as specifically addressed in the explanatory statement. AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , ARMY The agreement provides $4,299,566,000 for Aircraft Procurement, Army, as follows: 
For Aircraft Procurement, Army, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
3 MQ1 UAV ..... . . . . . ' . . . . . . . . . ' 43,326 103,326 40,226 103,326 
4 RQ11 (RAVEN). '' '.''' ... ' .... ' 46,416 46,416 46,416 46,416 
6 UH72 LAKOTA LIGHT UTILITY HELICOPTER . ' .... ' 34,000 34,000 
7 AH64 APACHE BLOCK IliA REMAN. '' .... '. '.' 753,248 672,975 753,248 753,248 
8 AH64 APACHE BLOCK IliA REMAN (APCY). 174,550 174,550 174,550 174,550 
9 AH64 APACHE BLOCK IIIB NEW BUILD. 284,687 452,687 1 '004' 687 452,687 
10 AH 64 APACHE BLOCK IIIB NEW BUILD (APCY). 58,600 58,600 58,600 58,600 
11 UH60 BLACKHAWK (MYP). ' .... ' ... '. 988,810 1,144,810 1,308,310 1 '137' 575 12 
UH60 BLACKHAWK (MYP) (APCY) ........ 106' 150 106' 150 106' 150 106' 150 
13 UH60 BLACKHAWK A AND L MODELS. ' .... '' .. ' .. '.' ' ..... ' 146' 138 97' 198 150' 138 148' 138 14 
CH47 HELICOPTER. ... '' .... ' ...... ' .... '.' ... '. '. 99,278 99,278 99,278 99,278 
    TOTAL, AIRCRAFT. ' .. '. ' ...... ' ..... ' ..... ' '. 2,726,182 3,011,512 3,784,482 3' 153.390 
18 UNIVERSAL GROUND CONTROL EQUIPMENT ........... '' ''' '' '. 27' 114 27' 114 27' 114 27,114 
19 GRAY EAGLE MODS2. '' '.' '' .. ' ' .... ' ...... ' .... ' '. ' ... ' '' 97,781 97,781 97,781 97,781 
21 AH64 MODS. '' .. ' '. ' .. ' ........... ' ' .. ' .. ' 104,996 104,996 104,996 104,996 
23 GRCS SEMA MODS (MIP). ... ' ... ' ... '' 5,573 5,573 5,573 5,573 
24 ARL SEMA MODS (MIP) .. .. '' ' .. ' ''. ' ... '. 7,522 7,522 7,522 7,522 
Insert offset folio 778/494 here EH091318.06625 EMARSS SEMA MODS (MIP). 
1 '417 1 '417 1 '417 1 '901 1 '901 1 '901 
Insert offset folio 778/495 here EH091318.067EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
6 HELICOPTER, LIGHT UTILITY (LUH) 0 34,000 0 34,000 
7 AH64 APACHE BLOCK lilA REMAN 753,248 672,975 753,248 753,248 
9 AH64 APACHE BLOCK IIIB NEW BUILD 284,687 452,687 1,004,687 452,687 
Program increase six aircraft for the Army National Guard 168,000 720,000 168,000 
11 UH60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL 988,810 1,137,575 1,308,310 1,137,575 
Airframe unit cost savings from multiyear procurement contract 7,235 7,235 Program increase 
eight aircraft for the Army National Guard 156,000 319,500 156,000 
13 UH60 BLACKHAWK A AND L MODELS 146,138 97,198 150,138 148,138 
20 MUL Tl SENSOR ABN RECON 52,274 66,274 52,274 66,274 
22 CH47 CARGO HELICOPTER MODS 7,807 27,807 27,807 27,807 
28 NETWORK AND MISSION PLAN 123,614 112,746 123,614 118,614 
Aviation mission planning system ECP cost growth 5,000 2,500 
MISSILE PROCUREMENT , ARMY The agreement provides $3,145,256,000 for Missile Procurement, Army, as follows: 
For Missile Procurement, Army, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) ............ . 
TOTAL, MODIFICATION OF MISSILES .... (In thousands of dollars) 
Insert offset folio 778/499 here EH091318.070(In thousands of dollars) 
23 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS. .. ''.'. '.' '' ... '.''' 27,737 27,737 27,737 27,737 
24 AIR DEFENSE TARGETS ...... '.' .. ' ' ... ' .. 6,417 6,417 6,417 6, 417 25 
PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT ............... ''' .. '' ... ''' 1,202 1 '202 1 '202 1 '202 
TOTAL, SUPPORT EQUIPMENT AND FACILITIES .......... . 7,619 7,619 7,619 7,619 
TOTAL, MISSILE PROCUREMENT, ARMY .......... . 3' 355' 777 3,074,502 3,160,597 3,145' 256 
Insert offset folio 778/500 here EH091318.071EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
3 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 21 145,636 141,918 145,636 145,636 
4 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION CAPABILITY INC 21 (AP) 31,286 0 27,586 31,286 
6 JOINT AIR TO GROUND MISSILE (JAGM) 276,462 248,862 276,462 256,462 
CLU previously funded in fiscal year 2018 84,000 86,500 86,500 
9 TOW 2 SYSTEM SUMMARY 105,014 102,014 102,113 99,113 
11 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET (GMLRS) 359,613 318,642 355,859 354,088 
PROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED  COMBAT VEHICLES , ARMY The agreement provides $4,486,402,000 for Procurement of Weapons and Tracked Combat Vehicles, Army, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/502 here EH091318.072PROCUREMENT OF WEAPONS AND TRACKED COMBAT VEHICLES {W&TCV) , ARMY 
For Procurement of W&TCV, Army, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
18 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN {7.62MM) .............. , ...... . 
19 MULTI ROLE ANTIARMOR ANTI PERSONNEL WEAPON .......... . 
Insert offset folio 778/503 here EH091318.073MOD OF WEAPONS AND OTHER COMBAT VEH 
41 SMALL ARMS EQUIPMENT (SOLDIER ENH PRDG) .............. . 
Insert offset folio 778/504 here EH091318.074EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
2 ARMORED MUL Tl PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) 479,801 448,653 478,606 447,458 
Contract savings from combined lot awards 31 '148 31 '148 Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 
Army requested transfer to line 5 149,390 149,390 149,390 
Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 5,799 5,799 Revised DVH strategy 
Army requested transfer from line 4 149,390 149,390 149,390 
BFVS A4 modification cost growth 68,615 Revised A4 acquisition strategy 
8 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) 351,802 502,602 458,902 458,902 
14 M1 ABRAMS TANK (MOD) 927,600 927,600 925,041 925,041 
18 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN 1,955 1,955 14,455 14,455 
20 GUN AUTOMATIC 30MM M230 7,434 7,434 0 0 
23 XM320 GRENADE LAUNCHER MODULE 697 697 18,197 18,197 
26 SMALL ARMS FIRE CONTROL 7,929 7,929 0 0 
32 M2 50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS 21,600 21,600 14,178 14,178 Prior year carryover 7,422 7,422 36 M119 
STRYKER DOUBLE V HULL  Following the submission of the fiscal year 2019 budget request, the Chief of Staff of the Army approved an Army Requirements Oversight Counsel (AROC) decision to upgrade and pure fleet all FlatBottom Hull (FBH) Stryker combat vehicles to the Double V Hull A1 variant (DVHA1) in an effort to improve troop survivability and mobility. The Army’s fiscal year 2019 budget request includes $21,900,000 to upgrade three FBH Stryker vehicles to DVHA1 variants. Subsequent to the AROC decision, the Army requested a funding transfer of $149,390,000 to fund additional conversions. With the transfer, the Army can resource 53 DVHA1 conversions totaling $171,290,000. The conferees have also included a congressional adjustment of $94,000,000 for 29 additional conversions. The conferees note that there is a fiscal year 2018 reprogramming request to repurpose $285,000,000 of congressionally directed funding for 91 DVHA1 conversions. If the reprogramming action is approved by the congressional defense committees, the Army will have sufficient resources to fund conversions for half the vehicles in a Stryker Brigade Combat Team (SBCT), which is the Army’s optimal rate of modernization. The conferees support the netzero fiscal year 2019 transfer request, reprogramming action, and additional funding for DVHA1 conversions. However, the conferees are concerned that the Army decision on Stryker modifications are not being synchronized with the budget cycle, are currently under resourced, and have been subject to sudden change. The conferees direct the Secretary of the Army to submit a report outlining the revised acquisition strategy for Stryker vehicles, to include a resourcing strategy for funding Stryker DVHA1 conversion at a rate of onehalf of a SBCT per year, an explanation of Stryker lethality requirements, an acquisition and resourcing strategy for fielding required lethality modifications, and an explanation and cost estimate for any validated requirements for Stryker modifications. This report shall be submitted to the congressional defense committees not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act. This language replaces the language under the heading ‘‘Stryker’’ in House Report 115– 769 and under the heading ‘‘Army Stryker DoubleV Hull A1’’ in Senate Report 115–290. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , ARMY The agreement provides $2,276,330,000 for Procurement of Ammunition, Army, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/509 here EH091318.076PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, ARMY 
For Procurement of Ammunition, Army, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES ......... . 41,848 41,848 41,848 41 ,848 
4 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES ... 65,573 65,573 65,573 65,573 
5 CTG, 20MM, ALL TYPES .... 8' 198 8' 198 8' 198 8' 198 
7 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES .. 77,995 60,617 77' 995 60,617 
11 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES ... 83,003 83,003 82,853 82,853 
12 CTG TANK 1 05MM AND 120MM: ALL TYPES. .. .. . ........... . 168,101 168,101 151 '901 151 ,901 
13 CTG. ARTY, 75MM AND 105MM: ALL TYPES ............ . 39,341 39,341 34,673 34,673 
14 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES .............. . 211,442 211 '442 221,442 221,442 
15 PROJ 155MM EXTENDED RANGE XM982. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 100,906 100,906 100,906 100,906 
16 ARTILLERY PROPELLANTS, FUZES AND PRIMERS, ALL TYPES ... 236' 677 219,617 206' 677 206 '677 
18 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, All TYPES .............. . 4,503 29,503 4,503 9,503 
19 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, All TYPES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 211,211 241 '211 229,761 235,711 
Insert offset folio 778/511 here EH091318.078EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
CTG,HANDGUN,ALLTYPES 20,158 20,158 19,159 19,159 Requirement previously funded for 
10 81MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES 46,853 46,853 47,403 47,403 
11 120MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES 83,003 83,003 82,853 82,853 
LAP unit cost growth for 120MM HE M933 150 150 
12 CARTRIDGES, TANK, 105MM AND 120MM, ALL TYPES 168,101 168,101 151,901 151,901 
13 ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 75MM AND 105MM, ALL TYPE 39,341 39,341 34,673 34,673 Requirement previously funded for 
ARTILLERY CARTRIDGES, 155MM, ALL TYPES 211,442 211,442 221,442 221,442 M795 Army requested realignment 
17 MINES & CLEARING CHARGES, ALL TYPES 15,905 15,905 15,005 15,005 
18 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES 4,503 29,503 4,503 9,503 Program 
19 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES 211,211 241,211 241,211 235,711 
20 CAO/PAD, ALL TYPES 10,428 10,428 8,928 8,928 Forward financing 
26 NONLETHAL AMMUNITION, ALL TYPES 4,310 4,310 2,810 2,810 
OTHER PROCUREMENT , ARMY The agreement provides $7,844,691,000 for Other Procurement, Army, as follows: 
For Other Procurement, Army, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
21 TACTICAL NETWORK TECHNOLOGY MOD IN SERVICE ........... . 
27 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDE BAND SAT COM SYSTEMS ........... . 
38 HANDHELD MANPACK SMALL FORM FIT (HMS) ......... . 
FAMILY OF MED COMM FOR COMBAT CASUALTY CARE ...... . 
INSIDER THREAT PROGRAM UNIT ACTIVITY MONITOR ....... . 58 
62 HOME STATION MISSION COMMAND CENTERS (MSMCC) ....... . 
63 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD PROGRAM ......... . Budget 20,500 
2' 187 2. 187 2' 187 9,411 9,411 9,411 
Insert offset folio 778/516 here EH091318.082(In thousands of dollars) 
66 JTT/CIBS M (MIP)..... . ...... . 10,268 9,027 10,268 9,027 
69 JOINT TACTICAL GROUND STATION (JTAGS) ....... . 5,434 5,434 5,434 5,434 
70 TROJAN (MIP) .......... . 20,623 20,623 20,623 20,623 
71 MOD OF IN SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) (MIP) .............. . 45,998 45,998 45,998 45,998 
72 CI HUMINT AUTO REPRTING AND COLL(CHARCS)(MIP) ........ . 296 296 296 296 
76 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MIP) 410 410 410 410 
77 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR RADAR ........... . 9' 165 6' 107 9' 165 6' 107 
78 EW PLANNING AND MANAGEMENT TOOLS ............ . 5,875 5,875 5,875 5,875 
81 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAP. (MIP) ......... . 1 '585 82 
84 SENTINEL MODS ........... . 79,629 79,629 77' 752 77 '752 
85 NIGHT VISION DEVICES ..... 153' 180 150,488 155,680 152,988 
87 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF ........ . 22,882 21 '178 22,882 21 '178 
90 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS ...... . 46,740 70,435 6,740 40,435 
91 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) .... 140,737 140,737 125,513 125,513 
94 JOINT BATTLE COMMAND PLATFORM (JBCP) .... 405,239 371,939 383,691 383,691 
95 JOINT EFFECTS TARGETING SYSTEM (JETS) .. 66,574 66,574 66,574 66,574 
96 MOD OF INSERVICE EQUIPMENT (LLDR) ... 20,783 20,783 20,783 20,783 
97 COMPUTER BALLISTICS: LHMBC XM32 ..... 8,553 8,553 8,553 8,553 
98 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEM .......... . 21,489 21,489 21 '489 21 '489 
Insert offset folio 778/517 here EH091318.083ELECT EQUIP TACTICAL C2 SYSTEMS 
102 AIR & MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS (AMD .. 
118 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SURVEYING EQUIPMENT) ..... . 
129 GROUND STANDOFF MINE DETECTION SYSTEM (GSTAMIDS) ..... . 
137 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M, COUNTERMINE EQUIPMENT ........... . 138 
CARGO AERIAL DEL & PERSONNEL PARACHUTE SYSTEM ........ . 147 
148 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (ENG SPT) ..... Budget 2,314 
145 64,438 55,145 50,651 78,892 55,392 8,471 8,471 8,471 29,883 27,666 27.666 
153 ITEMS LESS THAN $5.0M (MAINT EQ) .............. . 
155 SCRAPERS, EARTHMOVING ........ , ...... , ........ . 156 
167 TACTICAL ELECTRIC POWER RECAPITALIZATION .......... , .. . 
1 '770 23,397 35,635 26,471 65,238 77,752 85,238 37,722 
7,961 7,961 7,961 1 '355 1 '355 1 '355 
174 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) .... . 175 
Insert offset folio 778/521 here EH091318.087EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
4 GROUND MOBILITY VEHICLE (GMV) 46,988 42,695 46,988 42,695 
Unit cost growth 756 756 Fielding excess growth 3,537 
5 ARNG HMMWV MODERNIZATION PROGRAM 0 100,000 0 100,000 
6 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE 1,319,436 1,287,400 1,302,473 1,279,437 
7 TRUCK, DUMP, 20T (CCE) 6,480 5,061 6,480 5,061 
Unit cost growth 285 285 Documentation unjustified request 1,134 
8 FAMILY OF MEDIUM TACTICAL VEHICLE (FMTV) 132,882 123,464 132,882 123,464 
Unit cost growth 6,138 6,138 LMTV program management excess growth 
10 FAMILY OF HEAVY TACTICAL VEHICLES (FHTV) 138,105 122,692 121,691 121,497 
HET contractor logistics support excess growth 15,413 15,413 CLS 
Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 1 '195 1 '195 
14 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP 78,507 78,507 75,265 75,265 
equipment funded in fiscal year 2018 41,000 41,000 41,000 
Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 2,900 2,900 TROPO 
21 TACTICAL NETWORK TECHNOLOGY MOD IN SERVICE 469,117 598,367 430,775 568,367 
Program increase TCNL and NOSCL equipment for SBCTs 56,000 56,000 
Program increase next generation embedded kits for IBCTs 79,000 79,000 
27 DEFENSE ENTERPRISE WIDEBAND SATCOM SYSTEMS 108,133 91,686 108,133 97,633 
Enterprise wideband satellite terminal MET hardware unjustified request 6,361 
Enterprise wideband sat payload control system support costs excess to need 
31 GLOBAL BRDCST SVC GBS 25,647 19,472 25,647 19,472 
38 HANDHELD MANPACK SMALL FORM FIT (HMS) 351,565 299,965 298,475 298,475 
SFAB equipment funded in fiscal year 2018 51,600 51,591 51,591 
44 SPIDER FAMILY OF NETWORKED MUNITIONS 17,515 13,345 17,515 13,345 
SFAB equipment funded in fiscal year 2018 128,000 128,000 128,000 
Inline network encryptors unit cost growth 10,474 10,474 Secure 
voice unit cost growth 12,283 12.283 Key management infrastructure program management excess growth 7,975 
58 PERSISTENT CYBER TRAINING ENVIRONMENT 3,000 3,000 0 3,000 
59 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS 34,434 51,434 32,557 49,557 Program increaseUSAEUR land mobile radios 17,000 17,000 
60 INFORMATION SYSTEMS 95,558 79,823 81,609 71,314 Information systems (MCA support) 5,295 5,295 Information systems 
62 (MSMCC) 24,479 0 24,479 24,479 Early to need 24,479 
63 PROGRAM 216,433 186,508 174,938 186,433 Excess hardware growth 29,925 
68 DC GSA 261,863 261,863 253,954 253,954 Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 
77 LIGHTWEIGHT COUNTER MORTAR RADAR 9,165 6,107 9,165 6,107 
81 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAP (MIP} 0 0 1,585 0 Program 
84 SENTINEL MOOS 79,629 79,629 77,752 77,752 Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 1,877 1,877 
85 NIGHT VISION DEVICES 153,180 150,488 155,680 152,988 Laser target locators unit cost savings 2,692 2,692 Program increase 
87 SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF 22,882 21,178 22,882 21,178 
90 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS 46,740 70,435 6,740 40,435 
91 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS (FWS) 140,737 140,737 125,513 125,513 
JOINT BATTLE COMMAND PLATFORM (JBCP) 405,239 371,939 383,691 383,691 
SFAB equipment funded in fiscal year 2018 33,300 13,358 13,358 Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 
99 COUNTERFIRE RADARS 162,121 160,618 162,121 160,618 Hardware unit cost growth 
& MSL DEFENSE PLANNING & CONTROL SYS (AMDJ 33,837 33,837 29,913 29,913 Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 3,924 3,924 
System engineering excess growth 2,911 Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 3,242 3,242 
105 MANEUVER CONTROL SYSTEM (MCS) 38,015 38,015 29,144 29,144 Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 8,871 8,871 
107 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEM ARMY 29,239 29,239 0 16,800 
119 PRODUCTION BASE SUPPORT (CE) 506 506 15,506 15,506 
Program increase advanced manufacturing 15,000 15,000 120 BCT EMERGING TECHNOLOGIES 0 144,500 144,500 144,500 
122 FAMILY OF NONLETHAL EQUIPMENT (FNLE) 7,478 14,478 7,478 14,478 Program increase 
125 TACTICAL BRIDGING 98,229 97,719 81,729 81,219 Program management excess growth 
TACTICAL BRIDGE, FLOATRIBBON 64,438 55,145 64,438 55,145 Hardware unit cost growth 8,724 8,724 Bridge adapter pallet unit cost growth 569 569 127 
COMMON BRIDGE TRANSPORTER RECAP 79,916 50,651 78,892 55,392 CBT recap unit cost growth 25,298 
Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 1 ,024 1,024 
129 GROUND STANDOFF MINE DETECTION SYSTEM 29,883 29,883 27,666 27,666 Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 2,217 2,217 
130 AREA MINE DETECTION SYSTEM (AMIDS) 11,594 0 11,594 5,797 SREHD hardware contract award delay 11,594 5,797 
131 HUSKY MOUNTED DETECTION SYSTEM (HMOS) 40,834 28,607 40,834 35,834 Hardware unit cost growth 12,227 
133 EOD ROBOTICS SYSTEMS RECAPITALIZATION 14,208 13,118 18,826 17,736 
Ground robotics MTRS standardization Army requested transfer from RDT&E line 138 4,618 4,618 137 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (COUNTERMINE) 7,829 5,914 7,829 5,914 Hardware unit cost growth 1,915 
OF BOATS AND MOTORS 5,806 8,006 5,806 8,006 Program 
142 GROUNDSOLrnERSYSTEM 92,487 32,757 34,781 34,781 Hardware unit cost growth 
equipment funded in fiscal year 2018 56,000 56,000 56,000 
147 FAMILY OF ENGR COMBAT AND CONSTRUCTION SETS 17,173 17,173 15,978 15,978 Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 
AND WATER 39,730 23,397 35,635 26,471 Tank rack modules contract award delays 4,617 
Mobile tactical refueling system contract award delay 6,864 6,864 Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 
increase enhanced rotary wing medical kits 10,000 10,000 Program 
MOBILE MAINTENANCE EQUIPMENT SYSTEMS 37,722 37,722 34,479 34,479 Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 3,243 3,243 
160 ENHANCED RAPID AIRFIELD CONSTRUCTION CAPAP 980 8,480 980 8,480 Program 
161 CONST EQUIP ESP 37,017 35,125 35,652 33,760 HSC 
unit cost growth 1,892 1,892 Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 1,365 1,365 163 ARMY WATERCRAFT 
165 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIPMENT 133,772 131,772 133,772 133,772 
168 COMBAT TRAINING CENTERS SUPPORT 123,228 117,661 121,428 117,584 
174 INTEGRATED FAMILY OF TEST EQUIPMENT (IFTE) 76,295 76,295 72,542 72,542 Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 3,753 3,753 177 
RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 9,879 9,879 11,879 11,879 
178 PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEMS (OPA3) 54,043 50,395 51,484 47,836 
IDS hardware unit cost growth 3,648 3,648 Reimbursable to direct conversions unaccounted for 2,559 2,559 
180 MODIFICATION OF INSVC EQUIPMENT (OPA3) 49,797 46,189 49,797 46,189 Army watercraft systems installation early to need 
182 SPECIAL EQUIPMENT FOR USER TESTING 11,608 5,577 11,608 11,608 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , NAVY The agreement provides $20,092,199,000 for Aircraft Procurement, Navy, as follows: 
For Aircraft Procurement, Navy, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
FIA18EIF (FIGHTER) HORNET (MYP) ............... . 1,937,553 1,881,304 1 '852' 953 1,869,304 
2 F/A18EIF (FIGHTER) HORNET (MYP) (AP) .......... . 58,799 53,977 58,799 53' 977 
3 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV. 1 '144 '958 1,959,958 1 '885' 778 1,953,958 
4 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV (APCY) .. 140,010 140,010 140,010 140,010 
6 JSF STOVL (APCY) .... 228,492 228,492 228,492 228,492 
7 CH53K (HEAVY LIFT) 1 '113' 804 1,027,729 1 '022 '804 1,007,599 
8 CH53K (HEAVY LIFT) (APCY) .............. . 161 '079 161 '079 161,079 161.079 
9 V22 (MEDIUM LIFT) ... 806,337 982,337 1 '024' 337 982,337 
14 P8A POSEIDON ........... . 1,803,753 1 . 767' 179 1 ,755' 353 1 '761 '753 
15 P8A POSEIDON (APCY) ........... . 180,000 180,000 180,000 180,000 
TOTAL, COMBAT AIRCRAFT ............ . 11,728,769 13,060,269 12,902,091 13,006,745 
27 AEA SYSTEMS. . . ....... , . , , . , 
32 SH60 SERIES .......... , ....... , .. , 
39 C 130 SERIES ............ , ..... , . , , , , . , ........ . 
~ ~  ~  ~ ~ 1 '592' 964 1,605,353 1.604,927 
Insert offset folio 778/530 here EH091318.09544 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT. 
TOTAL, AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY .... (In thousands of dollars) 
42' 108 42' 108 42' 108 42' 108 1 
Insert offset folio 778/531 here EH091318.096EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
Production support and ILS previously funded 56,249 56,249 Unit cost savings 
2 F/A18E/F (FIGHTER) HORNET (MYP) (AP) 58,799 53,977 58,799 53,977 
3 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER CV 1,144,958 1,959,958 1,885,778 1,953,958 
increase four additional aircraft for the Navy 484,000 398,000 484,000 Program 
increase two additional aircraft for the Marine Corps 242,000 398,000 242,000 Program 
Other GFE excess growth 3,681 3,681 NRE excess growth 11,524 11,524 Support costs previously funded 45,378 
Field activities unjustified growth 25,492 Unjustified support cost growth 
increase four aircraft for the Navy 316,000 316,000 Program 
increase three aircraft for the Marine Corps funded in title IX 240,000 
10 V22 {MEDIUM LIFT) (APCY) 36,955 36,955 28,755 28,755 
Peculiar training equipment excess growth 29,919 Anticipated unit cost contract award savings 
Requirement funded in fiscal year 2018 206,000 206,000 206,000 
Program increase mobile mission control stations for shorebased training 
Other support previously funded (OSIP 1184) 1,956 1,956 Gen 5 radio kits previously funded 
Installation cost excess growth (OSIP 1403) 2,325 2,325 B kits unit cost growth 
Kit procurement early to need (OSIP 00106) 4,799 4,799 
Kit procurement early to need (OSIP 01417) 5,953 Forward financed 
Kits previously funded (OSIP 01914) 2,347 2,347 Forward financed 
delays (OSIP 01104) 1,174 1,174 Kit procurement previously funded 
COMMON ECM EQUIPMENT 166,306 165,218 191,306 185,218 Installation cost excess growth 
52 ID SYSTEMS 40,696 40,696 37,696 39,196 Excess installation costs 
57 V22 (TILT/ROTOR ACFT) OSPREY 214,820 207,293 194,020 197,993 
58 NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) 952 0 0 0 
SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 1,792,920 1,880,420 1,992,920 1,880,420 Program 
65 COMMON GROUND EQUIPMENT 421,606 397,382 421,606 409,494 Other 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT , NAVY The agreement provides $3,711,576,000 for Weapons Procurement, Navy, as follows: 
For Weapons Procurement, Navy, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
TRIDENT II MODS.. . ... , . , , ..... 
SMALL DIAMETER BOMB I I, ..... , .... , , . , , 
14 STAND OFF PRECISION GUIDED MUNITIONS (SOPGM) ......... . 
Insert offset folio 778/536 here EH091318.100(In thousands of dollars) 
~ ~ ~  ~ ~ ~  .. ..  ~ TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIPMENT 
27 MK48 TORPEDO ... . '.' ... ' 92,616 103,616 103,616 103,616 
28 ASW TARGETS ..... ' .. ' ... ' ... '. '.' ... ' '. 12,324 12,324 12' 324 12,324 
29 MK54 TORPEDO MODS. '' .. ''' .. 105,946 105,946 83,825 83,825 
30 MK48 TORPEDO ADCAP MODS ... 40,005 40,005 40,005 40,005 
32 TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT. .. ' ..... ''' ... ' 79,371 75,729 79,371 78,371 
33 ASW RANGE SUPPORT ........ '.' ....... 3,872 3,872 3,872 3, 872 
34 FIRST DESTINATION TRANSPORTATION .... , 3,726 3,726 3, 726 3,726 
TOTAL, TORPEDOES AND RELATED EQUIPMENT ........... . 353,971 361,329 342,850 341,850 
35 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS .. 15,067 15,067 15,067 15,067 
36 CIWS MODS.. . ......... . 63,318 63,318 63,318 63,318 
37 COAST GUARD WEAPONS ..... . 40,823 40,823 40,823 40,823 
38 GUN MOUNT MODS ........... . 74,618 71 '633 74,618 71 '633 
39 LCS MODULE WEAPONS ......... . 11 '350 11 '350 11,350 11 '350 
41 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS ........ . 22.249 21 '465 22,249 21 '465 
 ~   TOTAL, OTHER WEAPONS .. , ....... , ........... , 227,425 223,656 227,425 223,656 
43 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS., ....... , ........... . 135,688 135,688 135,688 135,688 
  TOTAL, WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY ...... , ..... . 3,702,393 3,555,587 3,780' 572 3 ,711 '576 
Insert offset folio 778/537 here EH091318.101EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
CATM unit cost growth 1,218 1,218 Engineering change orders previously funded 
24 FLEET SATELLITE COMM FOLLOWON 66,779 53,155 66,779 60,279 
29 MK54 TORPEDO MODS 105,946 105,946 83,825 83,825 MK 54 mod 
0 installation ahead of need 4,212 4,212 MK 54 mod 1 contract 
32 TORPEDO SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 79,371 75,729 79,371 78,371 Lightweight other equipment unjustified growth 3,642 
41 AIRBORNE MINE NEUTRALIZATION SYSTEMS 22,249 21,465 22,249 21,465 
LAND ATTACK WEAPON  The conferees are concerned by the Navy’s management of the Tomahawk missile program. In the previous two fiscal years, the Congress has added funding above the budget requests for the Tomahawk program due to the fact that the Navy has requested fewer missiles than necessary to maintain a minimum sustainment rate of production while missiles have continued to be expended in the Central Command area of operations. The Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2018, provided $102,000,000 above the request to procure additional munitions pursuant to the Navy’s fiscal year 2018 enhancement request following enactment of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018. However, despite the request by the Navy and the direction by the Congress to procure additional munitions, the Navy has proposed to repurpose the congressionally provided funding for various activities, negating congressional intent. Therefore, the agreement includes a rescission of $115,657,000 of fiscal year 2018 funds from the Tomahawk program. The fiscal year 2019 budget request for Tomahawk does not include funding for new production of all up rounds, reflecting the Navy’s strategy to transition from new production to recertification and modernization activities. The conferees direct the Secretary of the Navy to conduct a full review of the Tomahawk program including the current inventory requirement and stockpiled levels of munitions; an analysis of the viability of new production in fiscal year 2020; an analysis of the capacity for concurrent new production and recertification activities within existing facilities; revised cost and schedule projections for modification and recertification activities, to include alternatives with and without concurrent new production; a detailed review of the execution of the fiscal year 2017 and 2018 new production congressional adds; an analysis of surface and subsurface launched land attack weapons inventory and requirements projections through the Next Generation Land Attack Weapon initial operational capability date, to include other weapons systems that may provide an interim capability. The Secretary of the Navy shall provide a report detailing the results of the review to the congressional defense committees not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act. Additionally, the reporting requirements related to the Long Range AntiShip Missile included under the heading ‘‘Next Generation Land Attack Weapon (NGLAW) and Interim Capabilities’’ in Senate Report 115–290 are still valid. This language replaces the language under the heading ‘‘Tomahawk Production’’ in House Report 115–769 and under the heading ‘‘Next Generation Land Attack Weapon (NGLAW) and Interim Capabilities’’ in Senate Report 115–290. PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , NAVY AND  MARINE CORPS  The agreement provides $952,682,000 for Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/542 here EH091318.103PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, NAVY AND MARINE CORPS 
For Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows 
TOTAL, PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, NAVY & MARINE CORPS ..... Budget 
Insert offset folio 778/544 here EH091318.105EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
02897 GBU49 precision kit NRE early to need 4,150 4,150 
3 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES 151,431 136,022 142,181 135,822 
MK44 rocket motor unit cost growth 4,212 4,212 LAU61 digital rocket launcher unit cost savings 
1 '197 1 '197 APKWS product improvement previously funded 
6 CARTRIDGES & CART ACTUATED DEVICES 56,227 53,751 56,227 53,751 
9 5 INCH/54 GUN AMMUNITION 72,657 68,882 72,477 70,058 
10 INTERMEDIATE CALIBER GUN AMMUNITION 33,613 32,151 32,813 32,151 
CART 57mm HEPO unit cost growth 1,462 800 1,462 
SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION , NAVY The agreement provides $24,150,087,000 for Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/546 here EH091318.106SHIPBUILDING AND CONVERSION, NAVY 
For Shipbuilding and Conversion, Navy, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/547 here EH091318.107AUXILIARIES, CRAFT, AND PRIORYEAR PROGRAM COSTS 
TOTAL, SHIPBUILDING & CONVERSION, NAVY .............. 21,871,437 22,708,767 23,992,937 Conference 
Insert offset folio 778/548 here EH091318.108EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
2 CARRIER REPLACEMENT PROGRAM (CVN 80) 1,598,181 1,598,181 1,573,181 1 ,573,181 
CVN78 full ship shock trialtransfer to RDTE,N line 84 25,000 25,000 
7 CVN REFUELING OVERHAULS (APCY) 449,597 425,873 449,597 425,873 
Previously funded efforts due to ten month delay 23,724 23,724 
Program increase advance procurement for an additional fiscal year 
2020 LPD Flight II and/or multiyear procurement economic order quantity 
Program increase advance procurement for LHA 9 350,000 350,000 
15 EXPEDITIONARY FAST TRANSPORT (EPF) 0 0 225,000 225,000 
Virginia class outfitting early to need and excess growth 17,599 
DOG 1000 postdelivery early to need 12,581 Outfitting and post delivery funding early to need 
22 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR 325,375 507,875 325,375 507,875 
FORD CLASS AIRCRAFT CARRIER PROCUREMENT  The conferees include a proviso consistent with section 121 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, which allows the Secretary of the Navy to potentially use fiscal year 2019 funds to enter into a contract for an aircraft carrier designated CVN–81 if certain requirements are met by the Secretary of Defense. However, the conferees note that the congressional defense committees have not received information justifying the validity of a proposed ‘‘two carrier block buy,’’ including an Independent Cost Estimate, an analysis of the impact on other Navy shipbuilding programs, an updated future years defense program, or an extended planning range budget. This language replaces the language under the heading ‘‘CVN 80’’ in Senate Report 115– 290. OTHER PROCUREMENT , NAVY The agreement provides $9,097,138,000 for Other Procurement, Navy, as follows: 
For Other Procurement, Navy, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
22 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION. (In thousands of dollars) 
Insert offset folio 778/553 here EH091318.11123 CHEMICAL WARFARE DETECTORS .. 
Insert offset folio 778/554 here EH091318.112(In thousands of dollars) 
41 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM .... 23,815 21,615 23,815 21 '615 
42 SSTD ..... . 11 '277 9,598 2,977 4,777 
48 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY ............ . 44' 173 42,960 34,821 39,076 
49 NAVAL TACTICAL COMMAND SUPPORT SYSTEM (NTCSS) .. 10' 991 10,991 10' 991 10,991 
51 NAVY COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM (NCCS) . 3,769 3,769 3,769 3,769 
52 MINESWEEPING SYSTEM REPLACEMENT. 35,709 31 '468 33,339 32,367 
54 NAVSTAR GPS RECEIVERS (SPACE). 10 ,703 10,703 10,703 10,703 
55 ARMED FORCES RADIO AND TV .. 2,626 2,626 2,626 2,626 
56 STRATEGIC PLATFORM SUPPORT EQUIP ....... . 9,467 9,467 9,467 9,467 
58 AFLOAT ATC EQUIPMENT .... 47,890 47,890 47,890 47,890 
60 JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEM. 38,094 38,094 38,094 38,094 
Insert offset folio 778/555 here EH091318.113(In thousands of dollars) 
62 TACTICAL/MOBILE C41 SYSTEMS ............ . 42,010 42,010 42,010 42,010 
64 CANES ... , . 423,027 412,753 399,944 404,891 
65 RADIAC ...... . 8' 175 8' 175 8' 175 8' 175 
68 MASF .. , .......... . 5,413 5,413 5,413 5,413 
69 INTEG COMBAT SYSTEM TEST FACILITY 6,251 6,251 6,251 6,251 
70 EMI CONTROL INSTRUMENTATION. 4' 183 4' 183 4' 183 4' 183 
71 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION. 148,350 140,092 148,350 140,092 
73 SHIP COMMUNICATIONS AUTOMATION ......... . 105,087 105,087 105,087 105,087 
74 COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M ....... , ........... . 41 '123 39,081 41 '123 39,081 
75 SUBMARINE BROADCAST SUPPORT ............... . 30,897 25,883 30,897 25,883 
76 SUBMARINE COMMUNICATION EQUIPMENT ...... , .. , 78,580 78,580 78.580 78,580 
78 NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) ............... . 113,885 103,815 113,885 109,385 
80 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) ... 153,526 151 '828 153,526 151 '828 
81 MIO INTEL EXPLOITATION TEAM ..... 951 951 951 951 
82 CRYPTOLOGIC COMMUNICATIONS EQUIP., .......... , , , , . , .. 14,209 14,209 17,009 17,009 
TOTAL, COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONICS EQUIPMENT ..... 3' 176' 305 3,076,603 3,477,852 3,059,558 
Insert offset folio 778/556 here EH091318.11488 AVIATION SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
97 UMCS UNMAN CARRIER AVIATION (UCA) MISSION CONTROL .. 
11 '299 11 '299 11 '299 594 594 594 
Insert offset folio 778/557 here EH091318.115CIVIL ENGINEERING SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
Insert offset folio 778/558 here EH091318.116PERSONNEL AND COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 
122 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT. . . . . . . . . . . . . ..... . 123 
NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE SERVICE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . .... 
Insert offset folio 778/559 here EH091318.117EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
Gas turbine digital fuel control shipsets early to need 504 504 
Periscope interim contractor support previously funded 900 900 AN/BLQ10V NRE previously funded 
AN/SPA25H installation excess growth 679 679 Aegis modernization testing insufficient budget justification 
Damage control and ballast control unjustified request 2,632 2,632 
Propulsion and auxiliary control system engineering services unjustified request 
Los Angeles class unit cost growth 704 704 Ohio 
Virginia class unit cost growth 1,219 1,219 Unit cost growth 
15 LPD CLASS SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 65,033 62,026 65,033 62,026 
DOG 1002 data center early to need 32,000 32,000 32,000 
Open water transport system early to need 5,807 5,807 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION 126,865 123,685 126,865 123,685 
LSD boat davit installation cost carryover 1,443 1,443 ESB SOF 
24 SUBMARINE LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEM 11,968 11,968 6,924 6,924 
Shipyard capital investment items previously funded 5,784 Navy maritime maintenance enterprise solution technical refresh unjustified growth 
31 LCS COMMON MISSION MODULES EQUIPMENT 46,732 42,223 33,237 33,237 
EMM AN/SQS62 training equipment unjustified request 4,509 4,509 4,509 
EMM mission package computing environment ahead of need 8,986 8,986 
32 LCS MCM MISSION MODULES 124,147 89,187 116,381 98,901 
33 LCS ASW MISSION MODULES 57,294 43,669 0 0 
34 LCS SUW MISSION MODULES 26,006 13,890 14,065 13,025 
Surfacetosurface missile module excess to need 11,076 11,941 11,941 
X SHIP OVERHAUL, MODERNIZATION AND REPAIR 0 0 610,000 0 
Ship depot maintenance for the USS Boise, USS New York, and 
Installation funding early to need 1 '130 1 '130 
38 AN/SQQ89 SURF ASW COMBAT SYSTEM 115,459 114,344 115,459 114,344 
41 SUBMARINE ACOUSTIC WARFARE SYSTEM 23,815 21,615 23,815 21,615 
Engineering changes support costs excess growth 1,679 AN/SLQ25E delay 
Block 2 support costs excess growth 3,487 3,487 Block 2 
installation cost growth 14,671 14,671 Block 3 kit cost excess growth 12,429 Block 3 excess systems 
Signal data processors backfits and installation unjustified request 421 
Common array block antenna unit cost growth 792 Common array block antenna 9,352 4,676 
UISS training equipment contract award delay 1,893 1,893 MSF measurement system reductions not properly accounted 7,348 
Mark XII mode 5 support costs excess growth 2,095 2,095 
Mark XII mode 5 installation cost excess growth 1,291 1,291 
CANES afloat kit prior year carryover 10,274 10,274 Installations 
71 ITEMS LESS THAN $5 MILLION 148,350 140,092 148,350 140,092 
Next generation surface ship radar installation early to need 6,242 6,242 
74 COMMUNICATIONS ITEMS UNDER $5M 41,123 39,081 41,123 39,081 
GBS afloat receive terminal DSA excess growth 1,399 Commercial broadband 
Commercial broadband satellite assured C2 modems installation cost excess growth 2,343 
78 NAVY MULTIBAND TERMINAL (NMT) 113,885 103,815 113,885 109,385 
Afloat ship kit cost growth 3,811 Afloat installation cost excess growth 6,259 
80 INFO SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) 153,526 151,828 153,526 151,828 
Computer network defense increment 2 ashore installation cost excess growth 1,698 1,698 
Air launch and recovery equipment previously funded 1,977 1,977 
LAMPS MK Ill installation cost excess growth 3,804 3,804 
Production engineering support excess growth 7,564 7,564 MD5A procurement ahead 
ESSM missile launcher upgrade unjustified funding 4,619 4,619 RAM 
ORDAL Ts for block 28 ahead of need 6,400 6,400 100 TOMAHAWK SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 92,890 86,045 92,890 86,045 
Tomahawk mission planning center hardware unjustified growth 6,845 6,845 
101 STRATEGIC MISSILE SYSTEMS EQUIP 271,817 244,320 271,817 256,817 
SSI increment 15 excess growth 27,497 15,000 102 SSN COMBAT CONTROL SYSTEMS 129,501 
Weapons launch systems tech insertion previously funded 3,598 3,598 
106 SUBMARINE TRAINING DEVICE MODS 65,543 56,834 65,543 56,834 
VA SMMTT new normal unjustified request 8,709 8,709 107 SURFACE TRAINING EQUIPMENT 
230,425 227,791 227,791 BFTT upgrade kits installation funding ahead 
121 TRAINING AND EDUCATION EQUIPMENT 24,283 20,683 24,283 20,683 CANES 
122 COMMAND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 66,681 61,577 66,681 61,577 Converged ERP excess growth 
Navy personnel and pay ashore equipment excess growth 3,076 3,076 
123 MEDICAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 3,352 10,352 3,352 10,352 Program 
128 ENVIRONMENTAL SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 31,902 29,319 31,902 31,902 Precise 
134 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 326,838 308,046 326,367 307,575 
PROCUREMENT , MARINE CORPS  The agreement provides $2,719,870,000 for Procurement, Marine Corps, as follows: 
For Procurement, Marine Corps, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
AMPHIBIOUS COMBAT VEHICLE ' 1 ... ' ' ' ' ' .. ' .... ' ' .. ' . ' ' .. 
155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER ... , , ....... . 
ARTILLERY WEAPONS SYSTEM .. , .... , . , . , ... , .... , ..... 
WEAPONS AND COMBAT VEHICLES UNDER $5 MILLION., .. ,,, ... 
11 FOLLOW ON TO SMAWIFOAAWS ... , ........... , ... . 
TOTAL, GUIDED MISSILES AND EQUIPMENT ........ , ...... . (In thousands of dollars) 
4 7' 158 30,386 47' 158 134,246 113,281 134,246 
Insert offset folio 778/566 here EH091318.123COMMUNICATIONS AND ELECTRONICS EQUIPMENT 
13 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYS .......... . 
16 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) ............ . 
COMMERCIAL CARGO VEHICLES ....... , ............. , , .. . Budget 35,467 
45 46 47 FAMILY OF TACTICAL TRAILERS ............ . 
50 FAMILY OF INTERNALLY TRANSPORTABLE VEHICLE (ITV) ..... . 
TOTAL, PROCUREMENT, MARINE CORPS ............. . Budget 11 '392 
Insert offset folio 778/568 here EH091318.125EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
1 AAV7A1 PIP 156,249 102,845 96,836 96,836 Excess production to smooth ramp 
AMPHIBIOUS COMBAT VEHICLE 1.1 167,478 159,619 167,478 167,478 Estimated cost savings 
LAV PIP 43,701 30,307 43,701 36,652 Excess kit procurement and 
5 155MM LIGHTWEIGHT TOWED HOWITZER 47,158 30,386 47,158 37,158 Unjustified budget request 16,772 
GMLRS unit cost discrepancy 1,995 1,995 RRPR unit cost discrepancy 
12 ANTIARMOR WEAPONS SYSTEMHEAVY/TOW 59,702 51,232 59,702 51,232 Unit cost growth 
13 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYS 35,467 32,587 35,467 32,587 
14 REPAIR AND TEST EQUIPMENT 46,081 45,656 46,081 45,656 General purpose tools and test systems previously funded 
16 ITEMS UNDER $5 MILLION (COMM & ELEC) 69,203 67,360 69,203 67,428 
NEXT GENERATION ENTERPRISE NETWORK (NGEN) 87,120 81,099 87,120 82,120 End user devices tech refresh unit cost growth 
31 COMMON COMPUTER RESOURCES 68,914 62,904 68,914 62,904 Unjustified growth 
Line of sight ancillary components early to need 5,175 5,175 
34 COMM SWITCHING & CONTROL SYSTEMS 36,649 25,701 36,649 31,175 
35 COMM & ELEC INFRASTRUCTURE SUPPORT 83,971 72,842 83,971 72,842 
38 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE 607,011 599,274 607,011 599,274 
Program increase 1TESS II manworn detection systems instrumentation and simulation 
49 FAMILY OF CONSTRUCTION EQUIPMENT 36,156 59,856 36,156 59,856 
Program increase high mobility engineer excavators 10,200 10,200 Program 
53 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 25,804 24,397 25,804 24,397 
AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  The agreement provides $17,112,337,000 for Aircraft Procurement, Air Force, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/571 here EH091318.127AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
For Aircraft Procurement, Air Force, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
F35 .......... ,.,., .. , .... , ... ,,., ...... , ..... ,.,..... 4,261,021 
OTHER AIRLIFT c ·130J . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 35' 858 
Insert offset folio 778/572 here EH091318.128MODIFICATION OF INSERVICE AIRCRAFT 
TOTAL, MODIFICATION OF INSERVICE AIRCRAFT........... 3,697,629 (In thousands of dollars) 
Insert offset folio 778/574 here EH091318.130AIRCRAFT SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 
OTHER AIRCRAFT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 9, 928 84 
86 INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 17,378 
88 WAR CONSUMABLE$. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 29, 342 
89 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 , 502,386 
TOTAL, AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE.............. 16,206,937 17,183,921 15,772,473 Conference 
Insert offset folio 778/575 here EH091318.131EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
Advance procurement for additional fiscal year 2020 aircraft 120,000 
OC135 recap integration and risk reduction transfer to RDTE,AF 
excess to need 60,500 102,720 93,926 Depot stand up ahead 
Program increase eight aircraft for the Air National Guard 
6 HC130J 129,437 129,437 86,981 94,837 Unit cost growth 
8 MC130J 770,201 749,270 727,879 727,879 Unit cost growth 
13 CIVIL AIR PATROL 2,719 10,800 10,800 10,800 Program 
year unit cost savings 5,664 5,664 Dual ground control station funding excess to need 
18 0/AX LIGHT ATTACK AIRCRAFT 0 0 300,000 100,000 Program 
Integrated battle station excess to need 9,400 9,400 MIDSJTRS 
Crypto mod Air Force requested transfer to RDTE,AF line 173 
Crypto mod excess to need 2,759 2,759 Tactical Data 
Tactical Data Link excess to need 1,526 1,526 Airspace compliance funding ahead 
increase 852 infrared threat defense UON funded in title IX 16,400 Program 
31 F22 INCREMENT 3.28 9,007 2,007 9,007 2,007 Install 
Mission computer and weather radar cost growth 9,936 9,936 
36 C17 102,121 77,221 102,121 77,221 Training system ahead 
Chiller replacement terminated 9,700 9,700 50 C130 22,094 151,094 147,094 181,094 
Aero! SATCOM ahead of need 21,666 21,666 21,666 54 
COMPASS CALL MODS 49,885 135,885 49,885 135,885 Program increase accelerate fourth 
56 RC135 394,532 394,532 391,532 394,532 Combat Sent install 
57 E3 133,906 116,865 116,865 116,865 Electronic protection excess to need 
Air Force requested transfer from RDTE,AF line 213 14,888 14,888 
61 FABT 14,293 14,293 11,283 14,293 FABT unit cost growth 
Air Force requested transfer from line 89 8,884 63 
H60 55,466 51,466 55,466 51,466 Block 162 prior year carryover 
66 OTHER AIRCRAFT 62,010 162,410 62,010 57,410 FCMT excess to need 
KC46 spares excess to requirement 182,500 133,000 133,000 Program 
H1 Air Force requested transfer to line 62 8,884 
C–135B The conference agreement provides $146,374,000 for C–135B, including $125,000,000 for the procurement of the first of two aircraft and $21,374,000 for the integration of mission equipment, which is provided under Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force. The conferees understand that the Air Force intends to procure the C– 135B through a full and open competition. The conferees direct the Secretary of the Air Force to submit, not fewer than 30 days prior to the obligation of these funds, a report to the congressional defense committees that details the finalized acquisition strategy, an updated schedule and cost estimate pursuant to that strategy, the approved requirements, an estimated timeline for the certification of the new aircraft under the Open Skies Treaty, and a plan for the transition of the mission to the new aircraft and the disposition of the current OC–135 aircraft and its mission equipment. This language replaces the language under the heading ‘‘C–135B’’ in House Report 115–769 and under the heading ‘‘C– 135B Aircraft’’ in Senate Report 115–290. 
BATTLEFIELD AIRBORNE COMMUNICATION NODE  The conference agreement provides $100,000,000 for the Battlefield Airborne Communication Node (BACN) mission under RQ– 4 modifications. The conferees direct the Secretary of the Air Force to provide a report to the congressional defense committees not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act on the updated BACN requirement and an execution plan for the additional funds provided in this Act. This language replaces the language under the same heading in House Report 115–769. MISSILE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  The agreement provides $2,585,004,000 for Missile Procurement, Air Force, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/581 here EH091318.135MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
For Missile Procurement, Air Force, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
SMALL DIAMETER BOMB II ....... ,,,, .. ,, .... ,,,.,.,., ... . 
18 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS ........ ,., .... ,,, .... ,,, .... ,, 
CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS., ... ,, ....... , ..... ,, ............ , 15,767 4,100 
TOTAL, SPECIAL PROGRAMS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 1 , 083,722 
TOTAL, MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE ...... ,........ 2,669,454 (In thousands of dollars) 
2,591,982 18,066 541,228 54,385 121,253 337,886 33,765 35,034 100,861 
Insert offset folio 778/582 here EH091318.136EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
JASSM 430,708 417,708 541,228 541,228 Testing excess to need 
3 LRASM 44,185 37,909 54,385 54,385 Unit cost adjustment 6,276 Program increase 
6 PREDATOR HELLFIRE MISSILE 113,765 113,765 33,765 33,765 Previously funded requirement 
7 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB 105,034 105,034 35,034 68,634 Previously funded requirement 
MMIII MODIFICATIONS 129,199 128,649 127,699 127,149 LCCBU savings from single contract award 
18 SPECIAL UPDATE PROGRAMS 188,539 188,539 183,539 188,539 Classified adjustment 
SPACE PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  The agreement provides $2,343,642,000 for Space Procurement, Air Force, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/584 here EH091318.137SPACE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
For Space Procurement, Air Force, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
ADVANCED EHF ............... , , ..... , ........... , ...... . 29,829 29,829 29,829 29,829 2 
FAMILY OF BEYOND LINEOFSIGHT TERMINALS ............. . 27,867 27,867 27,867 27,867 5 
6 GENERAL INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY SPACE ............... . 3,425 2,425 3,425 2,425 7 
13 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH CAPABILITY .......... , ...... . 709,981 709,981 615,081 659,981 14 
Insert offset folio 778/585 here EH091318.138EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
2 AIR FORCE SATELLITE COMMUNICATION SYSTEM 35,400 35,400 40,400 35,400 
6 GENERAL INFORMATION TECH SPACE 3,425 2,425 3,425 2,425 
13 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH CAPABILITY 709,981 709,981 615,081 659,981 
14 EVOLVED EXPENDABLE LAUNCH VEHICLE (SPACE) 994,555 954,555 830,555 954,555 
15 SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM HIGH {SPACE) 138,397 108,397 138,397 108,397 
22 SPARE AND REPAIR PARTS 21,812 16,812 21,812 16,812 
WIDEBAND GAPFILLER SATELLITES  The Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2018 included $600,000,000 above the budget request for two additional Wideband Gapfiller Satellites (WGS). The conferees direct the Secretary of the Air Force to procure two WGS satellites and provide a funding plan for launch and operation and maintenance activities to the congressional defense committees not later than 90 days after the enactment of this Act. P ROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION , AIRFORCE  The agreement provides $1,485,856,000 for Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/588 here EH091318.139PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 
For Procurement of Ammunition, Air Force, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
B61 ....... ' ............. ' .... '.''' '' .... '.'.'' ....... . 
TOTAL, PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, AIR FORCE .......... , ... . 
TOTAL, PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE ........ . (In thousands of dollars) 
163,840 158,640 163,840 158,640 20,876 20,876 20,876 20,876 259,308 259,308 259,308 259,308 
38,111 38,111 38,111 38,111 234,198 234,198 234,198 234' 198 
109,292 109,292 99,492 99,492 52,731 24,443 52,731 52,731 51,455 
Insert offset folio 778/589 here EH091318.140EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
Hardware end item cost growth (2.75 Warhead WP Smoke) 1,000 1,000 
8 861 (AP) 52,731 24,443 52,731 52,731 Unit cost growth 28,288 
11 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 524 0 524 0 
MODIFICATIONS 1,270 1,270 847 847 Insufficient budget justification 423 423 13 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5M 4,604 4,604 3,070 3,070 Insufficient 
FUZES 109,358 109,358 99,691 99,691 Unit cost discrepancy and support cost growth (FMU139 D/8) 9,667 9,667 
OTHER PROCUREMENT , AIRFORCE  The agreement provides $20,884,225,000 for Other Procurement, Air Force, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/591 here EH091318.141OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
For Other Procurement, Air Force, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES) ..... . 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (SPECIAL PURPOSE VEHICLES) ....... . 
9 ITEMS LESS THAT $5M (MATERIALS HANDLING EQUIPMENT) .... 
18 BATTLE CONTROL SYSTEM FIXED.,., ......... , .......... . 
25 INTEGRATED STRAT PLAN AND ANALY NETWORK (ISPAN) ...... . Budget 6,949 36,002 
34 GCSSAF FOS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............. . 
38 AIR AND SPACE OPERATIONS CTRWPN SYSTEM .............. . 
47 RADIO EQUIPMENT.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ....... . 12' 142 
Insert offset folio 778/594 here EH091318.144EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE 30,145 28,695 34,142 28,695 Unit cost adjustment 
9 MATERIALS HANDLING VEHICLES 11,537 11,537 21,125 11,537 Program increase7 DABs for 
10 RUNWAY SNOW REMOVAL AND CLEANING 37,600 37,600 38,279 37,600 
14 INTELLIGENCE TRAINING EQUIPMENT 2,099 1,099 2,099 1,599 Insufficient justification/underexecution 
AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYSTEMS 57,937 8,721 42,937 42,937 
23 MISSION PLANNING SYSTEMS 14,263 12,263 14,263 12,263 Underexecution 
29 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM 159,313 99,313 47,115 45,113 Previously funded requirement 
Program increase ANG electronic warfare range requirements threat emitters 
increase threat simulators and equipment to support F35A beddown 
32 WIDE AREA SURVEILLANCE 92,104 74,104 92,104 87,104 ICS 
45 TACTICAL CE EQUIPMENT 161,231 161,231 87,531 151,231 Carryover 
BASE MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 24,005 24,005 29,005 29,005 Precision 
63 SPARES AND REPAIR PARTS 86,365 12,625 86,365 86,365 MEECN spares not executable 
999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 17,258,069 17,350,669 17,372,214 17,488,614 Classified adjustment 
PROCUREMENT , DEFENSE WIDE The agreement provides $6,822,180,000 for Procurement, DefenseWide, as follows: 
For Procurement, DefenseWide, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: Budget 
10 NET CENTRIC ENTERPRISE SERVICES (NCES) ............... . 1 ,017 
13 WHITE HOUSE COMMUNICATION AGENCY ........... , ......... . 94,610 
20 AUTOMATION/EDUCATIONAL SUPPORT & LOGISTICS ........... . 1 '723 
33 SHORT RANGE BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE (SRBMD} ........ . 
50 SOF ROTARY WING UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT ............. . 
67 TACTICAL VEHICLES ............. , .... , ..... ,,, ......... . 
68 WARRIOR SYSTEMS UNDER $5,000,000 .......... , .......... . 
70 SOF GLOBAL VIDEO SURVEILLANCE ACTIVITIES ... ,, ........ . 
136,723 123,071 132,023 357,742 325,042 325,042 85,699 85,699 85,699 17,863 17,863 17,863 125,852 
Insert offset folio 778/601 here EH091318.150EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
SENIOR LEADERSHIP ENTERPRISE 197,246 197,246 0 197,246 Insufficient budget justification 197,246 16 
& LOGISTICS 1,723 1,723 862 862 Prior year carryover 861 861 
21 MAJOR EQUIPMENT 1,196 1,196 598 598 Prior year carryover 598 598 26 THAAD 
27 GROUND BASED MIDCOURSE 409,000 396,000 450,000 417,600 Silo 
Missile field components Missile Defense Agency requested transfer from RDTE,DW 
28 GROUND BASED MIDCOURSE (APCY) 115,000 112,000 115,000 115,000 
SM3 llA additional interceptors transfer from line 30 99,280 115,206 115,206 30 AEGIS 
Lack of justification transfer to line 29 for SM3 !lA 
42 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM (ISSP) 5,403 5,403 30,703 5,403 
Program increase Sharkseer funded in line 7 25,300 50 SOF ROTARY WING 
UPGRADES AND SUSTAINMENT 148,351 148,351 139,612 146,526 MPU unjustified request 6,914 NGEN 
61 SOF ORDNANCE ITEMS UNDER $5M 357,742 357,742 325,042 325,042 SOPGM 
64 SOF OTHER ITEMS UNDER $5M 112,117 125,852 106,250 111,727 
SOCOM requested transfer from OM,DW SAG 1PL2 13,735 5,477 
SOF COMBATANT CRAFT SYSTEMS 7,313 6,713 15,913 15,913 High speed assault craft program decrease 
vehicles requirements funded in fiscal year 2018 3,000 3,000 3,000 
68 SOF WARRIOR SYSTEMS UNDER $5M 438,590 432,364 415,590 437,364 
SAT deployable node requirements funded in fiscal year 2018 23,000 23,000 23,000 SOF 
Requirements funded in fiscal year 2018 35,100 35,100 35,100 
74 CHEMICAL BIOLOGICAL SITUATIONAL AWARENESS 166,418 176,418 161,918 168,918 
999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 589,691 588,891 580,291 567,491 Classified adjustment 
800 9,400 22,200 UNDISTRIBUTED REDUCTION 0 10,000 0 0 
NATIONAL GUARD AND RESERVE EQUIPMENT  The conference agreement provides $1,300,000,000 for National Guard and Reserve Equipment. Of that amount $421,000,000 is designated for the Army National Guard; $421,000,000 for the Air National Guard; $180,000,000 for the Army Reserve; $65,000,000 for the Navy Reserve; $13,000,000 for the Marine Corps Reserve; and $200,000,000 for the Air Force Reserve. This funding will allow the reserve components to procure high priority equipment that may be used for combat and domestic response missions. Current reserve component equipping levels are among the highest in recent history, and the funding provided by the agreement will help ensure component interoperability and sustained reserve component modernization. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to ensure that the account be executed by the Chiefs of the National Guard and reserve components with priority consideration given to the following items: acoustic hailing devices; active electronically scanned array radars; arctic sustainment packages; cold weather and mountaineering gear and equipment; commercial offthe shelf training systems and simulation devices; crashworthy, ballistically tolerant auxiliary fuel systems for ground and air; digital radar warning receivers for F–16s; fifth generation certified wireless mobile mesh selfhealing tamperproof network systems; HMMWV rollover mitigation; joint threat emitters; modular small arms ranges and simulation; MQ–9 deployable launch and recovery element mission support kits; personal dosimeters; radiac sets; secure voice, text, and data communications for joint response and operations; sense and avoid systems; small unit support vehicles; and unstabilized gunnery trainers and upgrades. DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACTPURCHASES  The agreement provides $53,578,000 for Defense Production Act Purchases, as follows: 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget Request House Senate Conference 
DEFENSE PRODUCTION ACT  The conferees are concerned with the management of the Defense Production Act (DPA) and direct the Secretary of Defense to provide a report to the congressional defense committees not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act on the management of the DPA, to include an update on the plan to accelerate the execution of funds, the status of each project being executed or planned to be executed by the DPA Executive Agent or another executing agent, and explanations on the differences between the projects in the budget request and subsequent funding profiles provided during the year of execution. JOINT URGENT OPERATIONAL NEEDS FUND The agreement does not recommend funding for the Joint Urgent Operational Needs Fund. TITLE IV—RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION The agreement provides $94,896,708,000 in Title IV, Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/606 here EH091318.152TITLE IVRESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION 
For Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION, ARMY ...... 10,159,379 10' 113' 108 10,812,458 11,083,824 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION, NAVY ...... 18,481,666 17,658,244 18,992,064 18,510,564 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION, AIR FORCE. 40,178,343 40,929,500 40,896,667 41,229,475 
OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION, DEFENSE .............. 221 ,009 221,009 381,009 381,009 
ACCOUNTS  The Secretary of Defense is directed to continue to follow the reprogramming guidance as specified in the report accompanying the House version of the Department of Defense Appropriations bill for Fiscal Year 2008 (House Report 110–279). Specifically, the dollar threshold for reprogramming funds shall remain at $20,000,000 for procurement and $10,000,000 for research, development, test and evaluation. Also, the Under Secretary of Defense (Comptroller) is directed to continue to provide the congressional defense committees quarterly, spreadsheetbased DD Form 1416 reports for Service and defensewide accounts in titles III and IV of this Act. Reports for titles III and IV shall comply with the guidance specified in the explanatory statement accompanying the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2006. The Department shall continue to follow the limitation that prior approval reprogrammings are set at either the specified dollar threshold or 20 percent of the procurement or research, development, test and evaluation line, whichever is less. These thresholds are cumulative from the base for reprogramming value as modified by any adjustments. Therefore, if the combined value of transfers into or out of a procurement (P–1) or research, development, test and evaluation (R– 1) line exceeds the identified threshold, the Secretary of Defense must submit a prior approval reprogramming to the congressional defense committees. In addition, guidelines on the application of prior approval reprogramming procedures for congressional special interest items are established elsewhere in this statement. 
FUNDING INCREASES  The funding increases outlined in these tables shall be provided only for the specific purposes indicated in the tables. 
EVALUATION SPECIAL INTEREST ITEMS  Items for which additional funds have been provided as shown in the project level tables or in paragraphs using the phrase ‘‘only for’’ or ‘‘only to’’ in the explanatory statement are congressional special interest items for the purpose of the Base for Reprogramming (DD Form 1414). Each of these items must be carried on the DD Form 1414 at the stated amount as specifically addressed in the explanatory statement. 
BLAST EXPOSURE RESEARCH  The conferees understand that further research is necessary regarding blast exposure on the cellular level of the brain in order to develop blast protection requirements for helmets and other personal protective equipment. The conferees encourage the Secretary of Defense to increase efforts to develop a predictive traumatic brain injury model for blast. Such research may help reveal the cellular response to blast impulses and the interaction of the human brain and protective equipment related to blast exposure. DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE TEST AND  
EVALUATION INFRASTRUCTURE  The 2018 National Defense Strategy addresses the increasingly complex global threat environment driven in part by rapid technological advancements. The fiscal year 2019 budget request proposes investments in several programs that support a more capable and lethal force to prepare for this threat environment, including directed energy, hypersonics, advanced computing, big data analytics, artificial intelligence, autonomy, and robotics programs. The conferees believe that concurrent with investments in leapahead technological advancements, an investment in the Department of Defense test and evaluation infrastructure is required to increase testing range space and availability and to ensure continued independent and objective assessments of weapon system capabilities. Therefore, after consultation with the Under Secretary of Defense (Research and Engineering) and the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, the conferees recommend increases for the Air Force, and Office of the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation to modernize the Department of Defense test and evaluation infrastructure in areas such as hypersonics, directed energy, augmented intelligence, machine learning, robotics, and cyberspace. The conferees direct the Under Secretary of Defense (Research and Engineering), in conjunction with the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation, and the Secretaries of the Army, Navy, and Air Force, to conduct an indepth assessment of the Department of Defense test and evaluation infrastructure and to identify improvements required to address future warfighting capabilities. The assessment shall be provided to the congressional defense committees not later than with the submission of the fiscal year 2020 budget request and shall include proposed coordinated investments by warfighting area in priority order and with associated cost estimates. 
TEST FLEET  The conferees agree to modify a provision proposed by the House allowing the Secretary of Defense to use funds appropriated in this Act for F–35 procurement and research, development, test and evaluation to modify up to six aircraft, including two aircraft of each variant, to a test configuration. The conferees understand that the cost of modifying each aircraft is approximately $5,000,000. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense, with the concurrence of the Secretary of the Air Force and the Secretary of the Navy, to notify the congressional defense committees not fewer than 30 days prior to obligating and expending funds for this purpose. The notification shall contain the costs of modifying the aircraft, the sources of funding by account and the reasons for their availability, and a statement that the use of such funds will not adversely affect the F–35 operational fleet. The conferees expect that any such use of funds will not unduly hinder or harm other critical aspects of the Joint Strike Fighter program. Finally, the conferees direct that normal reprogramming procedures be followed as necessary to execute funding for this purpose. ENERGETICS RESEARCH  The conferees direct the Under Secretary of Defense (Research and Engineering) to submit a report to the congressional defense committees not later than 120 days after the enactment of this Act on current investments of the Department of Defense in energetics research. The report shall include a comparison of investments in energetics among the Services as well as a strategic roadmap for future energetics research. 
HYPERSONICS RESEARCH PARTNERSHIPS  The conferees support hypersonics partnerships between the Defense Advanced Research Projects Agency and the military Services and recommend fully funding these partnerships. The conferees understand that the development of hypersonic weapons will require a longterm vision, beyond the Services’ current mission needs and capabilities. Therefore, the conferees encourage the Under Secretary of Defense (Research and Engineering) to consider establishing a partnership with one or more universities focused on hypersonics research and education with the mission of developing nextgeneration hypersonics capabilities and building a highlyskilled, technicallytrained workforce. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , ARMY The agreement provides $11,083,824,000 for Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/613 here EH091318.153RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION (RDT&E), ARMY 
For RDT&E, Army, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
6 SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY .... , ............ . 7 
14,958 98' 159 21,862 Conference 11,585 315,912 65,283 114,115 506,895 83,600 80,866 
Insert offset folio 778/614 here EH091318.154(In thousands of dollars) 
33 WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............ . 102,686 147,519 244,503 241,686 
34 COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..... 119,739 136,520 166,239 176,739 
36 MANPOWER, PERSONNEL AND TRAINING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .. 8,044 8,044 8,044 8,044 
38 NEXT GENERATION TRAINING & SIMULATION SYSTEMS ........ . 25,682 26' 195 25,682 28,682 
40 COMBATING TERRORISM, TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT .......... . 3,762 3, 762 36,762 36,762 
44 MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............... . 61 '132 64,655 86' 132 94,632 
46 HIGH PERFORMANCE COMPUTING MODERNIZATION PROGRAM ..... . 183,322 183,322 218,322 218,322 
47 LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ..... . 11 '1 04 11 ' 104 17' 104 17' 104 
50 ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ...... . 9' 136 9' 136 29' 136 29' 136 
51 MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY ............. . 25,864 31,364 95,464 101.464 
52 ADVANCED TACTICAL COMPUTER SCIENCE & SENSOR TECHNOLOGY 34,883 32,205 43,883 43,883 
53 COMMAND, CONTROL, COMMUNICATIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY .. 52,387 41,491 52,387 52.387 
56 AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS ENGINEERING .......... . 
57 LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER ADV DEV ............... . 
58 SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYSADV DEV ..... 
67 LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT ADV DEV ........... . 
73 FUTURE TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (FTUAS) ..... . 
74 LOWER TIER AIR MISSILE DEFENSE (LTAMID) SENSOR ....... . 
76 MANEUVER SHORT RANGE AIR DEFENSE (MSHORAD) ........ . 
81 CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS FORCES AND FORCE SUPPORT ....... . 
82 ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION AND TIMING (PNT) ..... . 
Insert offset folio 778/616 here EH091318.156ENGINEERING & MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT 
96 ARMORED SYSTEMS MODERNIZATION (ASM) ENG DEV ........ . 
100 AIR DEFENSE COMMAND, CONTROL AND INTELLIGENCE SOD .... 
105 COMBINED ARMS TACTICAL TRAINER (CATT) CORE ........... . 
112 ARMY TACTICAL COMMAND & CONTROL HARDWARE & SOFTWARE ... 
117 SUITE OF SURVIVABILITY ENHANCEMENT SYSTEMS EMD ...... . 118 
Insert offset folio 778/617 here EH091318.157120 INTEGRATED PERSONNEL AND PAY SYSTEMARMY (IPPSA) .... . 
GROUNDBASED OPERATIONAL SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM 126 EXPENDITIONARY (GBOSSE) ........ , ..... , ..... , ...... . 
129 COMBATING WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION (CWMD) ......... . 
ARMY INTEGRATED AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AIAMD) ...... . 
144 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE ENG AND MANUFACTURING .... 
4,496 51,178 11,311 17' 154 36,626 3,829 41,928 28,276 21,965 
TOTAL, ENGINEERING & MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT...... 3,192,689 (In thousands of dollars} 
33,796 3,829 41,928 8,276 21,965 132,447 71,523 42,866 15,984 
160 ARMY TECHNICAL TEST INSTRUMENTATION AND TARGETS ...... . 
172 ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY MGMT SUPPORT ... , ..... 
177 ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ..... Budget 12,835 
TOTAL, RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT .. , ........ , . , . . . . . . 1,322,481 (In thousands of dollars) 
189 CHINOOK HELICOPTER PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ....... . 157,822 
195 UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM UNIVERSAL PRODUCTS .......... . 52,019 
204 AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ........ . 146 
206 MISSILE/AIR DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM .. , .... 1 ,643 
207 OTHER MISSILE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS ........... . 4,947 
LOWER TIER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE (AMD) SYSTEM ...... . 79,283 (In thousands of dollars) 
4,067 7,254 16,022 4,577 135,244 31,049 35,240 129,606 2,283 192,637 
78,798 Conference 6,886 4,067 7,254 16,022 4,577 159,475 24,049 35,240 
Insert offset folio 778/620 here EH091318.160213 GUIDED MULTIPLELAUNCH ROCKET SYSTEM (GMLRS) .. , ...... . 
217 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM ...... , .... , ..... . 
220 WWMCCS/GLOBAL COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM., .. ,,, ...... . 
226 AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS.,,,., ..... ,, ... , ..... . 
TOTAL, RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, ARMY .... 10,159,379 10,113,108 10,812,458 Conference 
Insert offset folio 778/621 here EH091318.161EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
4 UNIVERSITY AND INDUSTRY RESEARCH CENTERS 92,115 98,492 127,865 114,115 
Program increase highly durable advanced polymers for lightweight armor 
Program increasematerials research for affordabifity, performance, and environmental sustainability 
6 SENSORS AND ELECTRONIC SURVIVABILITY 32,366 38,635 85,866 80,866 
Program increase advanced space data exploitation and integration program 
Delayed new start efforts 3,352 Artificial intelligence unjustified request 
Program increase UH60 Black Hawk main rotor blade modernization 
Program increase aviation and missile technology transfer and innovation 
Program increase additive manufacturing to support optimized long range precision fires 
Program increase COE in highenergy laser and optical technology 
14 COMBAT VEHICLE AND AUTOMOTIVE TECHNOLOGY 70,450 79,450 95,450 104,450 
18 WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY 40,444 360,032 65,944 383,444 
Program increase 120mm cannon fired guided missile 50,000 50,000 
19 ELECTRONICS AND ELECTRONIC DEVICES 58,283 71,195 83,283 96,783 
Delayed new start effort 588 Program increaseposition, navigation and timing systems 
22 HUMAN FACTORS ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY 24,131 22,751 26,631 24,131 
Project 835 duplicative new efforts 1,765 1,765 Program increase mobile environmental containment sensors 
Robotics for engineer operations (Project T 45) unjustified request 
Program increase peerreviewed military burn research 8,000 8,000 8,000 
Program increase future vertical lift capability set 3 20,000 20,000 
Program increase surface tolerant adhesive for bonded airframe structure 
Program increase joint tactical aerial resupply vehicle 3,000 3,000 
Program increase data refinement and optimization for aviation sustainment 
Program increase stretch broken composite material forms 4,000 4,000 
33 WEAPONS AND MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 102,686 147,519 244,503 241,686 
Program increase early long range precision fires hypersonic capability 
Program increase multisensor augmented reality system for tactical land vehicles 
35 SPACE APPLICATION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 13,000 13,000 51,000 49,000 
timing for space and missile defense assets Program increase 
Delayed new start effort 2,487 Program increase immersive learning environments 
Program increase enhanced propulsion systems for UAS 6,000 6,000 
Program increase lightweight, low power radar systems 8,000 8,000 
43 ELECTRONIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY 31,491 30,491 41,491 41,491 Delayed new start effort 
44 MISSILE AND ROCKET ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 61,132 64,655 86,132 94,632 Multidomain demonstration unjustified request 6,477 
Program increase multisensor drone swarms for explosive hazard detection 
48 JOINT SERVICE SMALL ARMS PROGRAM 5,885 5,885 22,805 22,805 
49 NIGHT VISION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 61,376 50,986 61,376 61,376 Delayed new start efforts 
51 MILITARY ENGINEERING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 25,864 31,364 95,464 101,464 
Program increase secure management of energy generation and storage 
Program increase rapid low energy mobile manufacturing 3,000 3,000 
Program increase energy technology research in cold 4,000 4,000 
Program increase reliable distributed energy in austere 3,000 3,000 
Program increase secure and resilient power generation in cold region environments 
52 SENSOR TECHNOLOGY 34,883 32,205 43,883 43,883 Delayed new start effort 2,678 Program increase 
53 TECHNOLOGY 52,387 41,491 52,387 52,387 Delayed new start efforts 
54 ARMY MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION 10,777 15,777 55,477 60,477 
Program increase integrated environmental control and power 15,000 15,000 
56 AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS ENGINEERING 42,802 38,462 49,602 45,262 Demonstration planning and execution excess to need 
Program increase interoperability of integrated air and missile defense 
57 LANDMINE WARFARE AND BARRIER  ADV DEV 45,254 34,141 45,254 45,254 Area denial 
SMOKE, OBSCURANT AND TARGET DEFEATING SYS58 ADVDEV 22,700 6,100 22,700 20,700 
59 TANK AND MEDIUM CALIBER AMMUNITION 41,974 35,014 41,974 41,974 Delayed new start efforts 
ARMORED SYSTEM MODERNIZATION  ADV DEV 119,395 98,307 63,585 84,395 Developmental testing early to need 
64 ENVIRONMENTAL QUALITY TECHNOLOGY 14,749 13,961 14,749 14,749 Delayed new start effort 788 66 
AVIATION • ADV DEV 10,793 10,793 86,193 86,193 Program increase 
67 LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT ADV DEV 14,248 13,289 17,248 17,248 Delayed new start effort 959 Program increase tactical electric program research for remote and forward operating bases 
68 MEDICAL SYSTEMS ADV DEV 34,284 39,284 37,284 39,284 Program increase 
69 SOLDIER SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEVELOPMENT 18,044 31,044 18,044 31,044 
Program increase next generation body armor 5,000 5,000 70 ROBOTICS DEVELOPMENT 95,660 
74 LOWER TIER AIR MISSILE DEFENSE (LTAMID) SENSOR 120,374 106,759 87,874 89,359 Contracting award planning early to need 2,515 2,515 Testing early to need 
Program growth ahead of acquisition strategy 39,000 39,000 SYNTHETIC 
PROTOTYPING 77,939 15,044 77,939 39,939 Delayed new start effort 62,895 
funded in line 177 13,000 13,000 ASSURED POSITIONING, NAVIGATION 
83 ARMY SPACE SYSTEMS INTEGRATION 38,319 30,336 38,319 38,319 Delayed new start efforts 7,983 85 
89 INFANTRY SUPPORT WEAPONS 83,155 88,655 57,355 60,855 Program 
arms fire control funding ahead of requirement 10,000 10,000 
95 LIGHT TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLES 8,212 8,212 1,278 1,278 Excess 
JL TVRV test funding ahead of need 4,229 4,229 ARMORED 
ENVGB followon test funding ahead of need 1,000 1,000 
98 COMBAT FEEDING, CLOTHING, AND EQUIPMENT 4,507 4,507 7,507 7,507 Program 
99 NONSYSTEM TRAINING DEVICES • SOD 49,436 49,436 44,436 44,436 Historical underexecution 
100 INTELLIGENCE .SOD 95,172 100,172 88,172 93,172 Program increase CRAM communication enhancements 
Prior year carryover 15,000 15,000 102 AUTOMATIC TEST EQUIPMENT 
(BAT) 9,894 4,894 6,894 6,894 Delayed new start effort 
AND MUNITIONS SOD 183,100 176,100 184,959 172,959 Delayed new start efforts 
Program increase test and evaluation of M999 155mm 12,000 NGSW 
AMP fuze risk reduction excess to need 5,891 5,891 
108 LOGISTICS AND ENGINEER EQUIPMENT SOD 79,706 76,481 79,706 76,481 Delayed new start effort 3,225 3,225 
111 LANDMINE WARFARE/BARRIER SOD 50,817 44,449 45,117 43,117 Next generation advanced bomb suit delayed new start 4,368 Next generation advanced bomb suit testing early to need 
Command post integrated infrastructure delayed new start 10,000 10,000 10,000 
II acquisition planning early to need 995 995 115 
FIRE FINDER 45,473 27,473 45,473 27,473 Hypervelocity armament system delayed new start 
ENHANCEMENT SYSTEMS117 EMD 69,204 55,804 52,904 52,904 Vehicle protection suite delayed new start 
119 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 113,758 76,991 80,376 77,758 Project 738 program management excess growth 34,968 
delayed new start 1,799 AcqBiz unjustified request 14,382 Prior year carryover 
128 COMMON INFRARED COUNTERMEASURES (CIRCM} 51,178 51,178 25,178 31,178 
Prior year carryover due to program delay 26,000 20,000 
Excess test funding due to program delay 4,100 2,000 
132 DEFENSIVE CYBER TOOL DEVELOPMENT 36,626 36,626 30,126 33,796 
135 MISSILE WARNING SYSTEM MODERNIZATION (MWSM) 28,276 25,537 6,276 8,276 
Other program management excess to need 2,739 Funding early to need 
Developmental testing early to need 28,263 13,263 Unjustified request 
140 AMF JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM 15,984 10,984 15,984 15,984 
145 AVIATION GROUND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 2,706 7,706 7,706 7,706 
increase cyber security operations center transfer from line 217 18,500 
159 ARMY TEST RANGES AND FACILITIES 305,759 305,759 430,759 315,759 
Program increase cyber security of space and missile defense assets 
174 MILITARY GROUNDBASED CREW TECHNOLOGY 4,896 938 4,896 4,896 Delayed new start effort 3,958 
181 MLRS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM 8,886 8,886 6,886 6,886 
183 ANTITAMPER TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT 4,254 7,254 4,254 7,254 Program increase 
186 LONG RANGE PRECISION FIRES (LRPF} 186,475 135,244 159,475 159,475 Excess program growth 51,231 
187 APACHE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM 31,049 31,049 24,049 24,049 Product 
Block II EMD excess growth 21,576 5,000 190 FIXED WING AIRCRAFT 
191 IMPROVED TURBINE ENGINE PROGRAM 192,637 192,637 189,137 189,137 Test funding ahead 
195 PRODUCTS 52,019 38,378 38,519 38,378 Unjustified growth 13,641 
198 AEROSTAT JOINT PROJECT OFFICE 1 0 0 0 Program 
200 COMBAT VEHICLE IMPROVEMENT PROGRAMS 411,927 363,349 336,427 336,427 Abrams 
ECP 1B schedule delay 14,978 Bradley ECP A5 excess 12,221 
program management excess growth 9,719 Recovery vehicle improvement program delay 
Abrams ECP V3 excess funding due to test delay 5,000 5,000 
Abrams ECP V4 excess growth 10,000 10,000 Stryker 30mm 
Delayed new start effort 3,475 3,475 Prior year carryover 
SYSTEM 79,283 70,013 78,798 77,283 Unclear budget justification 9,270 
213 (GMLRS) 154,102 125,954 89,102 119,102 Unjustified growth 28,148 Extended range development contract delay 
217 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM 68,533 64,149 46,017 42,533 Program increase 
cyber security operations center transfer to line 152 18,500 
218 GLOBAL COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM 68,619 65,073 48,884 53,922 Increment 2 contract award 
DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS 38,667 33,109 27,667 27,109 Integration 
233 END ITEM INDUSTRIAL PREPAREDNESS ACTIVITIES 53,958 73,958 88,758 108,758 Program increase 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION, NAVY The agreement provides $18,510,564,000 for Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Navy, as follows: 
Insert graphic folio 778/635 here EH091318.174RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION (RDT&E), NAVY 
For RDT&E, Navy, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES. . . . • . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..... . 
21 MARINE CORPS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATION (ATD) .. 150.245 
23 NAVY ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT (ATD) ........... . 131,502 
24 FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEV .... . 232.996 
30 INNOVATIVE NAVAL PROTOTYPES ( INP) ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY. 161,859 
TOTAL, ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ...... , ...... . 750.995 
36 ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY ....... , •. , ...••.... 59,741 
37 SURFACE AND SHALLOW WATER MINE COUNTERMEASURES .....•.. 62.727 
39 CARRIER SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT.... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 5,440 
44 SURFACE ASW. . . . . ..•..........•............•...•...... 1 '122 
45 ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT. . . . . . . ........ . 109' 086 (In thousands of dollars) 
Insert graphic folio 778/637 here EH091318.17646 SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS ............ . 47 
48 SHIP PRELIMINARY DESIGN & FEASIBILITY STUDIES ........ . 
49 ADVANCED NUCLEAR POWER SYSTEMS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...... . 
55 LITTORAL COMBAT SHIP ( LCS) MISSION MODULES. . . . ...... . 
56 AUTOMATED TEST AND RETEST. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ......... . 
62 OCEAN ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT. . . . ..... 
65 FACILITIES IMPROVEMENT .... , ......• , , .......... . 66 
68 RETRACT MAPLE . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ......... . 
NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT. . . . . ..... 
JOINT PRECISION APPROACH AND LANDING SYSTEMS ......... . 77 
78 F/A18 INFRARED SEARCH AND TRACK (IRST) .............. . 79 
Insert graphic folio 778/638 here EH091318.17780 SMALL AND MEDIUM UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLES .......... . 
84 GERALD R. FORD CLASS NUCLEAR AIRCRAFT CARRIER ........ . 
99 ASW SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT MIP. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 
100 ADVANCED TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM ........... . 1 
WARFARE SUPPORT SYSTEM. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .... 
121 EXECUTIVE HELO DEVELOPMENT ... , , , . , , ....... . 
124 JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM NAVY (JTRSNAVY) .. , .... . 
125 NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) INCREMENT II ...... , .... . 
126 SURFACE COMBATANT COMBAT SYSTEM ENGINEERING .... , ..... . 
127 LPD17 CLASS SYSTEMS INTEGRATION ............. ,,,,, ... . 
129 STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS,., .... , ..... , , , ........ . 
130 AIRBORNE MCM, , . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . , , . . . . ..... 
132 ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS ........ , ..... . 
134 AIR CONTROL., ............. , .......... , ........... ,., .. 
135 SHIPBOARD AVIATION SYSTEMS .... , ............... , .. , . 
136 COMBAT INFORMATION CENTER CONVERSION .......... , . . . . .. 
137 AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE RADAR (AMDR) SYSTEM .......... . 
138 ADVANCED ARRESTING GEAR (AAG) .... , ..... , , ............ . 
140 SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEM .......... , ......... . 141 
142 NAVY TACTICAL COMPUTER RESOURCES .. , ... , , . . . ... , ..... , 
146 JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT. . , . , .... 
148 JOINT STANDOFF WEAPON SYSTEMS ........... , . , ... . 
149 SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) ..... . 
150 SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: HARD KILL) ..... , , , ..... , .. . 151 
SHIP SELF DEFENSE (ENGAGE: SOFT KI LLI EW) ...... , , , .... . Budget 
Insert graphic folio 778/640 here EH091318.179(In thousands of do11 ars) 
156 JOINT STRIKE FIGHTER (JSF) ........ , , 65,494 65,494 65,494 65,494 
159 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ........... , . . . . .. . 14,005 11 ,142 14,005 11 '142 
165 COMMON AVIONICS .. , , ............. , . , ............ , ..... . 51 ,486 51.486 51,486 51 ,486 
166 SHIP TO SHORE CONNECTOR (SSC) ...... . 1,444 1,444 1,444 1,444 
169 JOINT AIRTOGROUND MISSILE (JAGM)., ............ , ... . 6,759 6. 759 16,559 16' 559 
172 MULTIMISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT (MMA) INCREMENT 3 .... . 160.389 163' 809 160,389 163' 809 
173 DEMO. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .... , . , .. , . 98' 223 76,124 48.923 66' 137 
175 DDG1000 .......... .. 161 ,264 151 '964 140,264 140,264 
182 CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............. . 6,808 6,808 6' 808 6' 808 
TOTAL, ENGINEERING & MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT, ... 6, 042.480 5. 597,103 6' 050.820 5. 865' 677 
184 TARGET SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .... 10,981 10,981 10,981 10,981 
186 JOINT THEATER AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE ORGANIZATION .... 48 48 48 48 
Insert graphic folio 778/641 here EH091318.180191 TECHNICAL INFORMATION SERVICES. 
198 NAVY SPACE AND ELECTRONIC WARFARE (SEW) SUPPORT ...... . 
203 ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABI UTI ES ..... 
204 ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERAB I UTI ES ..... 
215 STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT ......... .. 
SURFACE SUPPORT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ......... . 
222 TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING CENTER (TMPC) .. 
230 HARM IMPROVEMENT. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 
233 MK48 AD CAP. . . . . . .......... . 
237 COMMON AVIATION COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM . . . ...... . 
238 MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT /SUPPORTING ARMS SYSTEMS .... 
243 ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIRTOAIR MISSILE (AMRAAM) .... . 
260 SMALL (LEVEL 0) TACTICAL UAS (STUASLO) ............... . Budget 
Insert graphic folio 778/643 here EH091318.182(In thousands of dollars) 
262 MULTIINTELLIGENCE SENSOR DEVELOPMENT ........ 81.231 81,231 81 '231 81 '231 
263 UNMANNED AERIAL SYSTEMS (UAS) PAYLOADS (MIP) .......... 5,956 5,956 5,956 5,956 
265 MODELING AND SIMULATION SUPPORT ...... 7' 097 7' 097 7,097 7,097 
266 DEPOT MAINTENANCE (NONIF). ,,. ' ............ 36,560 36,560 46,560 46' 560 
267 MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) .............. .......... 7,284 7,284 27,284 27' 284 
~ .... TOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............. 3,335,557 3' 149' 889 3' 291 ,717 3' 245 '656 
9999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS ............ ............ 1 '549' 503 1,685,303 1 ,557,303 1,670,503 
TOTAL, RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, NAVY..... 18,481,666 17,658,244 18,992,064 18,510,564 
Insert graphic folio 778/644 here EH091318.183EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
3 DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES 458,708 458,708 564,208 499,208 Program 
4 POWER PROJECTION APPLIED RESEARCH 14,643 14,643 27,643 27,643 
5 FORCE PROTECTION APPLIED RESEARCH 124,049 129,049 177,549 180,549 Program 
6 MARINE CORPS LANDING FORCE TECHNOLOGY 59,607 56,212 66,607 63,212 Expeditionary cyber delayed new start 3,395 
8 WARFIGHTER SUSTAINMENT APPLIED RESEARCH 56,197 59,217 61,282 65,782 
Retain previous budget structure transfer from line 23 2,685 2,685 
Program increase warfighter safety and performance 4,500 4,500 Program 
9 ELECTROMAGNETIC SYSTEMS APPLIED RESEARCH 83,800 76,623 83,800 76,623 Electronic warfare technology previously funded 4,573 4,573 
Insert graphic folio 778/645 here EH091318.184R1 Request House Senate Conference 
Program increase • task force ocean 10,000 10,000 Program 
12 UNDERSEA WARFARE APPLIED RESEARCH 58,049 63,049 78,049 78,049 
13 FUTURE NAVAL CAPABILITIES APPLIED RESEARCH 147,771 132,993 147,771 137,701 
14 RESEARCH 37,545 38,214 37,545 38,214 Mine technology previously funded 1,331 1,331 
FORCE PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 2,423 2,423 36,557 32,615 Retain previous budget structure 
Retain previous budget structure transfer from line 23 8,804 8,804 MARINE CORPS 
21 DEMONSTRATION (ATD) 150,245 144,046 177,245 175,245 Firepower excess growth 
Insert graphic folio 778/646 here EH091318.18523 NAVY ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT (ATD) 131,502 136,798 0 0 
Special projects unjustified request 12,445 1,945 Human research protection program unjustified request 2,685 
Surface ship and submarine hull mechanical and electrical excess growth 
Retain previous budget structure transfer to line 20 8,804 8,804 
transfer to line 29 13,172 13,172 Retain previous budget structure transfer to 
Expeditionary maneuver warfare excess growth 4,711 4,711 Air warfare unjustified request 3,913 3,913 Information warfare unjustified request 8,272 8,272 
Surface warfare unjustified request 3,628 3,628 Undersea warfare unjustified request 5,579 5,579 Program increase advanced development 
26 WARFIGHTER PROTECTION ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 0 31,500 9,877 41,377 
Retain previous budget structure transfer from line 23 4,877 4,877 Program increase 
Retain previous budget structure transfer from line 23 67,830 65,885 
Retain previous budget structure • transfer from line 23 13,172 13,172 Program increase 
Cyber unjustified growth 3,727 Directed energy/electric weapons excess growth 
31 AIR/OCEAN TACTICAL APPLICATIONS 29,747 21,484 29,747 29,747 Delayed new starts 
36 ADVANCED COMBAT SYSTEMS TECHNOLOGY 59,741 39,150 56,831 39,240 Project 
3423 assessment and refinement early to need 1,500 1,500 Project 
Project 3438 unjustified aerial lift request 4,000 2,000 Project 
increase Navy identified MCM USV requirement 14,100 14,100 Program 
38 SURFACE SHIP TORPEDO DEFENSE 8,570 7,100 8,570 7,100 Program 
management excess to need 1,470 1,470 40 PILOT FISH 
45 ADVANCED SUBMARINE SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT 109,086 104,386 103,999 105,879 
Advanced processing build previously funded 1,220 1,220 Project 2096 
46 SUBMARINE TACTICAL WARFARE SYSTEMS 9,374 9,374 12,374 12,374 
47 SHIP CONCEPT ADVANCED DESIGN 89,419 51,339 116,419 74,603 
Future surface combatant studies excess growth 29,080 14,816 Common 
increase cyber boundary defense  CPSD cyber security cap devel 
9,000 50 ADVANCED SURFACE MACHINERY SYSTEMS 22,109 27,109 27,109 27,109 Program 
Program increase advanced materials propeller program 15,000 15,000 Program 
56 AUTOMATED TEST AND RETEST 7,931 37,931 7,931 37,931 Transfer from line 
57 FRIGATE DEVELOPMENT 134,772 132,772 134,772 132,775 Testing and engineering delays 
60 MARINE CORPS GROUND COMBAT/SUPPORT SYSTEM 1,828 0 1,828 0 
Program increase breathing apparatus for EOD divers 5,000 5,000 
67 NAVY LOGISTIC PRODUCTIVITY 4,059 2,913 4,059 2,913 Logistics 
1 '146 1,146 68 RETRACT MAPLE 377,878 377,878 318,878 318,878 
Project 3401 lack of program funding 14,829 14,829 Program increase 
78 F/A181NFRARED SEARCH AND TRACK (IRST) 108,700 91,000 108,700 108,700 
83 LARGE UNMANNED UNDERSEA VEHICLES 92,613 71,413 45,613 60,413 
Change in acquisition strategy to accelerate delta design 22,000 7,200 
Updated acquisition strategy transfer to line 94 25,000 25,000 
CVN 78 full ship shock trial transfer from SCN line 2 25,000 25,000 
92 RAPID TECHNOLOGY CAPABILITY PROTOTYPE 7,107 3,579 7,107 7,107 
Updated acquisition strategy transfer from line 83 25,000 25,000 
Conventional prompt global strike EMD early to need 3,750 3,750 
Additional capabilities transfer to fully fund operational test requirements for additional capabilities 
100 ADVANCED TACTICAL UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM 25,291 17,561 11,291 17,561 Project 3135 concurrency 
OTHER HELO DEVELOPMENT 32,128 23,579 32,128 23,579 APR39D(V)2 delayed new start 
105 AV88 AIRCRAFT· ENG DEV 46,363 42,363 46,363 46,363 Unclear budget justification 
EQUIPMENT ENGINEERING 17,368 15,582 17,368 15,582 Naval integrated tactical environmental system next generation unjustified request 1,786 1,786 112 TACTICAL COMMAND 
SYSTEM 57,688 49,387 57,688 54,387 Naval operations business logistics enterprise delayed new start 
E2D counter electronic attack schedule delays 2,777 2,777 Sensor netting schedule delays 2,173 2,173 Fighter to fighter backlink schedule delays 2,947 2,947 Crypto modernization/frequency remapping schedule delays 4,142 
119 EA18 147,419 242,719 242,719 242,719 Program increase EA18G advanced modes/cognitive electronic warfare acceleration 
WARFARE DEVELOPMENT 89,824 86,002 115,224 83,624 Technology development excess growth 3,822 
Program increase EA18G offensive airborne electronic attack special mission pod 
123 NEXT GENERATION JAMMER (NGJ) 459,529 413,529 459,529 449,429 Schedule delays 
GENERATION JAMMER {NGJ) INCREMENT II 115,253 109,479 99,253 93,482 Engineering previously funded 5,774 5,774 Technology demonstration contracts award delays 
Far term interoperability improvement plan 10,300 11,000 11,000 ACB 20 
systems test bed builds early to need 15,709 15,709 
128 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SOB) 104,448 96,980 104,448 96,980 Schedule 
129 STANDARD MISSILE IMPROVEMENTS 165,881 144,392 190,881 190,881 SM2 
Program increase SM6 electronics unit 25,000 25,000 130 AIRBORNE 
132 ADVANCED ABOVE WATER SENSORS 35,635 29,930 35,635 33,930 EASR 
134 AIR CONTROL 62,448 61,498 62,448 61,498 Virtual warfare center support delayed new start 
138 ADVANCED ARRESTING GEAR (AAG) 184,106 172,173 184,106 172,173 Training schedule delay 11,933 11,933 139 NEW 
Program increase new design SSN 12,000 12,000 140 SUBMARINE TACTICAL 
141 SHIP CONTRACT DESIGN/LIVE FIRE T&E 60,062 60,062 71,062 71,062 
Program increase DOG51 advance degaussing mine protection system retrofit 
MINE DEVELOPMENT 25,756 21,747 25,756 21,747 Encapsulated effector delayed new start 
Project 3418 postsystem design and engineering funds early to need 
(ENGAGE: HARD KILL) 178,538 176,926 182,538 193,244 Evolved sea sparrow missile block 2 EMD previously funded 
152 INTELLIGENCE ENGINEERING 29,715 14,465 29,715 25,965 Technical algorithm development delayed new start 
159 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 14,005 11,142 14,005 11,142 Manpower operations systems delayed new start 2,863 2,863 
160 INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 268,567 232,110 218,567 242,110 NMCI 
SUPDESK timekeeping for all delayed new start 1,350 1,350 
Local application rationalization delayed new start 1,123 1 '123 Navy personnel and pay excess growth 9,983 9,983 
UNMANNED CARRIER AVIATION 718,942 451,422 668,942 518,942 Air segment product development excess to need 
169 JOINT AIRTOGROUND MISSILE (JAGM) 6,759 6,759 16,559 16,559 Program 
171 MULTIMISSION MARITIME AIRCRAFT {MMA) 37,296 14,196 37,296 34,196 Airborne weapons simulator hardware development early to need 
Program increase SBIR technology insertion 5,000 5,000 MARINE CORPS ASSAULT VEHICLES SYSTEM 
173 DEVELOPMENT AND DEMO 98,223 76,124 48,923 66,137 Management services unjustified request 
1.2 conversion of vehicles early to need 16,413 ACV 
1.2 training devices early to need 2,286 2,286 Project 
0026 excess concurrency 49,300 26,400 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE 
Lack of acquisition and test strategies 21,000 11,700 180 TACTICAL CRYPTOLOGIC SYSTEMS 44,098 
Program increase ground based sense and avoid 6,000 6,000 
196 TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT 373,834 373,834 473,834 373,834 Program increase 
PROGRAM WIDE SUPPORT 24,303 21,598 24,303 21,598 Studies and analysis previously funded 
ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER 203 VULNERABILITIES 7,000 6,500 7,000 7,000 
ECASE excess growth 7,697 7,697 Developmental foundation excess growth 23,913 13,368 Fixed 
213 COOPERATIVE ENGAGEMENT CAPABILITY (CEC) 130,515 128,815 130,515 128,815 
215 STRATEGIC SUB & WEAPONS SYSTEM SUPPORT 157,679 145,679 167,879 148,379 
Mk4A shape stable nose tip delayed new start 3,000 3,000 
increase model based systems engineering 15,000 7,500 15,000 Program 
216 SSBN SECURITY TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM 43,198 42,198 43,198 42,198 
increase Navy joint airtoground missile for fixed wing aircraft 
220 FLEET TACTICAL DEVELOPMENT 25,014 13,179 1,344 1,344 High frequency overthehorizon robust communications enterprise termination 11,835 
TOMAHAWK AND TOMAHAWK MISSION PLANNING 222 CENTER (TMPC) 282,395 
200,367 282,395 252,395 Mcode schedule delay 7,253 7,253 Maritime strike concurrency 
SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM 36,959 56,959 71,959 71,959 Program increase additional 
232 SURFACE ASW COMBAT SYSTEM INTEGRATION 28,421 26,321 28,421 26,321 
233 MK48 ADCAP 94,155 85,155 68,255 68,255 Tl1 phasing contract 
Program increase cyber boundary defense portable electronic maintenance aids 
236 MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATIONS SYSTEMS 174,779 173,251 174,779 173,251 
Force on force training systems schedule delays 2,268 2,268 Aerial delivery and autonomous distribution entry excess to need 7,391 1,849 Program increase 
SIGINT collection system product development previously funded 2,155 2,155 
243 (AMRAAM) 32,473 28,235 27,473 28,235 Test delays 1,371 1,371 
System improvement program efforts schedule delay 2,867 5,000 2,867 254 
UAS INTEGRATION AND INTEROPERABILITY 41,212 24,663 41,212 24,663 Increment 
RQ4 MODERNIZATION 219,894 214,648 219,894 219,894 Test and evaluation previously funded 5,246 266 
267 MARITIME TECHNOLOGY (MARITECH) 7,284 7,284 27,284 27,284 Program increase 
268 SATELLITE COMMUNICATIONS (SPACE) 39,174 34,174 39,174 34,174 Management services excess growth 
ACCELERATED ACQUISITIONS  The fiscal year 2019 budget request includes $1,402,333,000, an increase of 150 percent over amounts enacted in fiscal year 2018, for programs designated as accelerated acquisitions in accordance with Chief of Naval Operations and Secretary of the Navy Instructions 5000.53 and 5000.42, respectively. The conferees support efforts to rapidly deliver capability to the warfighter in a responsible manner and recommend $1,072,585,000 for these programs in fiscal year 2019. The conferees are concerned by repeated instances in which the designation as an accelerated acquisition program has led to imprudent program management decisions affecting contracting actions and funding execution. Therefore, the conferees direct the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Development and Acquisition) and the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management and Comptroller) to submit a report to the congressional defense committees, not later than 30 days after the enactment of this Act, on acquisition strategy management and fiscal controls in place to ensure the appropriate management of resources for Navy accelerated acquisition programs. The conferees direct the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Development and Acquisition) to provide the congressional defense committees, with the submission of the fiscal year 2020 budget request, the acquisition strategy for each designated accelerated acquisition program. The conferees further direct the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Financial Management and Comptroller) to certify that the fiscal year 2020 budget request fully funds such acquisition strategies, to include the associated test requirements identified in the detailed test approach developed for each program, as agreed to by the Chief of Naval Operations, the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Development and Acquisition), and the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation per previous congressional direction. The conferees reiterate previous congressional direction with respect to the role of the Director, Operational Test and Evaluation under accelerated acquisition and rapid prototyping, to include early insight into service acquisition intentions. Finally, the conferees direct the Assistant Secretary of the Navy (Research, Development and Acquisition) to identify to the congressional defense committees with the fiscal year 2020 budget submission, any additional training requirements levied on the acquisition workforce associated with the execution of accelerated acquisition programs. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , AIRFORCE  The agreement provides $41,229,475,000 for Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Air Force, as follows: 
Insert graphic folio 778/660 here EH091318.196RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION (RDT&E), AIR FORCE 
For RDT&E, Air Force, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
DEFENSE RESEARCH SCIENCES ....... . 348.322 348.322 448.322 383.322 
HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES .•... , , 14,506 13,056 14,506 13' 056 
AEROSPACE VEHICLE TECHNOLOGIES ............... 130 '547 151 '547 147,047 160,547 
AEROSPACE PROPULSION .. , . ....... ,, ..... 190,919 196,919 230,419 230,419 
AEROSPACE SENSORS. ..... ''' .......... . .. ... .. 166' 534 166' 534 171 ,534 171 '534 
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY MANAGEMENT MAJOR HEADQUARTERS 8' 288 8,288 8' 288 8,288 
13 DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS ............. 162.420 172,420 175' 420 185' 420 
17 SUSTAINMENT SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY (S&T) .............. 15' 150 15,150 15,150 15' 150 
19 AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEY/DEMO ....... , ....... , ..... , ... 121,002 121 '002 126,002 126' 002 
20 AEROSPACE PROPULSION AND POWER TECHNOLOGY ....... ... 115,462 122,462 141 '462 148' 462 
21 ELECTRONIC COMBAT TECHNOLOGY ... ......... '' ..... '' ..... 55,319 55,319 55' 319 55' 319 
24 HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ... 36 '463 36' 463 36' 463 36' 463 
33 NATO RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT ............... . 2' 305 
38 INTEGRATED AVIONICS PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT. . . . . . . . . . 14,894 
40 NATIONAL AIRBORNE OPS CENTER (NAOC) RECAP ............ . 
42 HARD AND DEEPLY BURIED TARGET DEFEAT SYSTEM .......... . 
48C DIRECTED ENERGY PROTOTYPING ..... , ... , . , ..... , , .. , ... , . 
49 GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT... . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
54 COMMON DATA LINK EXECUTIVE AGENT (COL EA) ............ . 
Insert graphic folio 778/662 here EH091318.198(In thousands of dollars) 
61 EO/IR WEATHER SYSTEMS .... 7, 940 7, 940 7' 940 7' 940 
63 SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS ........... . 39,338 29,338 29' 338 34' 338 
64 MIDTERM POLAR MILSATCOM SYSTEM ..... . 383,113 383' 113 383' 113 383,113 
65 SPACE CONTROL TECHNOLOGY. . ....... . 91,018 64,430 76,018 91 '018 
67 PROTECTED TACTICAL ENTERPRISE SERVICE (PTES) ......... . 51' 419 51,419 46,419 46,419 
69 PROTECTED SATCOM SERVICES (PSCS) AGGREGATED ........ . 29,379 16 '000 29,379 29' 379 
TOTAL, ADVANCED COMPONENT DEVELOPMENT ........... . 6' 529 '943 6, 438,266 6' 709 '420 6, 639' 220 
71 FUTURE ADVANCED WEAPON ANALYSIS & PROGRAMS .. 39' 602 28' 602 39' 602 39' 602 
72 INTEGRATED AVIONICS PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT ......... . 58' 531 46' 731 58' 531 46,731 
75 TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE ... 207,746 207,746 257,746 272' 634 
74 SMALL DIAMETER BOMB (SDB) ... . 73,158 73,158 78' 158 78,158 
81 AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK .. . 7,153 6,153 7' 153 6,153 
87 LIFE SUPPORT SYSTEMS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ...... . 8,919 8, 919 8' 919 8, 919 
Insert graphic folio 778/663 here EH091318.199(In thousands of dollars) 
98 ADVANCED PILOT TRAINING ........... . 265' 465 245' 465 265 '465 245' 465 
99 COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER ...... . 457 '652 457' 652 384' 652 445' 652 
105 ACQUISITION WORKFORCE GLOBAL BATTLE MANAGEMENT ..... . 3,617 3' 617 3,617 3' 617 
1 06 B2 DEFENSIVE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM ....... . 261 '758 253' 258 261 '758 253' 258 
107 NUCLEAR WEAPONS MODERNIZATION ....... . 91 '907 91 '907 84,907 88' 407 
116 C32 EXECUTIVE TRANSPORT RECAPITALIZATION ............ . 7 '943 7' 943 7 '943 7' 943 
118 AUTOMATED TEST SYSTEMS .... 13,653 13 '653 13,653 13' 653 
120 GPS II IC ... 451 '889 433,889 401 ,889 426' 889 
121 SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS ... 46 '668 46' 668 46 '668 46' 668 
122 COUNTERSPACE SYSTEMS .. 20' 676 20' 676 20 '676 20' 676 
128 SPACE BASED INFRARED SYSTEM (SBIRS) HIGH EMD ..... . 60' 565 60' 565 60' 565 60' 565 
130 EMD. . . . . . . . . . • . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . .. 245,447 245,447 445,447 445' 447 
TOTAL, ENGINEERING & MANUFACTURING DEVELOPMENT ..... . 5, 272,191 5' 882' 791 5' 489 '544 5' 505' 304 
138 ACQ WORKFORCE GLOBAL VIG & COMBAT SYS ............... . 
140 ACQ WORKFORCE CYBER, NETWORK, & BUS SYS ............. . 141 
148 FACILITIES RESTORATION & MODERNIZATION TEST & EVAL. . 
159 SPACE AND MISSILE CENTER (SMC) CIVILIAN WORKFORCE ..... 
TOTAL, RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 2, 839,511 (In thousands of dollars) 
167 AIR FORCE INTEGRATED MILITARY HUMAN RESOURCES SYSTEM .. 47' 287 
168 ANTITAMPER TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE AGENCY .............. . 32' 770 
169 FOREIGN MATERIEL ACQUISITION AND EXPLOITATION ........ . 68,368 
172 ASSESSMENTS AND EVALUATIONS CYBER VULNERABILITIES ..... 99' 100 
177 MINUTEMAN SQUADRONS. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ........... . 156,047 
179 WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS ...... , ..... . 10,442 
180 INTEGRATED STRATEGIC PLANNING & ANALYSIS NETWORK ..... . 22,833 
195 ADVANCED MEDIUM RANGE AIRTOAIR MISSILE (AMRAAM} ..... 61,393 
200 AIRCRAFT ENGINE COMPONENT IMPROVEMENT PROGRAM ........ . 121,203 
202 JOINT AIRTOSURFACE STANDOFF MISSILE (JASSM) ........ . 60,062 
Insert graphic folio 778/666 here EH091318.202205 AIRBORNE WARNING AND CONTROL SYSTEM (AWACS) ....... . 
218 DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES.... . . . .......... . 
222 AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS....... . . . . . . . . . ... 
223 JOINT CYBER COMMAND AND CONTROL (JCC2) ............... . 
224 UNIFIED PLATFORM (UP)............. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
229 GLOBAL SENSOR INTEGRATED ON NETWORK (GSIN) ........... . 
230 NUCLEAR PLANNING AND EXECUTION SYSTEM (NPES) ......... . 
250 C2 AIR OPERATIONS SUITE C2 INFO SERVICES ...........• 
Insert graphic folio 778/667 here EH091318.203255 AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL, APPROACH, & LANDING SYSTEM (ATC) . 
272 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND /SURFACE SYSTEMS. . . . . . ..... . 
284 PERSONNEL RECOVERY COMMAND & CTRL (PRC2) ............. . 
288 C5 A I RLI FT SQUADRONS ............. . 
296 AMC COMMAND AND CONTROL SYSTEM. . . . . . . . . . . . . . ..... . 297 
Insert graphic folio 778/668 here EH091318.204(In thousands of dollars) 
302 OTHER FLIGHT TRAINING .. 2,022 2,022 2,022 2,022 
303 OTHER PERSONNEL ACTIVITIES .. 108 108 108 108 
304 JOINT PERSONNEL RECOVERY AGENCY ..... , . 2,023 2,023 2' 023 2' 023 
307 AIR FORCE STUDIES AND ANALYSIS AGENCY .... 1,418 1,418 1,418 1 '418 
308 FINANCIAL MANAGEMENT INFORMATION SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT. 99' 734 99' 734 93 '834 93 '834 
309 SERVICE SUPPORT TO STRATCOM SPACE ACTIVITIES. 14,161 14,161 14' 161 14' 161 
311 FAMILY OF ADVANCED BLOS TERMINALS (FABT) ........ . 80,168 63' 568 60' 168 60,168 
315 SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER .... ,,, ... 59' 935 162,935 59' 935 79' 935 
321 JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM ............. . 72 '256 62' 256 72 '256 72' 256 
326 SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS OPERATIONS ... , ..... , ...... . 19' 572 19,572 19,572 19' 572 
327 SEGMENT ............ . 513,235 513' 235 513,235 513,235 
TOTAL, OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT .............. 6,357,616 6,304,441 6,186,376 6 '289' 530 
TOTAL, RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, AIR FORCE 40, 178,343 40,929,500 40,896,667 41 , 229,475 
Insert graphic folio 778/669 here EH091318.205EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
3 HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH INITIATIVES 14,506 13,056 14,506 13,056 
Program increase thermal protection for hypersonic vehicles 10,000 10,000 Program 
6 HUMAN EFFECTIVENESS APPLIED RESEARCH 112,518 117,518 114,018 119,018 
Program increase thermal management technologies 6,000 6,000 6,000 Program 
increase MADDIE • modular arrays for energy 12,000 12,000 
Program increase Air Force Minority Leaders Program 5,000 5,000 
13 DOMINANT INFORMATION SCIENCES AND METHODS 162,420 172,420 175,420 185,420 
Program increase cyber testbed for unidentified CUAS 5,500 5,500 
14 HIGH ENERGY LASER RESEARCH 43,359 43,359 45,859 43,359 
15 SPACE TECHNOLOGY 117,645 122,645 121,645 126,645 Program increase advanced spacecraft technologies 
Program increase advanced materials and process for magnetic graphene memory systems 
16 ADVANCED MATERIALS FOR WEAPON SYSTEMS 34,426 47,426 42,926 47,426 Program increase metals affordability 
18 ADVANCED AEROSPACE SENSORS 39,968 39,968 44,968 44,968 Program increase sensor integration 
19 AEROSPACE TECHNOLOGY DEV/DEMO 121,002 121,002 126,002 126,002 Program 
AEROSPACE PROPULSION & POWER TECHNOLOGY 115,462 122,462 141,462 148,462 
22 ADVANCED SPACECRAFT TECHNOLOGY 54,895 60,895 70,895 70,895 Program 
25 CONVENTIONAL WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY 194,981 194,981 204,981 204,981 Program 
Program increase  low cost attritable aircraft technology 12,000 Program 
28 BATTLESPACE KNOWLEDGE DEV/DEMO 51,064 60,064 51,064 60,064 Program 
36 POLLUTION PREVENTION DEMNAL 0 0 200 200 Program 
LONG RANGE STRIKE • BOMBER 2,314,196 2,314,196 2,276,496 2,279,196 Classified adjustment 
38 INTEGRATED AVIONICS PLANNING AND DEV 14,894 14,894 81,271 81,271 Air Force requested transfer from lines 42, 86, and 
Air Force requested transfer to line 38 33,000 33,000 
Advanced 5,000 pound penetrator test and evaluation early to need 
48 TECH TRANSITION PROGRAM 1,186,075 1,211,075 195,462 167,662 Program increase 
Transfer to lines 48A and 488 1,048,413 1,048,413 Program increase alternative energy research 
Transfer from line 48 790,355 790,355 Adaptive Engine Transition Program unjustified growth 
Program increase hypersonic conventional strike weapon 220,300 200,300 48C DIRECTED 
49 GROUND BASED STRATEGIC DETERRENT 345,041 414,441 345,041 414,441 
51 3DELRR 40,326 40,326 25,426 25,426 EMD unit funding excess to need 
56 CYBER OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT 253,825 203,825 253,825 248,825 Excess 
60 NAVSTAR GPS (USER EQUIPMENT) (SPACE) 286,629 286,629 256,629 256,629 
Increment 2 development funded in PL 11541 30,000 30,000 
62 WEATHER SYSTEM FOLLOWON 138,052 118,242 138,052 138,052 Program 
63 SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS 39,338 29,338 29,338 34,338 Ahead 
67 PROTECTED TACTICAL ENTERPRISE SERVICE 51,419 51,419 46,419 46,419 
69 PROTECTED SATCOM SERVICES AGGREGATED 29,379 16,000 29,379 29,379 
70 SPACE RAPID CAPABILITIES OFFICE 366,050 366,050 371,050 286,050 Phasing Solar Power Project 
71 FUTURE ADVANCED WEAPON ANALYSIS 39,602 28,602 39,602 39,602 
75 TACTICAL DATA NETWORKS ENTERPRISE 207,746 207,746 257,746 272,634 
Program increase accelerate 21st century battle management command and control 
Air Force requested transfer from line 110 14,888 77 
81 AIRBORNE ELECTRONIC ATTACK 7,153 6,153 7,153 6,153 Excess growth 
86 JOINT DIRECT ATTACK MUNITION 15,787 15,787 0 0 
Air Force requested transfer to line 38 15,787 15,787 
88 COMBAT TRAINING RANGES 35,895 35,895 43,895 43,895 Program increase 
91 LONG RANGE STANDOFF WEAPON 614,920 699,920 624,920 664,920 
99 COMBAT RESCUE HELICOPTER 457,652 457,652 384,652 445,652 Development funding excess to need 
ATTACK WEAPON 43,175 20,575 14,975 14,975 Excess to need 
Air Force requested transfer to line 75 14,888 115 
Program increase continue JST ARS recap GMT! radar development 
115A ADVANCED BATTLE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 0 0 0 30,000 
117 PRESIDENTIAL AIRCRAFT RECAPITALIZATION 673,032 673,032 616,372 657,932 EMD hot start unjustified 
123 SPACE SITUATION AWARENESS SYSTEMS 134,463 114,463 134,463 134,463 Excess 
127 WIDEBAND GLOBAL SATCOM (SPACE) 3,970 3,970 53,470 3,970 
NextGeneration OPIRtransfer to line 129A 643,126 643,126 Program increase accelerate sensor development for Next Generation 
129A NEXTGENERATION OPIR 0 633,126 0 643,126 Transfer from 
SMI technology maturation duplicate request 10,000 130 EELV (SPACE) 
Program increase Eastern Gulf test and training range 10,000 10,000 
Program increase major range and test facility base infrastructure enhancements 
137 ACQUISITION WORKFORCE  GLOBAL POWER 233,924 233,924 226,075 227,824 Unjustified growth 7,849 
COMBAT SYSTEMS 263,488 263,488 243,853 256,617 Unjustified growth 19,635 6,871 139 
ACQUISITION WORKFORCE GLOBAL REACH 153,591 153,591 145,230 149,586 Unjustified growth 8,361 
140 BUSINESS SYSTEMS 232,315 232,315 217,900 226,257 Unjustified growth 14,415 
GLOBAL BATTLE 141 MANAGEMENT 169,868 169,868 157,472 165,438 Unjustified growth 12,396 
144 ACQUISITION WORKFORCENUCLEAR SYSTEMS 125,761 125,761 123,175 122,481 Unjustified growth 2,586 
147 MANAGEMENTHQR&D 10,642 10,642 9,815 10,364 Unjustified growth 827 
155 GENERAL SKILL TRAINING 1,448 448 1,448 448 Historical underexecution 
41,102 41,102 Management services excess to need 6,185 6,185 
171 NC31NTEGRATION 26,112 26,112 19,312 19,312 Unjustified growth in direct mission support 
modAir Force requested transfer from AP,AF line 21 12,000 14,759 12,000 
increase 852 infrared threat defense UON funded in title IX 24,000 Program 
Fully integrated targeting pod excess to need 13,300 12,800 13,300 MIDSJTRS 
FRBP SLEP  program under reassessment 814 814 Ground test upgrade program descoped 
179 WORLDWIDE JOINT STRATEGIC COMMUNICATIONS 10,442 10,442 18,442 18,442 
181 ICBM REENTRY VEHICLES 18,412 14,167 18,412 14,167 Excess to need 4,245 4,245 183 
184 RSOC MODERNIZATION 9,252 6,252 9,252 6,252 U nderexecution 
192 F22 SQUADRONS 603,553 603,553 588,453 588,453 Navigation systems program delay 
C2D2 Phase 2 contract award delays 33,492 C2D2 flight test contract award delays 9,719 
ECASE excess growth 14,399 14,399 Developmental foundation excess growth 44,733 
increase baseline acceleration 30,000 30,000 202 JASSM 60,062 60,062 
204 CONTROL AND REPORTING CENTER 6,413 6,413 10,413 6,413 Fund 
CRC mode 5 implementation 4,000 205 AWACS 120,664 103,384 130,664 
increase accelerate 21st century battle management command and control 
Air Force requested transfer to AP,AF line 59 for common data 
DISTRIBUTED TRAINING AND EXERCISES 4,225 3,825 4,225 3,825 Underexecution 
222 AF DEFENSIVE CYBERSPACE OPERATIONS 24,166 24,166 39,166 39,166 
246 AIRBORNE SIGINT ENTERPRISE 106,873 109,873 109,873 109,873 Program 
256 AERIAL TARGETS 8,383 6,683 8,383 6,683 EA pods underexecution 
AP,AF line 3 21,374 21,374 268 U2 48,518 65,518 58,518 65,518 
270 AIRBORNE RECONNAISSANCE SYSTEMS 175,334 92,309 175,334 195,334 Dismount detection radar 
312 SATELLITE CONTROL NETWORK (SPACE) 17,808 17,808 27,808 27,808 
315 SPACE AND MISSILE TEST AND EVALUATION CENTER 59,935 162,935 59,935 79,935 Program increase 
Space launch range services and capability 10,000 10,000 320 SPACE SUPERIORITY INTELLIGENCE 
321 JSPOC MISSION SYSTEM 72,256 62,256 72,256 72,256 Prior year carryover 
322 NATIONAL SPACE DEFENSE CENTER 42,209 55,309 42,209 55,309 
999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 16,534,124 16,764,983 16,463,324 16,859,524 Classified adjustment 
TEST AND EVALUATION SUPPORT  The conference agreement provides funding as requested within the Major Test and Evaluation Investment program element for the planning and design of three military construction projects under the Defense Laboratory Modernization Pilot Program authorized by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2016. These specific projects are authorized by the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019, but the conferees understand that funding for construction will be requested in fiscal year 2020. This language replaces the language under the heading ‘‘Test and Evaluation Support’’ in House Report 115–769. 
SPACE SOLAR POWER PROGRAM  The conferees understand that the Space Solar Power Program is a priority for the Air Force but have concerns that the submitted budget justification materials do not include sufficient requirements, scheduling, or cost detail to adequately judge the merits of rapid acquisition or the ability of the Space Rapid Capabilities Office to achieve it. Consequently, the conference agreement reduces funding for the program’s air demonstration by $105,000,000 and designates the program as a new start and congressional special interest item. The conferees direct the Secretary of the Air Force to submit detailed funding plans for the Space Solar Power Program with the fiscal year2020 budget request submission. RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION , DEFENSE WIDE The agreement provides $23,691,836,000 for Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, DefenseWide, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/681 here EH091318.215RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION (RDT&E), DEFENSEWIDE 
For RDT&E, DefenseWide, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
DTRA UNIVERSITY STRATEGIC PARTNERSHIP BASIC RESEARCH .. 37,023 2 
4 BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE ........... . 47,825 
6 HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGES & UNIV (HBCU) ............ . 30,412 
7 CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .............. . 42' 103 
12 APPLIED RESEARCH FOR ADVANCEMENT S&T PRIORITIES ...... . 60,688 
13 INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY ............ . 395' 317 
15 CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .............. . 192,674 16 
20 WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT TECHNOLOGIES ...... . 161 '151 
22 SPECIAL OPERATIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ............ . 35 '921 
395' 317 38,640 192,674 14,969 335,466 226,898 333,847 157,151 
51,596 60,688 404,967 38,640 192,674 14,969 319,466 218,898 363,847 157,151 
Insert offset folio 778/682 here EH091318.216(In thousands of dollars) 
23 JOINT MUNITIONS ADVANCED TECH INSENSITIVE MUNITIONS AD 25,598 25,598 25,598 25,598 
24 COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT ............... . 125,271 179' 771 120,271 171 '771 
27 COUNTERPROLIFERATION INITIATIVESPROLIF PREV & DEFEAT 299,858 280,858 270,858 280,858 
28 ADVANCED CONCEPTS AND PERFORMANCE ASSESSMENT ......... . 13' 017 13' 017 13,017 13,017 
32 JOINT DODDOE MUNITIONS TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ....... . 18,644 18,644 18,644 18,644 34 
37 ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS ............ . 37,263 37,263 37,263 37,263 
38 ADVANCED INNOVATIVE ANALYSIS AND CONCEPTS MHA ...... . 13 '621 13' 621 13,621 13,621 
40 DEFENSE INNOVATION UNIT EXPERIMENTAL (DIUX) .......... . 29,364 29,364 29,364 29,364 
42 CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM ADVANCED DEV 142' 826 142,826 142,826 142,826 
45 JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ........... . 106,049 106,049 93,049 106,049 
47 DEFENSEWIDE MANUFACTURING SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY PROG 114,637 144,637 159,887 174,887 
49 EMERGING CAPABILITIES TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT ......... . 48,338 48,338 60,838 60,838 
50 GENERIC LOGISTICS R&D TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS ...... . 11 '778 11 '778 19' 778 18,778 
52 STRATEGIC ENVIRONMENTAL RESEARCH PROGRAM ............. . 76,514 76,514 86,514 76,514 
53 MICROELECTRONIC TECHNOLOGY DEVELOPMENT AND SUPPORT .... 168,931 168,931 203,931 198,931 
63 HIGH ENERGY LASER ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY PROGRAM ........ . 
64 TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY ............... . 
69,626 59,626 59,626 19,415 19,415 19,415 74,533 69,533 74,533 96,389 132,389 117,389 40,582 
113,496 115,886 385,375 359' 176 385,375 624,426 638,426 624,426 422,348 422,348 422,348 
82 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE JOINT WARFIGHTER SUPPORT .... 48,767 
91 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM .............. . 3,477 
95 HYPERSONIC DEFENSE. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 120,444 96 
99 DOD UNMANNED AIRCRAFT SYSTEM (UAS) COMMON DEVELOPMENT. 3,781 
101 WARGAMING AND SUPPORT FOR STRATEGIC ANALYSIS (SSA) .... 3,768 
105 IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS ............... . 561,220 106 
114 JOINT ELECTROMAGNETIC TECHNOLOGY (JET) PROGRAM ....... . 3,104 
116 SPACE TRACKING AND SURVEILLANCE SYSTEM ............... . 36,955 
117 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSEM SPACE PROGRAMS ....... . 16,484 
122 WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT CAPABILITIES ...... . 
130 DEFENSE RETIRED AND ANNUITANT PAY SYSTEM (DRAS) ...... . 
135 DOD ENTERPRISE ENERGY INFORMATION MANAGEMENT (EEIM) .. . 
136 CWMD SYSTEMS: SYSTEM DEVELOPMENT AND DEMONSTRATION ... . 
6,374 6,374 56' 178 98,678 2,512 2,512 2,435 2,435 
137 DEFENSE READINESS REPORTING SYSTEM (DRRS) ............ . 6,661 
139 CENTRAL TEST AND EVALUATION INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT .... 258,796 
142 JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY (JMETC) .... . 84' 184 143 
TECHNICAL STUDIES, SUPPORT AND ANALYSIS ............. . 22,576 144 
149 SUPPORT TO NETWORKS AND INFORMATION INTEGRATION ...... . 11 '450 
151 CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM .............. . 102,883 
161 DEFENSE TECHNICAL INFORMATION CENTER (OTIC) .......... . 56,853 
162 R&D IN SUPPORT OF DOD ENLISTMENT, TESTING & EVALUATION 24,914 
164 MANAGEMENT HEADQUARTERS (RESEARCH & DEVELOPMENT) ..... . 13,643 
168 DEFENSE DIGITAL SERVICE (DDS) DEVELOPMENT SUPPORT ..... 1 '000 
175 SUPPORT TO INFORMATION OPERATIONS (IO) CAPABILITIES .. . 652 
176 DEFENSE MILITARY DECEPTION PROGRAM OFFICE ............ . 1 '005 
11,450 1,693 102,883 2,545 24,487 56,853 24,914 20,179 13,643 
21,363 6,661 4,088 278,096 31,356 65,646 89,184 22,576 52,565 100,000 
11,450 5,693 102,883 2,545 27,487 56,853 24,914 25,179 13,643 4,124 5,768 1 
181 CWMD SYSTEMS: RDT&E MANAGEMENT SUPPORT ............... . 1,244 
189 ENTERPRISE SECURITY SYSTEM (ESS)........... .. . . . . .. . .. 9,750 
192 INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT SUPPORT ..... . 
230 DISTRIBUTED COMMON GROUND/SURFACE SYSTEMS ............ . 1 '855 304 
5,915 5,869 48,741 3,037 62,814 16,561 14,769 17,579 31,737 17' 
248 SPECIAL OPERATIONS AVIATION SYSTEMS ADVANCED DEV ..... . 
300 NATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION ACTIVITIES .............. . Budget 5,954 2' 198 
TOTAL, RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST & EVAL, DEFWIDE. 22,016,553 22,319,423 24,049,621 Conference 5,954 1 '198 6,889 1 '317 1 '770 
Insert offset folio 778/689 here EH091318.223EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
4 BASIC OPERATIONAL MEDICAL RESEARCH SCIENCE 47,825 47,825 45,275 46,575 
Program increase TBI treatment for blast injuries 10,000 5,000 
5 NATIONAL DEFENSE EDUCATION PROGRAM 85,919 85,919 200,919 135,919 
6 (HBCU) AND MINORITYSERVING INSTITUTIONS 30,412 40,412 32,412 40,412 
13 INFORMATION AND COMMUNICATIONS TECHNOLOGY 395,317 395,317 379,817 404,967 
18 MATERIALS AND BIOLOGICAL TECHNOLOGY 226,898 226,898 218,898 218,898 
WEAPONS OF MASS DESTRUCTION DEFEAT 161,151 157,151 157,151 157,151 
Transfer funding from line 24 (OCO) AntiTunneling 25,000 25,000 
35 SPACE PROGRAMS AND TECHNOLOGY 254,671 254,671 249,671 254,671 
39 COMMON KILL VEHICLE TECHNOLOGY 189,753 59,363 56,753 56,753 
Low power laser demonstrator prototypes postPOR risk reduction through CDR 
45 JOINT CAPABILITY TECHNOLOGY DEMONSTRATIONS 106,049 106,049 93,049 106,049 
increase disruptive technology and operational concept for air and missile defense 
55 ADVANCED ELECTRONICS TECHNOLOGIES 111,099 111,099 118,599 111,099 Program 
57 NETWORKCENTRIC WARFARE TECHNOLOGY 438,569 438,569 434,069 434,069 Program 
59 DISTRIBUTED LEARNING ADVANCED TECHNOLOGY 13,564 13,564 11,564 13,564 
59A DEFENSE RAPID INNOVATION FUND 0 250,000 0 250,000 Program 
61 QUICK REACTION SPECIAL PROJECTS 69,626 69,626 59,626 59,626 
TEST & EVALUATION SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY 96,389 96,389 132,389 117,389 
65 OPERATIONAL ENERGY CAPABILITY IMPROVEMENT 40,582 40,582 40,582 45,582 
72 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE TERMINAL DEFENSE 214,173 388,273 398,273 388,273 
Program increase USFK JEON unfunded requirement 184,100 184,100 184,100 
73 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE 926,359 844,359 803,359 803,359 
Additional boosters requirement funded in fiscal year 2018 52,000 52,000 52,000 
Acceleration of Fort Greely silosrequirement funded in fiscal year 
Missile field componentstransfer to P,DW line 27 41,000 21,600 
Missile field components Missile Defense Agency identified excess to need 
74 CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAMS 129,886 129,886 113,496 115,886 
75 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SENSORS 220,876 385,375 359,176 385,375 
Homeland defense radar Pacific study transfer to line 100 5,000 5,000 
Program increase USFK JEON unfunded requirement 24,000 24,000 24,000 
76 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE ENABLING PROGRAMS 540,926 624,426 638,426 624,426 
Program increase facilities, sustainment, restoration and modernization transfer to line 83 
Weapon system capability insertion early to need 30,463 30,463 
81 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE C2BMC 475,168 518,668 565,368 507,817 
Program increase mobile sensor integration 33,500 93,500 33,500 Program 
83 MISSILE DEFENSE INTEGRATION & OPERATIONS 54,925 54,925 54,925 58,125 
Program increase facilities, sustainment, restoration and modernization transfer from line 78 
85 SEA BASED XBAND RADAR (SBX) 149,715 136,715 136,715 136,715 
Software upgrade requirement funded in fiscal year 2018 13,000 13,000 13,000 
Program increase USFK JEON unfunded requirement 71,400 71,900 71,900 Program 
increase USFK JEON unfunded requirement 4,500 4,500 4,500 Program 
91 DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE CORROSION PROGRAM 3,477 3,477 8,477 8,477 
Low power laser demonstrator prototypes postPDR risk reduction through 
CDR only transfer from line 39 78,000 78,000 Program 
increase laser scaling for boost phase intercept 85,000 85,000 
94 PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT, AND TESTING 12,993 0 0 0 
96A JOINT ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE CENTER 0 0 83,000 13,000 
97 TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS 233,142 233,142 595,642 524,142 Program increase next generation microelectronics 
99 DEVELOPMENT 3,781 3,781 7,781 7,781 Program increase unmanned traffic management 
RADAR 95,765 38,544 73,147 15,926 Homeland defense radar Pacific study 
Homeland defense radarHawaii transfer to line 1 OOA 62,221 62,221 
100A HOMELAND DEFENSE RADAR HAWAII 0 62,221 0 62,221 Homeland defense radar Hawaii transfer from line 
104 LONG RANGE DISCRIMINATION RADAR 164,562 164,562 164,562 166,543 Program increase facilities, sustainment, restoration and modernization transfer from line 
105 IMPROVED HOMELAND DEFENSE INTERCEPTORS 561,220 421,820 421,820 421,820 
year2018 139,400 139,400 139,400 BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE MIDCOURSE DEFENSE 
112 MUL TlOBJECT KILL VEHICLE 8,256 6,870 3,256 6,500 
BALLISTIC MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEM SPACE 16,484 21,484 121,984 94,484 Program increase cybersecurity enhancements 
119 PROMPT GLOBAL STRIKE CAPABILITY DEVELOPMENT 263,414 273,414 615,914 466,914 Program increase quiet hypersonics research 
120 CHEMICAL AND BIOLOGICAL DEFENSE PROGRAM 388,701 402,701 329,909 358,701 
121 JOINT TACTICAL INFORMATION DISTRIBUTION 19,503 24,503 29,503 34,503 
133 TRUSTED & ASSURED MICROELECTRONICS 56,178 56,178 98,678 96,178 Program increase next generation microelectronics 
139 CENTRAL TEST & EVAL INVESTMENT DEVELOPMENT 258,796 261,796 278,096 271,096 
Program increase defense threat center of excellence 9,300 9,300 
142 JOINT MISSION ENVIRONMENT TEST CAPABILITY 84,184 88,184 89,184 88,184 Program increase cyber range capacity and development 
GENERAL SUPPORT TO USD (INTELLIGENCE) 1,693 1,693 5,693 5,693 Program increase academic support 
163 DEVELOPMENT TEST AND EVALUATION 20,179 20,179 25,179 20,179 
171 DEFENSE OPERATIONS SECURITY (OPSEC) 3,008 3,008 10,008 10,008 
172 JOINT STAFF ANALYTICAL SUPPORT 6,658 16,658 6,658 16,658 Program increase 
177 COMBINED ADVANCED APPLICATIONS 21,363 21,363 16,363 21,363 Requirement previously funded 
INTELLIGENCE CAPABILITIES AND INNOVATION 109,529 189,529 259,529 189,529 Program increase Project Maven 
INDUSTRIAL BASE ANALYSIS AND SUSTAINMENT 10,376 10,376 63,876 48,876 Program increase 
Program increase expand manufacturing capability for cold rolled aluminum 
Program increase national security technology accelerator funded in line 47 
195 (OPERATIONAL SYSTEMS DEVELOPMENT) 48,741 48,741 42,385 43,741 Program delays 6,356 
5,000 208 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM 7,940 17,940 7,940 17,940 
Program increase cyber scholarships 10,000 10,000 209 INFORMATION SYSTEMS SECURITY PROGRAM 
215 FEDERAL INVESTIGATIVE SERVICES INFORMATION 39,400 39,400 39,400 55,400 
234 HOMELAND DEFENSE TECHNOLOGY TRANSFER 2,198 2,198 1,198 1,198 Prior year carryover 
248 SPECIAL OPERATIONS AVIATION SYSTEMS 184,993 169,993 182,862 175,862 
TFTA training systems development early to need 3,879 3,879 Insufficient budget justification 
251 WARRIOR SYSTEMS 46,942 55,942 55,642 63,542 Program increase 
Program increase small glide munition UAS integration 3,000 15,000 15,000 
1,600 1,600 300 NATIONAL SECURITY INNOVATION ACTIVITIES 0 0 75,000 0 
OPERATIONAL TEST AND EVALUATION , DEFENSE  The agreement provides $381,009,000 for Operational Test and Evaluation, Defense, as follows: 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget Request House Senate Conference 
TITLE V—REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS The agreement provides $1,641,115,000 in Title V, Revolving and Management Funds. D EFENSE WORKING CAPITAL FUNDS  The agreement provides $1,641,115,000 for Defense Working Capital Funds, as follows: 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget Request House Senate Conference 
TITLE VI—OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS The agreement provides $36,212,133,000 in Title VI, Other Department of Defense Programs, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/701 here EH091318.232TITLE VIOTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS 
For Other Department of Defense Programs, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION............ 710,637 1,466,237 1,673,837 2,180,937 
RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST AND EVALUATION ........... . 886,728 886,728 886,728 886,728 
DRUG INTERDICTION AND COUNTERDRUG ACTIVITIES, DEFENSE 787,525 857,814 872,525 881 ,525 
__________ .... _______ "" ____ ..  TOTAL, TITLE VI, OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE 
DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  The agreement provides $34,007,519,000 for the Defense Health Program, as follows: 
For Defense Health Program, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
20 PRIVATE SECTOR CARE.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 15,103,735 14,934,735 14,875,735 
60 EDUCATION AND TRAINING....... .. .. .. .. .. . .. .. .. .. . .. .. . 756,778 754,778 737,278 
120 ENGINEERING DEVELOPMENT.. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ....... . 
Insert offset folio 778/704 here EH091318.234EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
Fiscal year 2018 decrease not properly accounted 597,073 597,073 
Insert offset folio 778/705 here EH091318.235EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
HEALTH PROGRAM  The conferees remain concerned about the transfer of funds from the InHouse Care budget subactivity group to pay for contractorprovided medical care and the reprogramming of funds from the Private Sector Care budget subactivity group to Department priorities outside of the Defense Health Program. To limit such transactions and improve oversight within the Defense Health Program operation and maintenance account, the conferees direct that the In House Care and Private Sector Care budget subactivities remain designated as congressional special interest items. Any transfer of funds into or out of these subactivities requires the Secretary of Defense to follow prior approval reprogramming procedures. This should not be interpreted as limiting the amount of funds that may be transferred to the InHouse Care budget subactivity from other budget subactivities within the Defense Health Program. Additionally, the conferees direct the Assistant Secretary of Defense (Health Affairs) to provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on budget execution data for all of the Defense Health Program budget activities and to adequately reflect changes to the budget activities requested by the Services in future budget submissions. 
CARRYOVER  The conferees recommend one percent carryover authority for the operation and maintenance account of the Defense Health Program. The conferees direct the Assistant Secretary of Defense (Health Affairs) to submit a detailed spending plan for any fiscal year 2018 designated carryover funds to the congressional defense committees not less than 30 days prior to executing the carryover funds. 
PEER REVIEWED CANCER RESEARCH PROGRAM  The conference agreement provides $90,000,000 for the peerreviewed cancer research program to research cancers not addressed in the breast, prostate, ovarian, kidney, lung, and melanoma cancer research programs. The funds provided in the peerreviewed cancer research program are directed to be used to conduct research in the following areas: bladder cancer, blood cancers, brain cancer, colorectal cancer, immunotherapy, listeria vaccine for cancer, liver cancer, lymphoma, mesothelioma, neuroblastoma, pancreatic cancer, pediatric brain tumors, stomach cancer, rare cancers, and cancer in children, adolescents, and young adults. The reports directed under this heading in House Report 115–769 and Senate Report 115– 290 are still required. 
PEER REVIEWED MEDICAL RESEARCH PROGRAM  The conference agreement provides $350,000,000 for a peerreviewed medical research program. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense, in conjunction with the Service Surgeons General, to select medical research projects of clear scientific merit and direct relevance to military health. Research areas considered under this funding are restricted to the following areas: acute lung injury, antimicrobial resistance, arthritis, burn pit exposure, cardiomyopathy, cerebellar ataxia, chronic migraine and posttraumatic headache, congenital heart disease, constrictive bronchiolitis, diabetes, dystonia, eating disorders, emerging infectious diseases, epidermolysis bullosa, focal segmental glomerulosclerosis, frontotemporal degeneration, GuillainBarre syndrome, hemorrhage control, hepatitis B, hereditary angioedema, hydrocephalus, immunomonitoring of intestinal transplants, inflammatory bowel diseases, interstitial cystitis, lung injury, metals toxicology, mitochondrial disease, musculoskeletal disorders, myotonic dystrophy, nanomaterials for bone regeneration, nutrition optimization, pancreatitis, pathogeninactivated blood products, polycystic kidney disease, posttraumatic osteoarthritis, pressure ulcers, pulmonary fibrosis, resilience training, respiratory health, Rett syndrome, rheumatoid arthritis, scleroderma, sleep disorders, spinal muscular atrophy, tinnitus, tissue regeneration, tuberculosis, vascular malformations, and women’s heart disease. The additional funding provided under the peerreviewed medical research program shall be devoted only to the purposes listed above. ELECTRONIC HEALTH RECORDS  The conferees direct the Program Executive Officer (PEO) for Defense Healthcare Management Systems (DHMS), in conjunction with the Director of the Interagency Program Office (IPO), to provide quarterly reports to the congressional defense committees on the cost and schedule of the electronic health record program, to include milestones, knowledge points, and acquisition timelines, as well as quarterly obligation reports. These reports should also include any changes to the deployment timeline, including benchmarks, for full operating capability; any refinements to the cost estimate for full operating capability and the total lifecycle cost of the project; and the progress toward developing, implementing, and fielding the interoperable electronic health record throughout the medical facilities of the Department of Defense and the Department of Veterans Affairs. The PEO DHMS is further directed to continue briefing the House and Senate Defense Appropriations Subcommittees on a quarterly basis, coinciding with the report submission. The conferees also direct the Director of the IPO to continue to provide quarterly reports to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees, Subcommittees on Defense and Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies on the progress of interoperability between the two Departments. Additionally, the conferees direct the Comptroller General to perform a review of the implementation of MHS GENESIS at the four currently active sites and submit a report to the House and Senate Appropriations Committees not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act. The report should include, but not be limited to, how MHS GENESIS is addressing the concerns raised by the Initial Operational Test and Evaluation report; the performance of MHS GENESIS in meeting the demands of each of the medical facilities; underlying issues with implementation; anticipated delays in implementation; and the impact on the execution of funds. The conferees also direct the Comptroller General to perform quarterly reviews of the electronic health record deployment. COMBAT READINESS MEDICAL RESEARCH  The conference agreement provides $15,000,000 for Combat Readiness Medical Research. The conferees direct the Assistant Secretary of Defense (Health Affairs) to competitively award this funding to support the activities described under the heading ‘‘Joint Warfighter Medical Research Program’’ of House Report 115–769. 
TRAUMA TRAINING  The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to submit a report to the congressional defense committees not later than 180 days after the enactment of this Act on improving trauma training for trauma teams of the Department of Defense, including through the use of the Joint Trauma Education and Training Directorate established under section 708 of the National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2017. The report should include recommendations on how to best coordinate trauma teams of the Department of Defense with trauma partners in the civilian sector, including evaluating how trauma surgeons and military physicians can best partner with civilian level I trauma centers that are verified by the American College of Surgeons, including those that are linked to a bum center that offer bum rotations and clinical experience, to provide adequate training and readiness of the next generation of medical providers to treat critically injured bum patients and other military trauma victims. 
LEAD ASSESSMENTS AND TESTING FOR INFANTS  The conferees recognize the importance of screening and testing children for elevated blood lead levels to prevent childhood lead toxicity. Therefore, the conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to provide risk assessments and targeted blood testing for elevated blood lead levels to all TRICARE beneficiary children during their 12month and 24month wellness checks or annual physical examinations. CHEMICAL AGENTS AND MUNITIONS  DESTRUCTION , DEFENSE  The agreement provides $993,816,000 for Chemical Agents and Munitions Destruction, Defense, as follows: 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget Request House Senate Conference 
DRUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES , DEFENSE  The agreement provides $881,525,000 for Drug Interdiction and CounterDrug Activities, Defense, as follows: 
[In thousands of dollars] Line Budget Request House Senate Conference 
OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  The agreement provides $329,273,000 for the Office of the Inspector General, as follows: 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget Request House Senate Conference 
TITLE VII—RELATED AGENCIES The agreement provides $1,036,424,000 in Title VII, Related Agencies, as follows: 
For Related Agencies, funds are to be available for fiscal year 2019, as follows: 
INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT ACCOUNT (ICMA) ..... . 539' 124 512,424 529,624 522,424 
TOTAL, TITLE VII, RELATED AGENCIES ............. . 1 '053' 124 1,026,424 1,043,624 1,036,424 
CLASSIFIED ANNEX  Adjustments to classified programs are addressed in a separate, detailed, and comprehensive classified annex. The Intelligence Community, the Department of Defense, and other organizations are expected to fully comply with the recommendations and directions in the classified annex accompanying the Department of Defense Appropriations Act, 2019. CENTRAL INTELLIGENCE AGENCY RETIREMENT  
ANDDISABILITY SYSTEM FUND The agreement provides $514,000,000 for the Central Intelligence Agency Retirement and Disability Fund. INTELLIGENCE COMMUNITY MANAGEMENT  ACCOUNT  The agreement provides $522,424,000, a decrease of $16,700,000 below the budget request, for the Intelligence Community Management Account. TITLE VIII—GENERAL PROVISIONS The agreement incorporates general provisions which were not amended. Those general provisions that were addressed in the agreement are as follows: 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which provides general transfer authority not to exceed $4,000,000,000. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which identifies tables as Explanation of Project Level Adjustments. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision proposed by the House which places restrictions on multiyear procurement contracts. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House regarding management of civilian personnel of the Department of Defense. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which provides general transfer authority for the purpose of implementing the Pilot MentorProte´ge´Program. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House regarding limitations on the use of funds to purchase anchor and mooring chains. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which restricts the use of funds used for the support of any nonappropriated funds activity that procures malt beverages and wine. The House bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House regarding incentive payments authorized by the Indian Financing Act of 1974. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which prohibits funding from being used to establish new Department of Defense Federally Funded Research and Development Centers with certain limitations. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which prohibits the use of funds to disestablish, close, downgrade from host to extension center, or place a Senior Reserve Officers’ Training Corps program on probation. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which provides funds for the Asia Pacific Regional Initiative Program for the purpose of enabling the Pacific Command to execute Theater Security Cooperation activities. The House bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House regarding mitigation of environmental impacts on Indian lands resulting from Department of Defense activities. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. (RESCISSIONS)  The agreement modifies a provision proposed by the House recommending rescissions and provides for the rescission of $2,508,005,000. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The rescissions agreed to are: 
The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House restricting procurement of ball and roller bearings other than those produced by a domestic source and of domestic origin. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which makes funds available to maintain competitive rates at the arsenals. The House bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which provides funding to the United Service Organizations and the Red Cross. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The agreement modifies a provision proposed by the House which provides funding to the Sexual Assault Special Victims’ Counsel Program. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which restricts certain funds used to procure enditems. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which prohibits funding for real property and family housing maintenance. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which directs that up to $1,000,000 from Operation and Maintenance, Navy shall be available for transfer to the John C. Stennis Center for Public Service Development Trust Fund. The House bill contained no similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision proposed by the House which provides a grant to the Fisher House Foundation, Inc. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which prohibits funds from being used to modify Fleet Forces Command command and control relationships, with an exception. The House bill contained no similar provision. 
(RESCISSION)  The agreement modifies a provision proposed by the House which reduces funding to the Foreign Currency Fluctuations, Defense account. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House for the rapid acquisition and deployment of supplies and associated 
support services. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which prohibits changes to the Army Contracting CommandNew Jersey without prior notification. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision proposed by the House which prohibits funds for transfers in contravention of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which limits funding to Rosoboronexport. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which prohibits funds from being used for the purchase or manufacture of a United States flag unless such flags are treated as covered items under section 2533a(b) of title 10, U.S.C. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which requires the Secretary to submit reports regarding the National Instant Criminal Background Check System. The House bill contained no similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision proposed by the House which provides for ex gratia payments incidental to combat operations. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House that requires the Secretary of Defense to post grant awards on a public website in a searchable format. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House regarding funding for flight demonstration teams at locations outside the United States. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House that prohibits the use of funds to implement the Arms Trade Treaty until the treaty is ratified by the Senate. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate that prohibits the use of funds to transfer administrative responsibility to another Federal agency. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which provides funding for the National Defense Reserve Fleet. The House bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House that prohibits introducing armed forces into Iraq in contravention of the War Powers Act. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which limits the use of funds for the TAO Fleet Oiler program. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision proposed by the House regarding fuel costs. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which prohibits funds from the Defense Acquisition Workforce Development Fund to be transferred to the Rapid Prototyping Fund or credited to a military department specific fund. The House bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which prohibits the use of funds for gaming or entertainment that involves nude entertainers. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which makes funding available for a project in a country designated by the Secretary. The House bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which prohibits the use of funds for Base Realignment and Closure. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision proposed by the Senate which is new and prohibits funding to deliver F–35 aircraft to the Republic of Turkey, except in accordance with Section 1282 of the John S. McCain National Defense Authorization Act for Fiscal Year 2019. The House bill contained no similar provision. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The agreement modifies a provision proposed by the House which grants the Secretary of Defense the authority to use funds for Office of Personnel Management background investigations. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which makes funds available through the Office of Economic Adjustment for transfer to the Secretary of Education, to make grants to construct, renovate, repair, or expand elementary and secondary public schools on military installations. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House regarding certain types of assisted reproductive services. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which prohibits the use of funds to provide arms, training, or other assistance to the Azov Battalion. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which prohibits the use of funds to purchase heavy water from Iran. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which is new and reduces funding for Operation and Maintenance, Army to reflect excess cash balances. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which is new and reduces funding for Operation and Maintenance, Navy to reflect excess cash balances. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which is new and prohibits items for ceremonial honors pending a determination by the Secretary. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision proposed by the House which is new and allows funding for procurement or research, development, test and evaluation to modify up to six certain Joint Strike Fighter aircraft to a test configuration. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which is new and allows death gratuity payments as authorized in subchapter II of chapter 75 of title 10, United States Code. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which is new and prohibits the migration of data and applications to the proposed Joint Enterprise Data Infrastructure or the Defense Enterprise Office Solutions cloud computing services until the Secretary meets certain requirements. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which is new and prohibits funding for contractual agreements to any corporation that has any unpaid Federal tax liability. The House bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which is new and prohibits funding for assistance to the Islamic Republic of Iran. The House bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which is new and makes available funding to reimburse the Government of the Republic of Palau. The House bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which is new and prohibits funding in contravention of Executive Order No. 13175 or section 1501.2(d)(2) of title 40, Code of Federal Regulations. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement modifies a provision proposed by the Senate which is new and related to certain environmental remediation activities. The House bill contained no similar provision. TITLE IX—OVERSEAS CONTINGENCY OPERATIONS/GLOBAL WAR ON TERRORISM The agreement provides $67,914,000,000 in Title IX, Overseas Contingency Operations/ Global War on Terrorism. 
REPORTING REQUIREMENTS  The agreement includes a number of reporting requirements related to contingency operations and building capacity efforts. The conferees direct the Secretary of Defense to continue to report incremental costs for all named operations in the Central Command Area of Responsibility on a quarterly basis and to submit, also on a quarterly basis, commitment, obligation, and expenditure data for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund, the CounterIslamic State of Iraq and Syria Train and Equip Fund, and for all security cooperation programs funded under the Defense Security Cooperation Agency in the Operation and Maintenance, Defense Wide account. MILITARY PERSONNEL  The agreement provides $4,660,661,000 for Military Personnel, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/730 here EH091318.237EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
SPECIAL PAYS 21,501 21,501 21,501 21,501 ALLOWANCES 16,036 16,036 16,036 16,036 SEPARATION PAY 
BA2: PAY AND ALLOWANCES OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL BASIC PAY 
ON UNIFORMED SERVICES SAVINGS 3,112 3,112 3,112 3,112 DEATH 
TOTAL, BA1 139,714 139,714 139,714 139,714 BA2: PAY AND 
PAY 86,888 86,888 86,888 86,888 RETIRED PAY ACCRUAL 21,463 21,463 21,463 21,463 
TOTAL, BA2 189,970 189,970 189,970 189,970 BA4: SUBSISTENCE OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL BASIC 
BA4: SUBSISTENCE OF ENLISTED PERSONNEL BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE 
TOTAL, MILITARY PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS 109,232 109,232 109,232 109,232 
BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR HOUSING 34,021 34,021 34,021 34,021 BASIC ALLOWANCE FOR SUBSISTENCE 
SGLI EXTRA HAZARD PAYMENTS 6,429 6,429 6,429 6,429 TOTAL, BA6 16,375 16,375 16,375 16,375 TOTAL, 
MILITARY PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE 964,508 964,508 964,508 964,508 RESERVE PERSONNEL, 
TOTAL, RESERVE PERSONNEL, ARMY 37,007 37,007 37,007 37,007 RESERVE PERSONNEL, 
UNIT AND INDIVIDUAL TRAINING SPECIAL TRAINING 11,100 11,100 11,100 
TOTAL, RESERVE PERSONNEL, NAVY 11,100 11,100 11,100 11 '100 RESERVE PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS 
TOTAL, RESERVE PERSONNEL, MARINE CORPS 2,380 2,380 2,380 2,380 RESERVE PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE 
TOTAL, RESERVE PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE 21,076 21,076 21,076 21,076 
PAY GROUP A TRAINING (15 DAYS and DRILLS 24/48) 47,114 47,114 47,114 47,114 
ADMINISTRATION AND SUPPORT 9,575 9,575 9,575 9,575 TOTAL, BA1 195,283 195,283 195,283 195,283 TOTAL, 
BA1: UNIT AND INDIVIDUAL TRAINING SPECIAL TRAINING 5,460 5,460 5,460 5,460 
TOTAL, NATIONAL GUARD PERSONNEL, AIR FORCE 5,460 5,460 5,460 5,460 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  The agreement provides $49,478,483,000 for Operation and Maintenance, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/736 here EH091318.242EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
113 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE 25,983 25,983 25,983 25,983 114 THEATER LEVEL 
121 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT 3,867,286 3,867,286 4,230,286 4,130,286 
122 LAND FORCES SYSTEMS READINESS 550,068 550,068 475,068 475,068 
123 LAND FORCES DEPOT MAINTENANCE 195,873 195,873 495,873 345,873 Transfer from title 
136 COMMANDERS' EMERGENCY RESPONSE PROGRAM 10,000 10,000 5,000 10,000 
141 U.S. AFRICA COMMAND 248,796 248,796 248,796 248,796 142 
437 REAL ESTATE MANAGEMENT 191,786 191,786 191,786 191,786 999 
FISCAL YEAR 2018 DECREASE NOT PROPERLY ACCOUNTED 85,000 85,000 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, ARMY 18,210,500 18,125,500 19,028,500 18,548,500 OPERATION 
1A1A MISSION AND OTHER FLIGHT OPERATIONS 435,507 435,507 935,507 735,507 
1A3A AVIATION TECHNICAL DATA & ENGINEERING 800 800 800 800 
1A4A AIR OPERATIONS AND SAFETY SUPPORT 9,394 9,394 9,394 9,394 1A4N 
1A6A AIRCRAFT DEPOT OPERATIONS SUPPORT 3,524 3,524 3,524 3,524 
1 B1 B MISSION AND OTHER SHIP OPERATIONS 942,960 942,960 1,422,960 1,222,960 
1B2B SHIP OPERATIONS SUPPORT & TRAINING 20,236 20,236 20,236 20,236 
1 B4B SHIP DEPOT MAINTENANCE 1,022,647 1,022,647 1,022,647 1,022,647 
OPERATIONAL METEOROLOGY AND OCEANOGRAPHY 31,118 31,118 31,118 31,118 1C6C 
COMBATANT COMMANDER DIRECT MISSION SUPPORT 24,800 24,800 24,800 24,800 
1 D7D OTHER WEAPONS SYSTEMS SUPPORT 12,780 12,780 12,780 12,780 BSM1 FACILITIES SUSTAINMENT, RESTORATION 
2C1 H EXPEDITIONARY HEALTH SERVICE SYSTEM 12,902 12,902 12,902 12,902 
Coast Guard funded in Homeland Security bill 165,000 165,000 
3B1K SPECIALIZED SKILL TRAINING 51,138 51,138 51,138 51,138 4A1 M 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY 4,757,155 4,757,155 5,572,155 5,172,155 
BASE OPERATING SUPPORT 23,047 23,047 176,947 94,142 Transfer from 
999 OTHER PROGRAMS 4,650 4,650 4,650 4,650 TOTAL, OPERATION 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 011A PRIMARY COMBAT FORCES 
011C COMBAT ENHANCEMENT FORCES 1,492,580 1,492,580 1,492,580 1,492,580 011D AIR OPERATIONS TRAINING 110,237 110,237 110,237 110,237 011M DEPOT PURCHASE EQUIPMENT MAINTENANCE 209,996 209,996 709,996 509,996 
011W CONTRACTOR LOGISTICS SUPPORT AND SYSTEM 1,289,693 1,289,693 1,289,693 1,289,693 
011Y FLYING HOUR PROGRAM 2,355,264 2,355,264 2,855,264 2,655,264 Transfer from title 
GLOBAL C31 AND EARLY WARNING 13,537 13,537 13,537 13,537 
012C OTHER COMBAT OPS SPT PROGRAMS 224,713 224,713 224,713 224,713 
012F TACTICAL INTEL AND OTHER SPECIAL ACTIVITIES 36,098 36,098 36,098 36,098 
015D MISSION OPERATIONS· USSTRATCOM 2,056 2,056 2,056 2,056 015E MISSION 
015F MISSION OPERATIONS· USCENTCOM 162,691 162,691 208,191 208,191 Air Force requested transfer 
SAG 42G 45,500 45,500 015G MISSION OPERATIONSUSSOCOM 19,000 19,000 19,000 19,000 021A AIRLIFT OPERATIONS 
200,000 021D MOBILIZATION PREPAREDNESS 107,064 107,064 107,064 107,064 031A OFFICER ACQUISITION 300 300 300 300 
0318 RECRUIT TRAINING 340 340 340 340 032A SPECIALIZED 
032D TRAINING SUPPORT 1,320 1,320 1,320 1,320 041A LOGISTICS OPERATIONS 
0418 TECHNICAL SUPPORT ACTIVITIES 13,608 13,608 13,608 13,608 042A ADMINISTRATION 
042G OTHER SERVICEWIDE ACTIVITIES 97,471 97,471 51,971 51,971 Air Force requested transfer 
SAG 15F 45,500 45,500 043A SECURITY PROGRAMS 51,108 51,108 51,108 51,108 044A INTERNATIONAL SUPPORT 240 240 240 240 FISCAL YEAR 2018 DECREASE NOT PROPERLY ACCOUNTED 
TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, AIR FORCE 9,285,789 9,258,674 10,055,789 9,828,674 
1 PL 1 JOINT CHIEFS OF STAFF 28,671 28,671 28,671 28,671 1PL2 
SPECIAL OPERATIONS COMMAND 3,733,161 3,621,097 3,718,508 3,678,444 MRAP reset maintenance 
4GT6 DEFENSE CONTRACT AUDIT AGENCY 1,781 1,781 1,781 1,781 
4GTO DEFENSE CONTRACT MANAGEMENT AGENCY 21,723 21,723 21,723 21,723 4GT9 
4GTA DEFENSE LEGAL SERVICES 127,023 127,023 127,023 127,023 ES18 DEFENSE MEDIA ACTIVITY 
Horn of Africa and East Africa Maritime allotment 83,000 EUCOM 
4GTF DEFENSE THREAT REDUCTION AGENCY 302,250 302,250 321,900 302,250 JIDO 
4GTN OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY OF DEFENSE 16,579 16,579 16,579 16,579 4GTQ 
121 FORCES READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT 700 700 700 700 
131 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT 20,487 20,487 20,487 20,487 TOTAL, OPERATION 
1C6C COMBAT SUPPORT FORCES 13,737 13,737 13,737 13,737 TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, NAVY 
1A1A OPERATING FORCES 2,550 2,550 2,550 2,550 BSS1 BASE 
OPERATING SUPPORT 795 795 795 795 TOTAL, OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE, 
011M DEPOT MAINTENANCE 51,000 51,000 51,000 51,000 011Z BASE 
MODULAR SUPPORT BRIGADES 778 778 778 778 113 ECHELONS ABOVE BRIGADE 
121 FORCE READINESS OPERATIONS SUPPORT 5,908 5,908 5,908 5,908 
131 BASE OPERATIONS SUPPORT 18,877 18,877 18,877 18,877 133 MANAGEMENT AND OPERATIONAL 
Insert offset folio 778/743 here EH091318.24901 u get Request House 
011G MISSION SUPPORT OPERATIONS 3,560 3,560 3,560 3,560 011Z BASE SUPPORT 12,310 12,310 12,310 12,310 TOTAL, OPERATION 
Afghan Special Security Forces 702,029 702,029 657,029 702,029 Sustainment 
TOTAL, AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND 5,199,450 5,199,450 4,666,815 4,920,000 
Insert offset folio 778/744 here EH091318.25001 u get Request House 
COUNTERISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND CounterISIS 1,400,000 1,400,000 994,000 1,352,200 
Transfer from Iraq Train and Equip Fund 850,000 85Q,OOO 850,000 
Transfer from Syria Train and Equip Fund 300,000 300,000 252,200 
TOTAL, COUNTERISIS TRAIN AND EQUIP FUND 1,400,000 1,400,000 994,000 1,352,200 TOTAL, OPERATION 
KURDISH PESHMERGA  The Peshmerga forces of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq have made, and continue to make, significant contributions to the United Statesled campaign to degrade, dismantle, and ultimately defeat the Islamic State of Iraq and Syria (ISIS) in Iraq. A lasting defeat of ISIS is critical to maintaining a stable and tolerant Iraq in which all faiths, sects, and ethnicities are afforded equal protection and full integration into the government and society of Iraq. In support of counterISIS operations and in conjunction with the central government of Iraq, the United States should provide the Ministry of Peshmerga forces of the Kurdistan Region of Iraq $290,000,000 in operational sustainment, so that the Peshmerga forces can more effectively partner with the Iraqi Security Forces, the United States, and other international coalition members to consolidate gains, hold territory, and protect infrastructure from ISIS and its affiliates in an effort to deal a lasting defeat to ISIS and prevent its reemergence in Iraq. AFGHANISTAN SECURITY FORCES FUND BUDGET  
SUBMISSION REQUIREMENTS  The conferees appreciate the efforts of the Department of Defense to comply with prior year direction to provide detailed execution information concurrent with the budget request and Financial Activity Plan (FAP) submissions for the Afghanistan Security Forces Fund (ASFF) appropriation. However, the Department remains unable to provide an accurate accounting of current and prior year spending at the budget justification request line level, which challenges effective congressional budget analysis and oversight. The conferees are also concerned that the budget flexibility allowed with the ASFF appropriation has led to unclear funding requirements and a lack of budget discipline and risks wasteful spending. Therefore, the conferees continue to direct that the Secretary of Defense shall provide budget justification materials that include the budget request amount, the prior year appropriated amount, and the actual obligation amount by line item for the prior two years. In addition, concurrent with the submission of each FAP, the Secretary of Defense shall provide the congressional defense committees with line item detail of planned funding movements within each ASFF sub activity group using line item titles from the appropriate year’s budget justification submission. Any line item that did not appear in the budget justification submission shall be delineated as a new line item in the line item detail accompanying the FAP. The conferees agree to forgo the more stringent reprogramming requirements outlined in Senate Report 115–290 in order to provide the Department more time to improve the ASFF budget submission. However, the House and Senate Appropriations Committees intend to revisit this issue during the fiscal year 2020 budget appropriation process if budget justification material continues to be deficient. PROCUREMENT  The agreement provides $12,627,028,000 for Procurement, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/748 here EH091318.251EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS [In 
11 UH60 BLACKHAWK M MODEL 21,246 21,246 21,246 21,246 
17 MQ1 PAYLOAD 11,400 600 11,400 0 CSP previously 
19 GRAY EAGLE MOD 32,000 32,000 32,000 32,000 20 
MUL Tl SENSOR ABN RECON 51,000 51,000 51,000 51,000 
5 HELLFIRE SYS SUMMARY 255,040 255,040 193,674 193,674 Munitions funded 
to direct conversions unaccounted 1,366 1,366 Forward financing support costs 
11 GUIDED MLRS ROCKET 624,500 600,419 624,500 621,419 Unit cost adjustment 
2 ARMORED MUL Tl PURPOSE VEHICLE (AMPV) 230,359 225,284 230,359 225,284 Unit cost adjustment 5,075 
8 PALADIN INTEGRATED MANAGEMENT (PIM) 67,000 67,000 67,000 67,000 
9 IMPROVED RECOVERY VEHICLE (M88A2 HERCULES) 42,354 42,354 42,354 42,354 14 
18 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN 126 126 126 126 22 MORTAR 
50 CAL MACHINE GUN MODS 4,920 4,920 4,920 4,920 
34 M240 MEDIUM MACHINE GUN MODS 7 7 7 7 39 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5M 1,397 1,397 1,397 1,397 TOTAL, PROCUREMENT 
1 CTG, 5.56MM, ALL TYPES 3,392 3,392 3,392 3,392 2 CTG, 7.62MM, 
4 CTG, .50 CAL, ALL TYPES 189 189 189 189 5 CTG, 
7 CTG, 30MM, ALL TYPES 25,000 25,000 25,000 25,000 
9 60MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES 218 218 218 218 
10 81 MM MORTAR, ALL TYPES 484 484 484 484 
14 ARTILLERY PROJECTILE, 155MM, ALL TYPES 79,400 79,400 79,400 79,400 
15 PROJ 15MM EXTENDED RANGE M982 72,985 72,985 72,985 72,985 
18 SHOULDER LAUNCHED MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES 22,242 22,242 11,792 11,792 Program delays 
19 ROCKET, HYDRA 70, ALL TYPES 39,974 39,974 39,974 39,974 
21 DEMOLITION MUNITIONS, ALL TYPES 5 5 5 5 22 
27 ITEMS LESS THAN $5M 66 66 66 66 TOTAL, PROCUREMENT 
3 AMBULANCE, 4 LITTER, 5/4 TON, 4X4 20,770 20,770 20,770 20,770 10 FAMILY OF 
12 HVY EXPANDED MOBILE TACTICAL TRUCK EXT SERV 6,682 6,682 82,682 82,682 Army requested transfer from 
13 TACTICAL WHEELED VEHICLE PROTECTION KITS 50,000 50,000 50,000 50,000 
14 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIP 186,377 172,130 186,377 181,377 Kit unit cost growth 14,247 
37 JOINT TACTICAL RADIO SYSTEM 1,560 0 1,560 0 
42 TRACTOR RIDE 13,190 13,190 13,190 13,190 TACTICAL COMMUNICATIONS 
59 BASE SUPPORT COMMUNICATIONS 690 690 690 690 60 INFORMATION SYSTEMS 8,750 8,750 8,750 8,750 INSTALLATION INFO INFRASTRUCTURE MOD 
68 DC GSA 37,806 37,806 37,806 37,806 70 TROJAN 
71 MOD OF IN SVC EQUIP (INTEL SPT) 2,011 2,011 2,011 2,011 
75 BIOMETRIC TACTICAL COLLECTION DEVICES 5,370 5,370 5,370 5,370 80 
81 FAMILY OF PERSISTENT SURVEILLANCE CAP 20,050 20,050 20,050 20,050 COUNTERINTELLIGENCE/SECURITY COUNTER 
SMALL TACTICAL OPTICAL RIFLE MOUNTED MLRF 60 60 60 60 
90 INDIRECT FIRE PROTECTION FAMILY OF SYSTEMS 251,062 251,062 251,062 251,062 
91 FAMILY OF WEAPON SIGHTS 525 525 525 525 94 
96 MOD OF IN SVC EQUIP (LLDR) 4,050 4,050 4,050 4,050 
97 COMPUTER BALLISTICS  LHMBC XM32 960 960 960 960 
98 MORTAR FIRE CONTROL SYSTEMS 7,660 7,660 7,660 7,660 
112 AUTOMATED DATA PROCESSING EQUIPMENT 28,475 28,475 28,475 28,475 121 
122 FAMILY OF NONLETHAL EQUIPMENT 20,200 19,494 20,200 19,494 Acoustic hailing device systems unit cost discrepancy 
GROUND STANDOFF MINE DETECTION SYSTEM 16,000 16,000 14,335 14,335 Unjustified program growth 1,665 1,665 
130 AREA MINE DETECTION SYSTEM 1 0 0 0 
132 ROBOTIC COMBAT SUPPORT SYSTEM 4,850 4,850 4,850 4,850 
141 PERSONNEL RECOVERY SUPPORT SYSTEM 4,300 4,300 4,300 4,300 
145 FIELD FEEDING EQUIPMENT 1,035 1,035 1,035 1,035 CARGO 
151 COMBAT SUPPORT MEDICAL 17,527 17,527 17,527 17,527 153 
ITEMS LESS THAN $5M (MAINT) 268 268 268 268 159 HMEE 
165 GENERATORS AND ASSOCIATED EQUIPMENT 569 569 569 569 174 INTEGRATED FAMILY 
177 RAPID EQUIPPING SOLDIER SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 18,000 18,000 18,000 18,000 
179 BASE LEVEL COMMON EQUIPMENT 2,080 2,080 2,080 2,080 180 MODIFICATION OF IN SVC EQUIPMENT (OPA3} 19,200 19,200 19,200 19,200 
P~1 Request House Senate Conference AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, NAVY 9 V22 
Program increase two operational loss replacement aircraft 152,000 152,000 
32 SH~60 SERIES 4,858 4,858 4,858 4,858 34 EP3 
44 SPECIAL PROJECT AIRCRAFT 2,165 2,165 2,165 2,165 49 
51 COMMON DEFENSIVE WEAPON SYSTEM 3,206 3,206 3,206 3,206 
WEAPONS PROCUREMENT, NAVY 4 AMRAAM 1,183 1,183 1,183 1,183 5 
35 SMALL ARMS AND WEAPONS 1,540 1,540 1,540 1,540 
38 GUN MOUNT MODS 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 TOTAL, WEAPONS 
3 AIRBORNE ROCKETS, ALL TYPES 2,163 2,163 2,163 2,163 4 
6 CARTRIDGES AND CART ACTUATED DEVICES 5,334 4,805 5,334 4,805 
11 OTHER SHIP GUN AMMUNITION 2,538 2,538 2,538 2,538 13 
15 AMMUNITION LESS THAN $5 MILLION 2,229 2,229 0 0 
21 DIRECT SUPPORT MUNITIONS 632 632 632 632 22 
ARTILLERY MUNITIONS 31,001 31,001 31,001 31,001 TOTAL, PROCUREMENT OF AMMO, 
104 EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DISPOSAL EQUIPMENT 33,580 30,580 27,580 27,580 
108 PASSENGER CARRYING VEHICLES 170 170 170 170 109 
129 PHYSICAL SECURITY EQUIPMENT 19,389 19,389 19,389 19,389 999 
22 FIRE SUPPORT SYSTEM 5,583 5,583 5,583 5,583 37 
Remove five aircraft for efficient production rate 74,040 74,040 
66 OTHER AIRCRAFT 53,731 53,731 53,731 53,731 68 MQ9 
UAS PAYLOADS 16,000 16,000 16,000 16,000 70 INITIAL SPARES/REPAIR PARTS 91,500 91,500 91,500 91,500 
71 AIRCRAFT REPLACEMENT SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 32,529 32,529 32,529 32,529 
72 OTHER PRODUCTION CHARGES 22,000 22,000 22,000 22,000 TOTAL, AIRCRAFT PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 1,018,888 
11 AGM65D MAVERICK 33,602 33,602 33,602 33,602 TOTAL, MISSILE PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 
17 SMALL ARMS 8,500 8,500 8,500 8,500 TOTAL, PROCUREMENT OF AMMUNITION, AIR FORCE 
4 CARGO AND UTILITY VEHICLES 19,680 19,680 19,680 19,680 
5 JOINT LIGHT TACTICAL VEHICLE 0 17,484 0 17,482 Transfer from line 6 17,484 
8 FIRE FIGHTING/CRASH RESCUE VEHICLES 9,736 9,736 9,736 9,736 9 
RUNWAY SNOW REMOVAL & CLEANING EQUIP 9,680 9,680 9,680 9,680 
11 BASE MAINTENANCE SUPPORT VEHICLES 9,680 9,680 9,680 9,680 
15 INTELLIGENCE COMM EQUIPMENT 6,156 6,156 6,156 6,156 16 
AIR TRAFFIC CONTROL & LANDING SYSTEMS 56,884 24,044 35,984 35,984 
29 AIR FORCE PHYSICAL SECURITY SYSTEM 46,236 46,236 46,236 46,236 37 TBMC2 
51 PERSONAL SAFETY AND RESCUE EQUIPMENT 13,600 13,600 13,600 13,600 
54 ENGINEERING AND EOD EQUIPMENT 53,500 53,500 53,500 53,500 
BASE MAINTENANCE AND SUPPORT EQUIPMENT 28,055 28,055 28,055 28,055 
999 CLASSIFIED PROGRAMS 3,229,364 3,211,364 3,229,364 3,211,364 Classified adjustment 
TOTAL, OTHER PROCUREMENT, AIR FORCE 3,725,944 3,665,336 3,705,044 3,677,276 PROCUREMENT, 
17 DEFENSE INFORMATION SYSTEMS NETWORK 12,000 12,000 12,000 12,000 
25 COUNTER lED & IMPROVISED THREAT 5,534 5,534 5,534 5,534 
P1 Request House Senate Conference 53 U28 51,722 51,722 51,722 51,722 54 
RESEARCH , DEVELOPMENT , TEST AND  EVALUATION  The agreement provides $1,193,394,000 for Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, as follows: 
Insert offset folio 778/760 here EH091318.262EXPLANATION OF PROJECT LEVEL ADJUSTMENTS 
AIR AND MISSILE DEFENSE SYSTEMS ENGINEERING 1,000 1,000 1,000 1,000 SMOKE, 
61 SOLDIER SUPPORT AND SURVIVABILITY 3,000 3,000 3,000 3,000 
136 AIRCRAFT SURVIVABILITY DEVELOPMENT 34,933 34,933 34,933 34,933 147 
MUNITIONS PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT 2,548 2,548 2,548 2,548 185 TRACTOR 
DEFENSE PRODUCT IMPROVEMENT 2,000 2,000 2,000 2,000 209 INTEGRA 
216 SECURITY AND INTELLIGENCE ACTIVITIES 23,199 23,199 23,199 23,199 226 
61 JOINT SERVICE EXPLOSIVE ORDNANCE DEVELOPMENT 13,900 13,900 13,900 13,900 
SHIP SELF DEFENSE (DETECT & CONTROL) 1,100 1,100 1,100 1,100 
236 MARINE CORPS COMMUNICATION SYSTEMS 16,130 16,130 16,130 16,130 
EVALUATION, NAVY 167,812 167,812 167,812 167,812 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, TEST 
65 SPACECONTROLTECHNOLOGY 1,100 1,100 1,100 1,100 70 SPACE RAPID CAPABILITIES OFFICE 
Program increase urgent operational need 34,000 Program increase 852 infrared threat defense 
187 JOINT COUNTER RCIED ELECTRONIC WARFARE 4,000 4,000 4,000 4,000 
EVALUATION, AIR FORCE 314,271 301,876 287,971 321,934 RESEARCH, DEVELOPMENT, 
24 COMBATING TERRORISM TECHNOLOGY SUPPORT 25,000 25,000 0 0 
Transfer funding to title IV RD,DW line 24 for antitunneling 25,000 25,000 26 COUNTER 
94 PROTOTYPE DEVELOPMENT, AND TESTING 242,668 152,668 162,007 170,168 Unjustified growth 
Program increase hyperspectral lED detection 3,500 3,500 250 OPERATIONAL 
254 SOF TACTICAL VEHICLES 725 725 725 725 999 
REVOLVING AND MANAGEMENT FUNDS  The agreement provides $15,190,000 for Revolving and Management Funds, as follows: 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget Request House Senate Conference 
OTHER DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE PROGRAMS  DEFENSE HEALTH PROGRAM  The agreement provides $352,068,000 for the Defense Health Program, as follows: 
[In thousands of dollars] Budget Request House Senate Conference 
DRUGINTERDICTION AND COUNTER DRUG ACTIVITIES , DEFENSE  The agreement provides $153,100,000 for Drug Interdiction and Counterdrug Activities, Defense. OFFICE OF THE INSPECTOR GENERAL  The agreement provides $24,692,000 for the Office of the Inspector General. GENERAL PROVISIONS —THISTITLE The agreement for title IX incorporates general provisions which were not amended. Those general provisions that were addressed in the agreement are as follows: 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which provides for special transfer authority within title IX. The House bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which provides funds for military commanders in Afghanistan to respond to urgent, limited humanitarian relief. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which provides security assistance to the Government of Jordan. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which prohibits the use of the CounterIslamic State of Iraq and Syria Train and Equip Fund to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which provides assistance and sustainment to the military and national security forces of Ukraine. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House related to the replacement of funds for items provided to the Government of Ukraine. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which prohibits the use of assistance and sustainment to the military and national security forces of Ukraine to procure or transfer manportable air defense systems. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which is new and allows equipment purchased for, and not yet transferred to, entities within Syria, to be transferred to other authorized foreign security forces. The House bill contained no similar provision. 
(TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  The agreement modifies a provision proposed by the House which provides funds to the Department of Defense to improve intelligence, surveillance, and reconnaissance capabilities. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. The agreement retains a provision proposed by the House which prohibits introducing armed forces into Syria in contravention of the War Powers Act. The Senate bill contained no similar provision. (RESCISSIONS)  The agreement modifies a provision proposed by the House recommending rescissions and provides for the rescission of $1,340,616,000. The Senate bill contained a similar provision. The rescissions agreed to are: 
The agreement retains a provision proposed by the Senate which requires the President to designate all Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism funds as such. The House bill contained a similar provision. 
Insert offset folio 778/767 here EH091318.265DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
National Guard Personnel, Air Force ... '' .. ' .......... 
Insert offset folio 778/768 here EH091318.266DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
United States Court of Appeals for the Armed Forces ... 
Overseas Humanitarian, Disaster, and Civic Aid ........ FY 2018 
Insert offset folio 778/769 here EH091318.267DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Total, Title II, Operation and maintenance ...... 188,245,583 199,469,636 House Senate 
Procurement of Ammunition, Navy and Marine Corps .. , .. . 804,335 1,006,209 973,556 970,454 952,682 +148,347 
Insert offset folio 778/770 here EH091318.268DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Joint Urgent Operational Needs Fund ............... , .. . FY 2018 
Research, Development, Test and Evaluation, Army ..... . Research, Development, 
Operational Test and Evaluation, Defense ............. . 10,647,426 18,010,754 37' 428' 078 
Insert offset folio 778/771 here EH091318.269DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Total, Title V, Revolving and Management Funds .. 1,685,596 1 . 542. 115 1 '542' 115 1,641,115 Conference 1 '641 . 115 
Research, development, test and evaluation ....... . 2,039,315 710,637 1,466,237 1,673,837 2' 180' 937 +141,622 
..., ____________ ... ·.. ____________ ,.. Total, Defense Health Program 1/ 34' 428' 167 33,729,192 34,071,018 34' 135 '992 34,007,519 420,648 
Insert offset folio 778/772 here EH091318.270DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Total, Title VII, Related agencies ............. . FY 2018 
105,997 1,091 886,728 Conference 105,997 1,091 886,728 Conference vs. Enacted +1,760 16,990 +47,314 
514,000 514,000 514,000 514,000 514,000 537,600 539' 124 512,424 
1 '051 '600 1 '053' 124 1 ,026,424 1,043,624 1,036,424 15,176 
Insert offset folio 778/773 here EH091318.271DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Public Schools on Military Installations (Sec.8128) .. . Working 
(4,250,000) 131,000 942,242 44,000 (30,000) (1,000) 10,000 4,000 (11 ,000) 
(4,250,000) 179,000 492,954 44,000 (30,000) 10,000 5,000 ( 11 '000) 
250,000 (11,000) (113,000) 750,000 270,000 50,000 Conference vs. Enacted 
Insert offset folio 778/774 here EH091318.272DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Total, Title VIII, General Provisions .......... . FY 2018 
Total, Mi 1 i tary Personnel (OCO/GWOT) ......... . 2,683,694 
Insert offset folio 778/775 here EH091318.273DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Operation & Maintenance. Air Force Reserve (GWOT) .... . 
Operation & Maintenance, Army National Guard (GWOT) .. . 
Operation & Maintenance, Air National Guard (GWOT) ... . 
    · 43,882,104 42' 183' 220 41,705,099 44.745' 117 43,206,283 675,821 
Insert offset folio 778/776 here EH091318.274DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Insert offset folio 778/777 here EH091318.275DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
167,812 287,971 394,883 Conference 300,604 167,812 321,934 403,044 Conference vs. Enacted +65,236 +247 
Capital Funds (GWOT) ............... . 148,956 15,190 15' 190 15. 190 15' 190 133,766 
Insert offset folio 778/778 here EH091318.276DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
(Sec . 901 3) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............ . 
( Sec . 901 8 ) . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . ............ . 
============= (2,000,000) 1,438,400 ·1 ,438,400 Conference 352,068 153,100 24,692 529,860 
Grand Total, Title IX (OCO/GWOT) ............. . 65,166,000 68,078,580 68,079,000 67,913,976 67,914,000 +2,748,000 
Insert offset folio 778/779 here EH091318.277DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Other Procurement, Air Force (emergency) ............ . Procurement, DefenseWide (emergency} 
Total, Title III, Procurement (emergency) ...... . 884,000 12,000 288,055 
============= ============= ============= ============= ============= Conference vs. Enacted 673,500 18,750 23,735 715,985 
Insert offset folio 778/780 here EH091318.278DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Total, FY 2018 Missile Defeat and Defense Enhancements (emergency) 
Insert offset folio 778/781 here EH091318.279DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Insert offset folio 778/782 here EH091318.280DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Total, FY 2018 Department of Defense (emergency) (PL 115123, DivB, Subdivision1, Title III) ... 
Insert offset folio 778/783 here EH091318.281DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Insert offset folio 778/784 here EH091318.282DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Navy transfer to John C. Stennis Center for Public 
Insert offset folio 778/785 here EH091318.283DIVISION ADEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
21 Included in Budget under Procurement 3/ Contributions to Department of Defense 
DIVISION B—DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 In implementing this conference agreement, the Departments and agencies should be guided by the language and instructions set forth in House Report 115–862 and Senate Report 115–289. Where the joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act speaks to an issue that was addressed in the House or Senate reports, the statement should supersede the language in the House or Senate reports. In cases where the House Report and the Senate Report address a particular issue not specifically cited in the statement, the House Report and the Senate Report should be complied with and carry the same emphasis as the language included in the statement. In providing the operating plan required by section 516 of this Act, the Departments and agencies funded in this Act are directed to include all programs, projects, and activities, including those in House Report 115–862, Senate Report 115–289, and this joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act. All such programs, projects, and activities are subject to the provisions of this Act. Each department and agency funded in this Act shall follow the directions set forth in this Act and the accompanying statement, and shall not reallocate resources or reorganize activities except as provided herein. Funds for individual programs and activities are displayed in the detailed table at the end of the joint explanatory statement accompanying this Act. Funding levels that are not displayed in the detailed table are identified within this statement. Any action to eliminate or consolidate programs, projects, and activities should be pursued through a proposal in the President’s Budget so it can be considered by the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate. Congressional Reports.—Each Department and agency is directed to provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, within 30 days from the date of enactment of this Act and quarterly thereafter, a summary describing each requested report to the Committees on Appropriations along with its status. TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF LABOR EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING ADMINISTRATION  
TRAINING AND EMPLOYMENT SERVICES  Apprenticeship Grants.—The conferees include $160,000,000 to support Apprenticeship Grants, an increase of $15,000,000 above fiscal year 2018, to expand support for the apprenticeship program created in fiscal year 2016. The conferees direct the Department to submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate providing detail on entities awarded funding, selection criteria used, and the funding amount for each grant or contract awarded at the time such awards are made. No later than September 30, 2019, the Department shall provide the Committees on Appropriations a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds made available, including estimated administrative costs. Dislocated Workers National Reserve. —The conferees direct the Department to comply with the requirements included in Senate Report 115–289 for dislocated worker training in the Appalachian and Delta regions. Technical Assistance.—The conferees direct the Department to include estimates of ongoing needs for technical assistance funding, including core technical assistance activities and activities related to Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act support, over the ten year budget period in the fiscal year 2020 Congressional Justification. Reintegration of Exoffenders.—The con ferees direct the Department to use funding to support efforts in highcrime, highpoverty areas and, in particular, communities that are seeking to address relevant impacts and root causes of civil unrest and high levels of community violence. JOB CORPS  The conferees urge the Department to continue to ensure effective contract management and administration, including performance reporting and delivery of services. The conferees direct the Secretary to submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate prior to July 1, 2019 that includes a copy of the interagency agreement between the Secretary of Labor and the Secretary of Agriculture relating to the Civilian Conservation Centers, a list of all active Civilian Conservation Centers and contractors administering such Centers, and a cumulative record of the funding provided to Civilian Conservation Centers during the 10 years preceding the date of the report. In addition, such report should include, for each Civilian Conservation Center, the funds allocated to the Civilian Conservation Center; the number of enrollment slots maintained, disaggregated by gender and by residential or nonresidential training type, the career technical training offerings available, the staffing levels and staffing patterns at the Civilian Conservation Center; and the number of Career Technical Skills Training slots available. 
EMPLOYMENT SERVICE OPERATIONS  The conferees direct the Department to submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, no later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, on the implementation of the plan to reduce improper payments published by the Department of Labor in the fiscal year 2017 Agency Financial Report. The report shall identify barriers to the reduction of improper payments that may require Congressional action to address. The conferees include $9,000,000 for the Unemployment Insurance Integrity Center of Excellence (UIICE). The conferees provide $6,000,000 for the benefit of States to the entity operating the UIICE. The conferees direct the Department to focus on proven strategies and continue to test innovative approaches to reducing improper payments in the Unemployment Insurance system. The UIICE should continue its work to address improper payments in the Unemployment Insurance program and, with the support of the Department, to assist States to adopt best practices to identify and prevent improper payments before they occur. Notwithstanding the directive in the House Report 115–862 to limit the use of Employment Service appropriations for administrative purposes to 20 percent, the conferees direct the Department to collect data on the use of Employment Service funding for administrative purposes at the State and local levels, as well as the amount used for local program services. The Department shall make the data publicly available together with program performance information on its website. Office of Foreign Labor Certification. —The conferees include $8,250,000 for the implementation of the Northern Mariana Islands U.S. Workforce Act of2018 (P.L. 115–218). PENSION BENEFIT GUARANTY CORPORATION  The conferees include new bill language modified from the budget request that provides contingent funding for credit monitoring services in the event of a security breach exceeding $250,000. OCCUPATIONAL SAFETY AND HEALTH  ADMINISTRATION (OSHA) The conferees direct OSHA to publish Funding Opportunity Notices for fiscal year 2019 funds for the Susan Harwood Training Grant program no later than June 30, 2019. DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  The conferees include $13,750,000 for the Women’s Bureau and modify language related to the availability of funding for activities authorized by the Women in Apprenticeship and Nontraditional Occupations Act. The conferees intend the $13,750,000 provided be used by the Women’s Bureau for important issues facing women in the labor force. VETERANS EMPLOYMENT AND TRAINING  The conferees include $500,000 for the initiation of the HIRE Vets Medallion Program authorized by the Honoring Investments in Recruiting and Employing American Military Veterans Act of 2017. The conferees include $3,500,000 for a new pilot within the Transition Assistance Program to prepare transitioning service members for apprenticeship programs and to assist them with placement services. GENERAL PROVISIONS  The conferees modify a provision related to the rescission of funds. The conferees include a new provision related to the Working Capital Fund. The conferees include a new provision related to H–1B fees. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES HEALTH RESOURCES AND SERVICES  ADMINISTRATION  
PRIMARY HEALTH CARE  Health Centers.—Ofthe available funding for fiscal year 2019, bill languagedirects that not less than $200,000,000 shall be for making supplemental awards to improve the quality of care under section 330(d) of the Public Health Service Act to expand and improve access to quality mental health and substance use disorder prevention and treatment services nationwide. Native Hawaiian Health Care.—The con ferees include not less than $17,500,000 for the Native Hawaiian Health Care Program. 
HEALTH WORKFORCE  Advanced Education Nursing.—The conferees include $8,000,000 to continue grants for the clinical training of sexual assault nurse examiners as described in Senate Report 115–289. Behavioral Health Workforce Education and Training.—Funding is included to support the mental health and substance abuse workforce and eligible entities under the Behavioral Health Workforce Education and Training program, including Master’s level social workers, psychologists, counselors, marriage and family therapists, psychiatric mental health nurse practitioners, occupational therapists, psychology doctoral interns, and behavioral health paraprofessionals. HRSA should continue to encourage all eligible health professions to apply when applicable and ensure funding for eligible entities, including social work. HRSA should maintain the integrity of this program through an open competition for all eligible entities. Graduate Medical Education.—The conferees include $25,000,000 to support colleges of medicine at public universities located in the top quintile of States projected to have a primary care provider shortage. The conferees direct HRSA to give priority to applications 
from universities located in States with the greatest number of Federallyrecognized Tribes. The conferees direct HRSA to give priority to applications from public universities with a demonstrated publicprivate partnership. Mental and Behavioral Health Education Training.—The conferees include $18,000,000 within the amount provided to Mental and Behavioral Health Education Training for Graduate Psychology Education. National Health Service Corps.—The con ferees include $105,000,000 for the National Health Service Corps to expand and improve access to quality health care and substance use disorder treatment in rural and other underserved areas nationwide. The conferees continue eligibility for loan repayment awards through the National Health Service Corps for substance use disorder counselors. Of the amount provided, the conferees include $15,000,000 for the Rural Communities Opioid Response within the Office of Rural Health and $15,000,000 for placement at health care facilities within the Indian Health Service. Oral Health Training.—The conferees include not less than $12,000,000 for General Dentistry Programs and not less than $12,000,000 for Pediatric Dentistry Programs. The conferees direct HRSA to provide continuation funding for predoctoral and postdoctoral training grants initially awarded in fiscal year 2015, and for section 748 Dental Faculty Loan Program grants initially awarded in fiscal years 2016, 2017, and 2018. The conferees continue to support awards with a preference for pediatric dentistry faculty supervising dental students or residents and providing clinical services in dental clinics located in dental schools, hospitals, and communitybased affiliated sites. 
MATERNAL AND CHILD HEALTH  Autism and Other Developmental Disorders .— The conferees include $50,599,000 for the Autism and Other Developmental Disorders program and provides not less than $33,500,000 for the Leadership Education in Neurodevelopmental and Related Disabilities program. Children’s Health and Development .—The conferees include $3,500,000 within Special Projects of Regional and National Significance (SPRANS) for another year of the HRSA funded study focused on improving child health through a Statewide system of early childhood developmental screenings and interventions. Healthy Start.—The conferees include an increase of $12,000,000 for Healthy Start as part of the new initiative to reduce maternal mortality. The conferees provide this funding to support nurse practitioners, certified nurse midwives, physician assistants, and other maternalchild advance practice health professionals at all program sites nationwide as described under this heading in Senate Report 115–289. Heritable Disorders Program.—The conferees provide $16,383,000 for the Heritable Disorders Program, of which $2,000,000 is provided for newborn screening for Severe Combined Immune Deficiency and related disorders. InfantToddler Court Teams.—The conferees include $3,000,000 within the total provided for SPRANS for continuation of the cooperative agreement, which provides ongoing training and technical assistance, implementation support, and evaluation research to support researchbased InfantToddler Court Teams. Maternal Mortality.—The conferees include $23,000,000 within SPRANS for State Maternal Health Innovation Grants to establish demonstrations to implement evidencebased interventions to address critical gaps in maternity care service delivery and reduce maternal mortality, as described under this heading in Senate Report 115–289. Within this amount, the conferees include up to $1,000,000 for awarding grants for the purchase and implementation oftelehealth services. Such amount may include pilots and demonstrations for the use of electronic health records or other necessary technology and equipment (including ultrasound machines or other technology and equipment that may be useful for the care of pregnant women) and may support efforts to coordinate obstetric care between pregnant women living in rural areas and their providers. In addition to this $23,000,000, the conferees include $3,000,000 within SPRANS to expand implementation of the Alliance for Innovation in Maternal Health Initiative’s maternal safety bundles to all U.S. States, the District of Columbia, and U.S. territories, as well as tribal entities. Setasides within SPRANS.—The conferees include the following setasides within SPRANS. Within the setaside for Oral Health, $250,000 is provided for activities described in House Report 115–862. Budget Activity FY 2019 Conference 
HEALTH CARE SYSTEMS  Office of Pharmacy Affairs.—The conferees urge the Office of Pharmacy Affairs (OPA) to complete the development of a secure website. Within 90 days from the date of enactment of this Act, the conferees direct OPA to issue a report to Congress on its progress implementing these security measures. 
RURAL HEALTH  Delta States Rural Development Network Grant Program.—The conferees encourage HRSA to continue to consult with the Delta Regional Authority (DRA) on the awarding, implementing, administering, and monitoring of grants under the Delta States Network Grant Program in fiscal year 2019. In addition, of the funds provided, the conferees provide $8,000,000 to support HRSA’s collaboration with the DRA to continue DRA’s program to help underserved rural communities identify and better address their healthcare needs and to help small rural hospitals improve their financial and operational performance. Within 90 days from the date of enactment of this Act, the conferees direct HRSA and DRA to provide a joint briefing to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the program’s progress. Rural Communities Opioids Response .—The conferees include $120,000,000 to continue the Rural Communities Opioids Response program. The conferees provide funds to support treatment for and prevention of substance use disorder, focusing on rural communities with the highest risk for substance use disorders. Funds should support activities as described in Senate Report 115–289. In addition to funds provided under this heading, the conferees direct that up to $15,000,000 of the amount provided to the National Health Service Corps be used as part of the Rural Communities Opioids Response program. Within the funding provided, the conferees include an increase of $20,000,000 for the establishment of three Rural Centers of Excellence (Centers) on substance use disorders as directed by Senate Report 115–289. The Centers should provide scientific and technical assistance to county and State health departments and other entities as identified seeking guidance on how to address the substance use disorder challenges in their community. HRSA is directed to establish one such Center at an academic university, in a rural State where the U.S. Census Bureau defines over 60 percent of the population as rural. In addition, the university should be connected to an associated medical school that is already utilizing a collaborative approach to behavioral health care, with partnerships between the university and medical school, and the State has an effective, systemswide approach to addiction treatment, such as the hub and spoke model. In addition, one Center shall be a publicprivate partnership between a nonprofit and an academic university to provide technical assistance and best practices on the development of recovery housing programs for substance use disorder intervention. This Center shall serve multiple States and be based on an intervention model with a demonstrated track record, including multiyear outcomes data conducted by an academic research institution. Furthermore, the Center shall focus on best practices for successful substance use disorder intervention for low income, highrisk individuals, including those who have been involved with the criminal justice system. Finally, one Center shall be at an academic university located in a State included in the Delta Regional Authority or Appalachian Regional Commission with an overdose death rate for synthetic opioids as determined by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention higher than a 150 percent change between 2015 and 2016. Rural Health Outreach.—The conferees include not more than $12,000,000 for Outreach Service Grants; not more than $15,300,000 for Rural Network Development Grants; not less than $20,000,000 for Delta States Network Grant Program; not less than $2,400,000 for Network Planning Grants; and not less than $6,400,000 for Small Healthcare Provider Quality Improvement Grants. Telehealth.—The conferees include $1,000,000 through the Telehealth Network grant program to fund awards that use evidencebased practices that promote school safety and individual health, mental health, and wellbeing. The grants should provide assessment and referrals for health, mental health, or substance use disorders services to students who may be struggling with behavioral or mental health issues. In addition, grants should provide training and support to teachers, school counselors, administrative staff, school resource officers, and other relevant staffs to identify, refer, and intervene to help students experiencing mental health needs or who are considering harming themselves or others. 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT  Oral Health Literacy.—The conferees include $250,000 for the development of an oral health awareness and education campaign across relevant HRSA divisions, including the Health Centers Program, Oral Health Workforce, Maternal and Child Health, Ryan White HIV/AIDS Program, and Rural Health. The conferees direct HRSA to identify oral health literacy strategies that are evidence based and focused on oral healthcare prevention and education, including prevention of oral disease such as early childhood and other caries, periodontal disease, and oral cancer. The conferees expect the Chief Dental Officer to play a key role in the design, monitoring, oversight, and implementation of this project. CENTERS FOR DISEASE CONTROL AND  PREVENTION  The conferees include $7,947,741,000 in total program level funding for the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), which includes $7,143,241,000 in discretionary budget authority and $804,500,000 in transfers from the Prevention and Public Health (PPH) Fund. 
IMMUNIZATION AND RESPIRATORY DISEASES  The conferees include a total of $798,405,000 for Immunization and Respiratory Diseases, which includes $477,855,000 in discretionary appropriations and $320,550,000 in transfers from the PPH Fund. Within this total, the conferees include the following amounts: 
HIV/AIDS, VIRAL HEPATITIS , SEXUALLY TRANS MITTED DISEASES AND TUBERCULOSIS PRE VENTION  The conferees include $1,132,278,000 for HIV/ AIDS, Viral Hepatitis, Sexually Transmitted Diseases, and Tuberculosis Prevention. Within this total, the conferees include the following amounts: 
Infectious Diseases and the Opioid Epidemic.—The conferees include $5,000,000 for a new initiative targeting infectious disease consequences of the opioid epidemic. The conferees direct CDC to focus efforts on improving surveillance, treatment, and education efforts around hepatitis B, hepatitis C, and HIV infections as it relates to the opioid epidemic. CDC is directed to prioritize funding for those areas most at risk for outbreaks of HIV and hepatitis due to injection drug use. 
EMERGING AND ZOONOTIC INFECTIOUS DISEASES  The conferees include $620,372,000 for Emerging and Zoonotic Infectious Diseases, which includes $568,372,000 in discretionary appropriations and $52,000,000 in transfers from the PPH Fund. Within this total, the conferees include the following amounts: 
Harmful Algal Blooms.—The conferees provide $1,000,000 to enhance harmful algal bloom exposure activities, including surveillance, mitigation, and event response efforts, with a priority given to geographic locations subject to a state of emergency designation related to toxic algae blooms within the past 12 months. Lyme Disease.—The conferees provide $12,000,000, an increase of $1,300,000, for Lyme disease activities. 
PROMOTION  The conferees include $1,187,771,000 for Chronic Disease Prevention and Health Promotion, which includes $932,821,000 in discretionary appropriations and $254,950,000 in transfers from the PPH Fund. Within this total, the conferees include the following amounts: Budget Activity FY 2019 Conference 
Barriers to Care for Childhood Cancer Survivors.—Not later than 18 months from the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit a report as stated in section 236 of division B of H.R. 6157 as passed by the Senate on August 23, 2018. Farm to School.—The conferees include $2,000,000 within Nutrition, Physical Activity, and Obesity for research and education activities related to farm to school programs that result in promoting healthy eating habits for students. High Obesity Counties.—The conferees provide $15,000,000 to address obesity in counties as described in Senate Report 115–289. Maternal Mortality Review Committees.— The conferees provide $12,000,000 for Maternal Mortality Review Committees as described in Senate Report 115–289. Racial and Ethnic Approaches to Community Health (REACH).—The conferees include $55,950,000 for the REACH program. Within the total, $34,950,000 is provided for the third year of a fiveyear cooperative agreement for community programs and $21,000,000 is for Good Health and Wellness in Indian Country, as described in House Report 115–862. Safe Motherhood and Infant Health. —The conferees include funding at the fiscal year 2018 level for the teen pregnancy prevention cooperative agreement. 
DISABILITIES  The conferees include $155,560,000 for Birth Defects and Developmental Disabilities. Within this total, the conferees include the following amounts: 
Physical Activity for People with Disabilities.—The conferees provide $30,000,000, an increase of $3,000,000, in Disability and Health, as described in Senate Report 115– 289. Neonatal Abstinence Syndrome.—The con ferees provide $2,000,000 for activities related to neonatal abstinence syndrome as directed in section 246 of division B of H.R. 6157 as passed by the Senate on August 23, 2018. Surveillance for Emerging Threats to Mothers and Babies.—The conferees include $10,000,000 to support CDC’s continued collaboration with State, tribal, territorial, and local health departments to monitor mothers and babies impacted by the Zika virus during pregnancy in the highest risk jurisdictions. This funding will allow CDC to pilot the Zika surveillance/registry system in additional jurisdictions to capture data on other emerging public health threats to mothers and babies, such as opioid use during pregnancy, natural disasters, and pandemic influenza. 
PUBLIC HEALTH SCIENTIFIC SERVICES  The conferees include a total of $496,397,000 for Public Health Scientific Services. Within this total, the conferees include the following amounts: 
National Neurological Conditions Surveillance System.—The conferees provide $5,000,000 for the establishment of the National Neurological Conditions Surveillance System as authorized in the 21st Century Cures Act (P.L. 114–255). Primary Immunodeficiencies.—The conferees include an increase of $1,000,000 for the Office of Public Health Genomics to support existing efforts to enhance education and awareness of primary immunodeficiencies. 
ENVIRONMENTAL HEALTH  The conferees include $209,350,000 for Environmental Health programs, which includes $192,350,000 in discretionary appropriations and $17,000,000 in transfers from the PPH Fund. Within this total, the conferees include the following amounts: 
Trevor’s Law.—The conferees provide $1,000,000 to develop guidelines for investigation of potential cancer clusters as outlined in section 399V–6(c) of the Public Health Service Act. 
INJURY PREVENTION AND CONTROL  The conferees include $648,559,000 for Injury Prevention and Control activities. Within 
Opioid Prescription Drug Overdose (PDO) Prevention Activity.—The conferees include $475,579,000 for the CDC’s PDO activities, the same as the fiscal year 2018 funding level. CDC shall continue to use the provided funds to advance the understanding of the opioid overdose epidemic and scale up prevention activities across all 50 states, Washington, D.C., territories, and Tribes, as well as extend eligibility to local health departments. In addition, CDC shall use $10,000,000 of the funds provided to conduct a nationwide opioid awareness and education campaign. The conferees direct CDC to adhere to guidance included in House report 115–862 and Senate report 115–289 relating to the CDC’s PDO activities. 
SAFETY AND HEALTH  The conferees include a total of $336,300,000 for the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health in discretionary appropriations. Within this total, the conferees include the following amounts: 
Coal Workers’ Health Surveillance. —CDC shall provide a report on the Coal Workers’ Surveillance Program as outlined in section 238 of division B of H.R. 6157 as passed by the Senate on August 23, 2018. Firefighter Cancer Registry.—The conferees provide $1,000,000 to implement the Firefighter Cancer Registry Act of 2018 (P.L. 115– 194). Mesothelioma.—The conferees provide $100,000 to initiate a feasibility study for a patient registry, which would include developing case finding methodology to determine incidence and prevalence, demographics, and risk factors. The conferees expect CDC to submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate after conclusion of the feasibility study. Total Worker Health.—The conferees provide funding in the Other Occupational Safety and Health Research line to continue to support the Total Worker Health program at not less than the fiscal year 2018 level. 
GLOBAL HEALTH  The conferees include $488,621,000 for Global Health activities. Within this total, the conferees include the following amounts: 
PUBLIC HEALTH PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE  The conferees include $1,465,200,000 for public health preparedness and response activities. Within this total, the conferees include the following amounts: 
Strategic National Stockpile (SNS).—The con ferees direct the Secretary to ensure that the administrative transition of the SNS from CDC to ASPR covers any programmatic or funding gaps that would hinder CDC’s ability to continue their ongoing activities related to the SNS or any other ongoing activity. The conferees reiterate that the Secretary is directed to maintain a strong and central role for CDC in the medical countermeasures enterprise. 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  The conferees include $30,000,000 for Buildings and Facilities. 
CDCWIDE ACTIVITIES  The conferees include $323,570,000 for CDC wide activities, which includes $163,570,000 in discretionary appropriations and $160,000,000 in transfers from the PPH Fund. Within this total, the conferees include the following amounts: 
NATIONAL INSTITUTES OF HEALTH  The conferees provide $39,084,000,000 for the National Institutes of Health (NIH), including $711,000,000 from the 21st Century Cures Act (P.L. 114–255), an increase of $2,000,000,000, or 5.4 percent, above fiscal year 2018. The conferees continue the commitment to funding research on Alzheimer’s disease and increase funding by $425,000,000 to a total of $2,340,000,000 in fiscal year 2019; increase funding for the All of Us precision medicine initiative by $86,000,000; increase funding for the Brain Research through Advancing Innovative Neurotechnologies (BRAIN) Initiative by $29,000,000; and increase funding for the Cancer Moonshot by $100,000,000. Other increases are described in the Institute and Center headings below. In addition, the conferees provide a funding increase above fiscal year 2018 to every Institute and Center to continue investments in research that will save lives, lead to new drug and device development, reduce health care costs, and improve the lives of all Americans. The conferees appropriate funds authorized in the 21st Century Cures Act (P.L. 114–255). Per the authorization, $400,000,000 is transferred to the National Cancer Institute (NCI) for cancer research; $57,500,000 to the National Institute of Neurological Disorders and Stroke (NINDS) and $57,500,000 to the National Institute on Mental Health (NIMH) for the BRAIN Initiative; and $196,000,000 will be allocated from the NIH Innovation Fund for the Precision Medicine Initiative cohort ($186,000,000) and regenerative medicine research ($10,000,000). The Common Fund is supported as a set aside within the Office of the Director at $606,566,000, plus an additional $12,600,000 to support pediatric research as authorized by the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act (P.L. 113–94). NATIONAL CANCER INSTITUTE (NCI)  Access to Clinical Trials.—The conferees direct NCI to conduct a study to investigate the impact of providing navigation and direct patient expense reimbursement associated with participation in cancer clinical trials on enrollment, retention, patient outcomes, and research outcomes, including among underrepresented and minority communities. NCI shall assess the impact on the overall cost of cancer clinical trials as a component of this study. NCI is encouraged to develop the study in consultation with NCIdesignated Cancer Centers, the National Clinical Trials Network, the NCI Community Research Program, and nonprofit foundations currently working in this area. The conferees direct NIH to provide a description ofNCI’s plans for this study to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 90 days from the date of enactment of this Act. 
DISORDERS AND STROKE (NINDS)  Opioids Research.—The conferees continue to provide $500,000,000 in dedicated funding for research related to opioid addiction, development of opioid alternatives, pain management, and addiction treatment. Funding is provided equally to NINDS and the National Institute on Drug Abuse (NIDA) and is in addition to the $774,000,000 NIH is expected to spend in base funding for opioid misuse and addiction treatment as well as pain research. 
INFECTIOUS DISEASES (NIAID)  Combating AntibioticResistant Bacteria. — The conferees provide $550,000,000 for antibiotic resistance research, an increase of $37,000,000 above fiscal year 2018. Universal Influenza Vaccine.—The conferees direct NIAID to allocate not less than $140,000,000, an increase of $40,000,000, in fiscal year 2019 to advance basic, translational, and clinical research necessary to develop a universal influenza vaccine. The conferees encourage NIAID to continue to prioritize investment in the basic and clinical scientific research necessary to develop a universal influenza vaccine. 
SCIENCES (NIGMS)  Institutional Development Awards (IDeA). — The conferees provide $361,573,000 for IDeA, an increase of $10,998,000. 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE ON DRUG ABUSE (NIDA)  Opioids Research.—The conferees continue to provide $500,000,000 in dedicated funding for research related to opioid addiction, development of opioid alternatives, pain management, and addiction treatment. Funding is provided equally to NINDS and NIDA and is in addition to the $774,000,000 NIH is expected to spend in base funding for opioid misuse and addiction treatment as well as pain research. 
HEALTH DISPARITIES (NIMHD)  Research Centers in Minority Institutions (RCMIs).—The conferees continue to support the core mission of RCMIs to enhance the research capacity of minority serving institutions to conduct worldclass biomedical research that emphasizes minority health and health disparities and to develop new investigators in this area. The conferees expect RCMIs to receive not less than the fiscal year 2018 level with an increase commensurate with the general increase for NIMHD. 
TRANSLATIONAL SCIENCES  Clinical and Translational Science Awards (CTSA).—The conferees provide $559,736,000 for the CTSA program, an increase of $17,025,000 above fiscal year 2018. Cures Acceleration Network.—The conferees provide up to $80,000,000 for the Cures Acceleration Network. 
OFFICE OF THE DIRECTOR (OD)  Frontotemporal Degeneration (FTD). —The conferees encourage NIH to maintain and expand a multisite infrastructure and network of clinical sites to extend the study of genetic and sporadic FTD cohorts. By supporting this research, researchers may increase our knowledge of the natural history of the disease and build an infrastructure for biomarker discovery and clinical trials in defined FTD cohorts. A key component of this will be to leverage recent advances in information technology to create an infrastructure for FTD research that will collect and record data and samples in a uniform manner, incorporate patientreported data, and take advantage of new technologies that enable remote monitoring. Development of a data biosphere that supports broad sharing of robust datasets, generated with powerful omic platforms, will enable the broader community of researchers, including younger investigators and scientists from a wide array of fields, to bring their expertise and intellectual curiosity to bear on the challenges currently confronting the Alzheimer’s disease and related dementias disorders. In this way, the conferees hope to accelerate the understanding of basic disease mechanisms that may be common across forms of dementia and speed the translation of this information into muchneeded therapeutics. Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act. — The conferees continue bill language for specific funds authorized by the Gabriella Miller Kids First Research Act (P.L. 113–94) within the Common Fund to support the fifth year of the 10year Pediatric Research Initiative. The conferees request an update in the fiscal year 2020 Congressional Justification on this effort as described in the House and Senate Reports. OIG Oversight.—The conferees direct the OD to transfer $5,000,000 to the HHS Office of Inspector General (OIG) to support increased oversight of NIH’s grant programs. These funds are in addition to the resources OIG currently dedicates to oversight of NIH. The conferees direct the Inspector General to submit a comprehensive audit plan for its oversight of NIH for fiscal years 2019 and 2020 to the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate, the Senate Committee on Health, Education, Labor and Pensions, and the House Committee on Energy and Commerce not later than 60 days from the date of enactment of this Act, and to brief the Committees on its implementation. In particular, the conferees direct the OIG to examine NIH’s oversight of its grantees’ compliance with NIH policies, including NIH efforts to ensure the integrity of its grant application evaluation and selection processes. The conferees also direct the OIG to examine the effectiveness of NIH’s and grantee institutions’ efforts to protect intellectual property derived from NIHsupported research. Portfolio Analysis.—The conferees direct the NIH Director to conduct a comprehensive study and submit a report to Congress not later than one year from the date of enactment of this Act that: (1) includes a portfolio analysis of current funding levels for mental health and substance use disorder, and (2) identifies the process by which the NIH set funding priorities for mental health and substance use disorder programs, including how NIH takes into account newly developed public health needs, disease burden, emerging scientific opportunities, and scientific progress. Executive Employee Performance Bonuses. — The conferees direct the NIH Director to provide the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate with information not later than ten days from the date of enactment of this Act showing the bonus that each NIH executive employee was eligible to receive in fiscal years 2015, 2016, and 2017, and the portion of that bonus that each executive ultimately received in each of those three years. In addition, the conferees direct NIH to list all of the employees who report directly to the Director, and describe the formal and informal processes the Director uses to provide regular feedback to his direct reports and assess their performance. Finally, the conferees direct NIH to describe the process it relies upon to ensure executive performance plans are as much as possible based upon specific performance results and measurable outcomes. Trisomy 21.—The conferees applaud the NIH for significantly increasing its investment in Down syndrome research and for the NIH Director’s leadership in advancing the trans NIH initiative the Committees included in the fiscal year 2018 appropriation. The conferees direct NIH to continue to make investments in Down syndrome research that prioritize funding for both research grants and earlystage investigators that will expand the current pipeline of Down syndrome research, as well as the implementation of the new transNIH initiative. In addition, the conferees encourage NIH to prioritize funding for research for emerging scientific opportunities to improve the health and neurodevelopment of individuals with Down syndrome and typical individuals at risk for immune system dysregulation, Alzheimer’s disease, cancer, cardiovascular disease, and autism. Valley Fever.—The conferees understand that based on the recommendation of the independent Data and Safety Monitoring Board (DSMB) for the Valley Fever Randomized Controlled Trial (RCT), NIAID has halted enrollment in the RCT due to lack of patient enrollment, primarily those with Valley Fever. In light of this, the DSMB recommended revising the study protocol. Accordingly, the conferees direct NIAID to revise expeditiously the study design to address the critical need for effective treatment of Valley Fever in order to restart enrolling patients before the end of 2018, including increasing the number of participating healthcare provider enrollment sites. Furthermore, the conferees direct NIAID to work with stakeholders to develop and implement a plan to maximize the number of health care provider patient enrollment sites and raise awareness of this study with the broader public with the goal of increasing patient enrollment. The conferees direct NIAID to provide updates on the Valley Fever RCT revisions on a quarterly basis to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate until patient enrollment is restarted, as well as a report on maximizing health care provider enrollment sites and public awareness plans to increase patient enrollment in the revised RCT within 90 days from the date of enactment of this Act. SUBSTANCE ABUSE AND MENTAL HEALTH  SERVICES ADMINISTRATION (SAMHSA) The conferees strongly encourage SAMHSA to include as eligible applicants in new funding opportunity announcements, States, political subdivisions of States, Indian tribes or tribal organizations, health facilities, or programs operated by or in accordance with a contract or grant with the Indian Health Service, or other public or private nonprofit organizations. The conferees strongly encourage SAMHSA to exercise maximum flexibility when developing funding opportunity announcements to ensure that all eligible applicants may apply. MENTAL HEALTH  Certified Community Behavioral Health Clinics.—The conferees include $150,000,000 for the Certified Community Behavioral Health Clinics program. SAMHSA should award funds in accordance with the directives found under this heading in Senate Report 115–289. National Child Traumatic Stress Initiative. — The conferees include an increase of $10,000,000 for the National Child Traumatic Stress Initiative. This increase is for the following activities, which are subject to the first proviso under this heading in the accompanying bill language: (1) $4,000,000 for mental health services for unaccompanied alien children, with a special focus on children who were separated from a parent or family unit and subsequently classified as unaccompanied alien children, (2) $3,000,000 for mental health services for children in Puerto Rico, (3) $1,000,000 to expand access to tribal populations, and (4) $2,000,000 for activities authorized under section 582(d) and (e) of the Public Health Service Act. In order to award funds not later than December 1, 2018, the conferees direct SAMHSA to take administrative action that would provide supplemental awards to existing grantees in the National Child Traumatic Stress Network who have already received Federal funding through a competitive process. Within the total provided for Mental Health Programs of Regional and National Significance (PRNS), the conferees include the following amounts: 
Project AWARE.—Within the amount provided for Project AWARE, the conferees include not less than $10,000,000 for discretionary grants as described in Senate Report 115–289. Suicide Lifeline.—The conferees include $12,000,000 for the National Suicide Prevention Lifeline, an increase of $4,802,000. The conferees support efforts to expand and enhance access to the suicide lifeline nationwide. 
SUBSTANCE ABUSE TREATMENT  State Opioid Response Grants.—The con ferees include $1,500,000,000 for grants to States to address the opioid crisis. Bill language provides $50,000,000 for grants to Indian tribes or tribal organizations. In addition, bill language includes a 15 percent set aside for States with the highest ageadjusted mortality rate related to opioid use disorders. The conferees direct SAMHSA to adhere to the directives under this heading in Senate Report 115–289. Within the total provided for Substance Abuse Treatment Programs of Regional and National Significance, the conferees include the following amounts: 
Grants to Prevent Prescription Drug/Opioid Overdose and First Responder Training. —The conferees encourage SAMHSA to ensure grantees incorporate robust evidence based intervention training and facilitate linkage to treatment and recovery services. MedicationAssisted Treatment for Prescription Drug and Opioid Addiction. —The con ferees include $89,000,000 for the Medication Assisted Treatment for Prescription Drug and Opioid Addiction program. Within this amount, the conferees include $10,000,000 for grants to Indian tribes, tribal organizations, or consortia. Report on MedicationAssisted Treatment. — Not later than 180 days from the date of enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary shall submit a report on medicationassisted treatment as described in section 242 of division B of H.R. 6157 as passed by the Senate on August 23, 2018. Volcanic Eruption.—The Assistant Secretary shall provide technical assistance to any State or county impacted by a volcanic eruption as stated in section 245 of division B of H.R. 6157 as passed by the Senate on August 23, 2018. 
SUBSTANCE ABUSE PREVENTION  The conferees direct all funding appropriated explicitly for substance abuse prevention purposes both in the Center for Substance Abuse Prevention’s PRNS lines as well as the funding from the 20 percent prevention setaside in the Substance Abuse Prevention and Treatment Block Grant be used only for bona fide substance abuse prevention programs and not for any other purpose. Within the total provided for Substance Abuse Prevention Programs of Regional and National Significance, the conferees include the following amounts: 
Center for the Application of Prevention Technologies.—The conferees encourage the Assistant Secretary to expand eligibility for grants under SAMHSA’s Prevention Programs of Regional and National Significance and the corresponding services provided by the Center for the Application of Prevention Technologies to private, nonprofit, regional organizations, including faithbased organizations. In addition, the conferees direct SAMHSA to submit a report on this program, including the rationale behind the structural and organizational changes, by September 30, 2019. 
HEALTH SURVEILLANCE AND PROGRAM SUPPORT  Within the total provided for health surveillance and program support, the conferees include the following amounts: 
HEALTHCARE RESEARCH AND QUALITY  The conferees provide $338,000,000 for the Agency for Healthcare Research and Quality. Within the total, the conferees include the following amounts: 
Within the patient safety portfolio, the conferees include $2,000,000 to support grants to address diagnostic errors, which may include the establishment of Research Centers of Diagnostic Excellence to develop systems and new technology solutions to improve diagnostic safety and quality. Population Health Research.—The conferees provide $2,000,000 for the Director, in consultation with the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, to establish a program to explore the effectiveness of data computing analytics to identify trends in chronic disease management and support the development of protocols for intervention and utilization of health care navigators to carry out those intervention strategies. The Director shall work in cooperation with qualified public institutions of higher education. CENTERS FOR MEDICARE & M EDICAID SERVICES  (CMS) 
PROGRAM MANAGEMENT  Health Insurance Exchange Transparency. — The conferees continue to include bill language in section 220 that requires CMS to provide cost information for the following categories: Federal Payroll and Other Administrative Costs; Exchangerelated Information Technology (IT); NonIT Program Costs, including Health Plan Benefit and Rate Review, Exchange Oversight, Payment and Financial Management, Eligibility and Enrollment; Consumer Information and Outreach, including the Call Center, Navigator Grants and Consumer Education and Outreach; Exchange Quality Review; Small Business Health Options Program and Employer Activities; and Other Exchange Activities. Cost information should be provided for each fiscal year since the enactment of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act (P.L. 111–148). CMS is also required to include the estimated costs for fiscal year 2020. Report on Certain Payments.—The conferees direct the Secretary to provide a report as stated in section 251 of division B of H.R. 6157 as passed by the Senate on August 23, 2018. ADMINISTRATION FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES  (ACF) 
LOW INCOME HOME ENERGY ASSISTANCE  The conferees include an increase of $50,000,000 for the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program. This program provides critical assistance with home energy costs to lowincome households, with a focus on seniors and homes with young children. Such assistance can be particularly valuable for geographic regions that experience extreme temperatures in the winter and summer months. 
REFUGEE AND ENTRANT ASSISTANCE  The conferees note that the front matter of this joint explanatory statement establishes that language included in the House and Senate Reports should guide the Department. In cases where either the House or Senate Report address a particular issue not addressed in this joint explanatory statement, the House or Senate Report language is deemed to carry the same emphasis as language included in this joint explanatory statement. Accordingly, the conferees expect the Department to adhere to all directives and reporting requirements in House Report 115–862 and Senate Report 115–289 related to the Unaccompanied Alien Children and refugee and entrant assistance programs. The conferees request an update on all reporting requirements in the fiscal year 2020 Congressional Justification. In addition to the directives and reporting requirements contained in the House and Senate reports, the conferees expect the Department to adhere to the following directives and requirements outlined in H.R. 6470, as if they were included in this joint explanatory statement, sections 235 (relating to sibling placement), 236 (relating to monthly reporting), 539 (relating to a Sense of Congress), 541 (relating to preliterate children), and 542 (relating to mental health). For sections 541 and 542, the conferees request the reports described within 45 days from the date of enactment of this Act. Legal Services.—In addition to expectations described in Senate Report 115–289, the conferees expect the Office of Refugee Resettlement to ensure service providers are qualified, independent, and free from conflicts of interest. Refugee Support Services.—Given recent fluctuations in refugee arrivals, consolidation of programs administered by the Office of Refugee Resettlement, and announced policy changes to State Department programs related to national resettlement networks, the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate request a briefing not later than 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. Such briefing shall address the Office of Refugee Resettlement’s plans to ensure adequate 
services for eligible populations, to include refugees, asylees, trafficking victims, Cuban or Haitian entrants, and Special Immigrant Visa holders. Stop, Observe, Ask, Respond (SOAR) Program.—The conferees include not less than the fiscal year 2018 level to carry out the SOAR to Health and Wellness Program to train health care and social service providers on how to identify, treat, and respond appropriately to human trafficking. Transitional and Medical Services.—The con ferees provide a funding level consistent with the current estimate of eligible arrivals. The conferees affirm the expectations outlined in Senate Report 115–289, including ACF maintaining the number of months refugees are eligible for benefits. Unaccompanied Alien Children and the Administration of Medication.—Except in the case of a medical emergency, the Office of Refugee Resettlement of the Administration for Children and Families shall assure that prior to being dispensed psychotropic medication, an unaccompanied alien child (as defined in section 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g)(2))) in the care of such Office receives a physical and mental health evaluation, including by a qualified pediatric mental health professional, including a trauma assessment and an assessment for comorbidities. Unaccompanied Alien Children and Questions Relating to Religion.—None of the funds made available by this Act may be used by the Office of Refugee Resettlement of the Administration for Children and Families, or any contractor of such Office, to ask any question or to gather any information relating to the religion, the practice of religion, or the frequency of religious observation of a child who was separated from a parent or legal guardian and subsequently classified as an unaccompanied alien child (as defined in section 462(g)(2) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 279(g)(2))) or of that child’s parent or legal guardian, during the process of reunifying such a child with that parent or legal guardian, except for the purpose of accommodating the religious preferences of the child or parent or legal guardian, or for the purpose of a claim of the child or parent or legal guardian under the immigration laws (as such term is defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101)) related to persecution on the basis of religion. Victims of Trafficking.—The conferees include $19,000,000 for services for foreign national victims and $7,755,000 for services for U.S. citizens and legal permanent residents. 
CHILDREN AND FAMILIES SERVICES PROGRAMS  Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act Infant Plans of Safe Care.—The conferees include $60,000,000 in continued funding within Child Abuse State Grants to help States develop and implement plans of safe care as required by section 106(b)(2)(B)(iii) of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act. The conferees direct ACF to provide technical assistance to States on best practices and evidencebased interventions in this area to help address the health, safety, and substance use disorder treatment needs of the child and family, and to evaluate State’s activities on plans of safe care. Child Abuse Reporting.—In order to improve compliance with the State assurance in regards to section 106(b)(2)(B)(i) of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, the conferees strongly support efforts by HHS to develop evidenceinformed best practices in State training and procedures to improve reporting of suspected or known incidents of child abuse or neglect to the appropriate law enforcement or child welfare agency (as applicable under State law) and, if applicable, to the individual’s supervisor or employer, including reporting by individuals employed by or volunteering in youthserving organizations. The conferees request an update in the fiscal year 2020 Congressional Justification on this topic and a briefing on ACF’s child abuse programs within 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act. Child Abuse Discretionary Activities. —Within the funding for Child Abuse Discretionary Activities, the conferees include $1,000,000 to continue support for an innovation grant to develop text and online chatbased intervention and education services through a national child abuse hotline for child abuse victims and concerned adults. In addition to funds previously provided for this purpose, the conferees direct ACF to obligate the entire funding to support one additional year of the grant. Community Economic Development. —The conferees direct ACF to issue a funding opportunity announcement prioritizing applications from rural areas with high rates of poverty, unemployment, and substance use disorders. Early Head Start (EHS).—The conferees include a $50,000,000 increase for Early Head Start expansion and Early Head StartChild Care Partnership (EHS–CCP) grants. The conferees direct ACF to continue to prioritize equally EHS Expansion and EHS CCP, as determined by the needs of local communities. The conferees request ACF includes information regarding EHS and EHS– CCP grants in the fiscal year 2020 Congressional Justification. Native American Programs.—The conferees include $12,000,000 for Native American language preservation activities, including $3,000,000 for Generation Indigenous, and not less than $4,000,000 for language immersion programs authorized by section 803C(b)(7)(A)–(C) of the Native American Programs Act. Runaway and Homeless Youth.—The con ferees include $110,280,000 for the Runaway and Homeless Youth program. The conferees direct the Department to provide funding to the grantees whose awards end on March 31, 2019 to continue services through the end of fiscal year 2019. ACF may use any remaining funding for new awards after funds have been reserved for completing extensions to ensure grantees awarded grants in fiscal year 2014 are able to operate through the end of fiscal year 2019. PROMOTING SAFE AND STABLE FAMILIES  Kinship Navigator Programs.—The conferees continue $20,000,000 in temporary bridge funding for kinship navigator programs in fiscal year 2019 because the Department has not yet identified which evidencebased programs are eligible for funding or issued other guidance to States about how to claim the IV–E matching funds for this purpose. The conferees expect HHS to identify eligible approaches and issue guidance in time for States to use IV–E funds for kinship programs. Regional Partnership Grants.—The conferees include $20,000,000 for Regional Partnership Grants to improve the coordination of services for children and families affected by opioid and other substance use disorders. The conferees strongly encourage ACF to prioritize applicants who will focus on preparing programs to qualify as evidencebased foster care prevention services under the Family First Prevention Services Act (P.L. 115–123), to include familyfocused residential treatment programs, which help families remain together safely while parents receive treatment. ADMINISTRATION FOR COMMUNITY LIVING  (ACL) 
AGING AND DISABILITY SERVICES PROGRAMS  Aging Network Support Activities.—The con ferees include $17,461,000 for Aging Network Support Activities. Within this amount, the conferees provide $5,000,000 for the Holocaust Survivor’s Assistance program and $5,000,000 for Care Corps grants as described under this heading in House Report 115–862. Assistive Technology.—The conferees include $2,000,000 for competitive grants as described under this heading in House Report 115–862. Elder Rights Support Activities.—The con ferees include $15,874,000 for Elder Rights Support Activities. Within this amount, the conferees provide $12,000,000 for the Elder Justice and Adult Protective Services program. Developmental Disabilities Projects of National Significance.—The conferees include $12,000,000 for Developmental Disabilities Projects of National Significance. Of this amount, the report provides not less than $1,000,000 to fund transportation assistance activities for older adults and persons with disabilities. The transportation activities should focus on the most costeffective and sustainable strategies that can be replicated in other communities. Family Caregivers.—The conferees include $300,000 to establish and carry out activities of the Family Caregiving Advisory Council as authorized under the RAISE Family Caregivers Act (P.L. 115–119). The conferees also include $300,000 to establish the Advisory Council to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren as authorized under section 3 of the Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act (P.L. 115–196). Independent Living.—The conferees include $116,183,000 for the Independent Living program, of which $25,378,000 is for the Independent Living State Grants program and $90,805,000 is for the Centers for Independent Living program. National Institute on Disability, Independent Living, and Rehabilitation Research. —The con ferees include an additional $4,000,000 to fund competitive research grants as described under the heading Assistive Technology Research in Senate Report 115–289. Paralysis Resource Center.—The conferees include $8,700,000 for the National Paralysis Resource Center (PRC), an increase of $1,000,000. The conferees direct ACL to continue support for the PRC at not less than the fiscal year 2018 level. Senior Nutrition.—The conferees include $906,753,000 for senior nutrition programs, an increase of $10,000,000. OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
GENERAL DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  Nonrecurring Expenses Fund.—The conferees direct the Secretary to prioritize obligations from the Nonrecurring Expenses Fund for the following projects: Indian Health Services facilities, Cybersecurity, Food and Drug Administration laboratory renovations, NIH chillers, and the CDC National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health facility. The conferees direct the Secretary to include as part of the NIOSH facility an additional $19,000,000 above previously notified amounts. Research on Poverty.—The conferees include sufficient funding for the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Planning and Evaluation (ASPE) to continue the existing Poverty Research Center cooperative agreement in fiscal year 2019. The conferees expect ASPE to fund the third year of this fiveyear cooperative agreement at the same level as fiscal year 2018. Staffing Reports.—The conferees include a new general provision requiring the Department to submit a staffing report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of 
Representatives and the Senate (Committees) by the 15th day of each month. The Excel table shall include: the names, titles, grades, agencies, and divisions of all of the political appointees, special government employees, and detailees that were employed by or assigned to the Department during the previous month. Technical Assistance.—The conferees reiterate the importance of the long standing relationship between the Committees and the Department’s Office of the Assistant Secretary for Financial Resources (ASFR). The Committees have long relied on ASFR to facilitate the Committees’ requests for legal and technical feedback that is not covered by a legitimate claim of privilege, as well as technical assistance to ensure the Committees’ guidance is implemented as intended. The Committees expect that all technical assistance requests be dealt with in a manner that is consistent with past precedent, including timely answers that respond to any specific inquiries. Traumatic Brain Injury.—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General shall submit a study on the relationship between intimate partner violence and traumatic brain injury as described in section 240 of division B of H.R. 6157 as passed by the Senate on August 23, 2018. Violence Against Women.—The conferees include $3,100,000 to combat violence against women through the State partnership initiative. 
HEALTH INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  The Secretary shall provide a status report on rulemaking as described in section 239 of division B of H.R. 6157 as passed by the Senate on August 23, 2018. 
EMERGENCY FUND  The conferees include a program level of $2,021,458,000 for the Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund. This funding will support a comprehensive program to prepare for and respond to the health and medical consequences of all public health emergencies, including bioterrorism, and support the cybersecurity efforts of HHS. GENERAL PROVISIONS  Prevention and Public Health Fund. —The conferees include the following allocation of amounts from the Prevention and Public Health Fund. 
The conferees include bill language rescinding unobligated balances. The conferees include a new provision related to a report on staffing. The conferees include a new provision allowing HHS to cover travel expenses when necessary for employees to obtain medical care when they are assigned to duty in a location with a public health emergency. The conferees include a new provision establishing an Infectious Disease Rapid Response Reserve Fund within CDC. The conferees include a new provision relating to donations for unaccompanied alien children. The conferees include a new provision requesting a plan on the reunification of children separated from a parent or legal guardian. The conferees include a new provision relating to Members of Congress and oversight of facilities responsible for the care of unaccompanied alien children. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION INNOVATION AND IMPROVEMENT  Education Innovation and Research (EIR). — Within the total for EIR, the conferees include $60,000,000 for STEM education activities, including computer science. Charter Schools Program.—The conferees include $135,000,000, an increase of $15,000,000, for replicating and expanding highquality charter school models; $235,000,000, an increase of $19,000,000, for grants to State entities to support highquality charter schools; and $55,000,000 for facilities financing assistance, of which not less than $45,000,000 shall be for the Credit Enhancement program. In addition, the conferees include up to $7,500,000 for developer grants to establish or expand charter schools in underserved, high poverty, rural areas, as described in Senate Report 115–289. SAFESCHOOLS AND CITIZENSHIP EDUCATION  Within School Safety National Activities, not more than $10,000,000 may be for a demonstration program to test and evaluate innovative partnerships between institutions of higher education and States or highneed local educational agencies to train school counselors, social workers, psychologists, or other mental health professionals qualified to provide schoolbased mental health services, with the goal of expanding the pipeline of these workers into lowincome public elementary schools and secondary schools in order to address the shortages of mental health service professionals in such schools. SPECIAL EDUCATION  Within the total for Technical Assistance and Dissemination, $17,583,000 is for education activities authorized under P.L. 108– 406, as amended. SPECIAL INSTITUTIONS  The conferees include funding for regional partnerships under the headings American Printing House for the Blind, National Technical Institute for the Deaf, and Gallaudet University in the amounts and as described in Senate Report 115–289. CAREER , TECHNICAL AND ADULT EDUCATION  The conferees agree that the Secretary should use the authority in the Carl D. Perkins Career and Technical Education Act to award innovation and modernization grants. These grants can support coding programs that can be particularly important in rural and underserved areas that do not have access to coding resources. STUDENT FINANCIAL ASSISTANCE  The conferees include a $100 increase in the discretionary maximum Pell grant award, increasing the total maximum award, including additional mandatory funding, to $6,195 in award year 2019–2020. HIGHER EDUCATION  GEAR UP.—The conferees direct the Department to announce Notices Inviting Applications for New Awards for State Grants and Partnership Grants in the Federal Register. In such notice for State grants, the conferees direct the Department to uphold the longstanding guidance that States may only administer one active State GEAR UP grant at a time. The Secretary is directed to provide written guidance in the Federal Register notifying applicants that only States without an active State GEAR UP grant, or States that have an active State GEAR UP grant that is scheduled to end prior to October 1, 2019, will be eligible to receive a new State GEAR UP award funded in whole or in part by this appropriation. Federal TRIO Programs.—The conferees reiterate concerns communicated in both the House and Senate reports related to the allocation of the fiscal year 2018 funding for TRIO programs. The Department’s plan disregarded House direction to allocate funding in the same ratio as the prior fiscal year. In addition, there is also concern that the Department may be placing burdensome requirements for the existing awardees in order for them to receive any additional funding. The conferees direct the Department to include in its fiscal year 2020 Congressional Justification information about how these additional funds were awarded, including a detailed budget justification. Additionally, the conferees expect plans for funding allocations by activity within the TRIO programs to be included in the operating plan required under section 516 of this Act. Last, the conferees direct the Department to brief the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on final funding allocations at least 30 days prior to the awarding of additional funding and/or the posting of a Notice Inviting Applications for New Awards. Open Textbooks Pilot.—The conferees recommend that the Secretary award the funds provided in this Act through a new competition and make not less than 20 new grants with individual grants of between $100,000 and $1,000,000. The conferees recommend that the application deadline for the notice inviting grant applications for fiscal year 2019 be not less than 60 days from the date the notice is published. Further, any tools, technologies, or other resources that are created, developed, or improved wholly or in part with Pilot funds for use with an open textbook must be licensed under a worldwide, nonexclusive, royaltyfree, perpetual, and irrevocable license to the public to exercise any of the rights under copyright conditioned only on the requirement that attribution be given as directed by the copyright owner. HISTORICALLY BLACK COLLEGE AND  UNIVERSITY CAPITAL FINANCING PROGRAM  The conferees include additional funding for the deferment of outstanding loans for private historically Black colleges and universities. Based on current estimates, the conferees expect this funding will allow the Department to fund all 13 eligible requests for loan deferment it received during fiscal year 2018. INSTITUTE OF EDUCATION SCIENCES  The conferees direct the National Assessment Governing Board to brief the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 60 days from the date of enactment of this Act on the resources required to administer a long term trend assessment by 2021. DEPARTMENTAL MANAGEMENT  The conferees note that the front matter of this joint explanatory statement establishes that the Department should be guided by language included in the House and Senate Reports, and when the House or Senate Report address a particular issue not addressed in this explanatory statement, the House or Senate Report should carry the same emphasis as language included in this explanatory statement. 
The conferees reiterate concern expressed in Senate Report 115–289 regarding the Department’s responsiveness to technical assistance requests and continues to note that it expects the Department to comply in a timely manner with its requests for technical assistance and information, consistent with past practice including timely answers that respond to any specific inquiries. Computer Science Education.—The conferees agree that computer science education programs, including coding academies, can provide important benefits to local industries and the economy and help meet indemand workforce needs. Therefore, the Departments of Labor and Education should work together with industry to improve and expand computer science education programs and opportunities, including through apprenticeships. Reorganization.—The conferees acknowledge the Department’s efforts to brief congressional committees on its reorganization plans. However, concerns remain that the views of stakeholders are not being adequately addressed. In particular, the conferees recognize the value of the Office of English Language Acquisition and the Office of Career, Technical and Adult Education (OCTAE) and are concerned that the elimination or consolidation of either office will undermine the ability of the Department to fulfill not only its mission, but also congressional directives to implement relevant programs and purposes. Further, the conferees note that OCTAE is authorized expressly in statute and cannot be consolidated or reorganized except by specific authority granted by Congress. STEM Education.—The conferees direct the Secretary to submit the report described in section 313 of division B of H.R. 6157 as passed by the Senate on August 23, 2018. Study on School Facilities.—The conferees delete without prejudice section 315 of the Senate bill and direct the Comptroller General of the United States to conduct a study on the condition of the public school facilities (including charter schools) of the United States and their adequacy to support a 21st century education as described in section 315 of division B of H.R. 6157 as passed by the Senate on August 23, 2018. GENERAL PROVISIONS  The conferees include a new provision allowing administrative funds to cover outstanding Perkins loans servicing costs. The conferees include a new provision allowing for loan deferment for borrowers with certain medical conditions. The conferees include a new provision rescinding unobligated discretionary balances previously appropriated for the Pell grant program. The conferees modify a provision rescinding fiscal year 2019 mandatory funding to offset the mandatory costs of increasing the discretionary Pell award. The conferees modify a provision clarifying current law regarding data sharing with organizations assisting students in applying for financial aid. The conferees include a new provision extending and expanding Impact Aid hold harmless provisions to address a unique eligibility issue, based on a sudden change in longstanding precedent in eligibility determinations relating to local tax rate calculations. TITLE IV RELATED AGENCIES CORPORATION FOR NATIONAL AND COMMUNITY  SERVICE (CNCS) Innovation, Demonstration, and Other Activities.—The conferees include $7,600,000 for innovation, demonstration, and assistance activities. Within the total, the conferees recommend $5,400,000 for the Volunteer Generation Fund. The conferees also include a total of $2,200,000 for National Days of Service, to be allocated equally between the September 11 National Day of Service and Remembrance and the Martin Luther King, Jr. National Day of Service, two important national events. Commission Investment Fund (CIF). —The conferees include not less than $8,500,000 for CIF, which provides funds to State commissions for training and technical assistance activities to expand the capacity of current and potential AmeriCorps programs, particularly in underserved areas. INSTITUTE OF MUSEUM AND LIBRARY SERVICES  Within the total for the Institute of Museum and Library Services, the conferees include funds for the following activities: 
RAILROAD RETIREMENT BOARD  The conferees include $10,000,000 within the Limitation on Administration account for the implementation of information technology systems modernization efforts for fiscal year 2019, in addition to the $10,000,000 provided in fiscal year 2018. The Railroad Retirement Board is directed to continue to submit quarterly updates to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate on the project status, completed and remaining activities, timelines to completion, and the total cost of development until project completion. SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINISTRATION (SSA) 
LIMITATION ON ADMINISTRATIVE EXPENSES  Administrative Law Judges.—It is vital that Administrative Law Judges (ALJs) be independent, impartial, and selected based on their qualifications. The conferees expect SSA to maintain a high standard for the appointment of ALJs, including the requirement that ALJs have demonstrated experience as a licensed attorney and pass an ALJ examination administered by the Office of Personnel Management. Consultative Examinations.—The conferees support efforts by SSA to pursue, where practicable, and in conjunction with State Disability Determination Services, pilot demonstrations that would evaluate the feasibility of, potential administrative savings from, and potential for improvements in the quality of consultative examinations from the implementation of contracts for consultative examinations. In addition, the conferees request SSA include in its fiscal year 2020 Congressional Justification the following information: (1) annual number of consultative examinations, including the number for each State, (2) the percentage of applicants who require a consultative exam, and the share of those exams which are conducted by the treating medical provider, nationally and for each state, (3) the number of days for consultative examination completion nationally, including the number of days for each State, and (4) the total cost of consultative examinations nationally, including the cost of consultative examinations by State. Disability Case Processing System (DCPS). — The conferees support efforts to modernize the case processing systems used by State Disability Determination Service agencies. Division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 underscored States’ ability to select from all available options to modernize their case processing systems. The conferees remain concerned with the progress of the DCPS upgrade. Within 90 days from the date of enactment of this Act, SSA shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate and the authorizing committees of jurisdiction. Such report shall include: (1) an update on the actions taken by SSA to permit States the ability to select from available options, including commercial off the shelf (COTS) solutions, to modernize their case processing systems, so long as the selected option has similar or better functionality as DCPS without imposing costs that are higher than using DCPS, (2) actions taken by SSA to enable COTS field production deployment, and (3) a description of any challenges, cost constraints, or legal barriers to implementation from available options. Work Incentives Planning and Assistance (WIPA) and Protection and Advocacy for Beneficiaries of Social Security (PABSS). —The con ferees include $23,000,000 for WIPA and $7,000,000 for PABSS. TITLE V G ENERAL PROVISIONS  The conferees modify a provision related to Performance Partnership Pilots. The conferees include bill language rescinding various unobligated balances. 
Insert offset folio 778/854 here EH091318.284DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Dislocated Worker Assistance, current year ........ D Advance from 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D Subtotal 
133,556 (712,000) 712,000 Conference 133,556 (712,000) 712,000 Conference vs. Enacted 
~·····845,556 815,556 845,556 845,556 845,556 903,416 873,416 903,416 903,416 903,416 180,860 160,860 180,860 180,860 180,860 (860,000) (860,000) (860,000) (860,000) (860,000) 860,000 860,000 860,000 860,000 860,000 
(1,217,832) (1,137,832) (1 ,217,832) (1,217,832) ( 1 '217 '832) 
{1,572,000) (1 ,572,000) (1 ,572,000) (1 ,572,000) (1 ,572,000) 
Insert offset folio 778/855 here EH091318.285DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
·696,368 510,717 (496,368) (385, 717) (200,000) (125,000) House Senate 
Insert offset folio 778/856 here EH091318.286DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
(1,714,200) (1 ,523,549) (1,902,341) ( 1 ,729' 200) (1 '730,700) (+16,500) 
(1,772,000) (1 ,697,000) (1 ,572,000) ( 1 '772' 000) (1,772,000) 
400,000 400,000 400,000 400,000 790,000 790,000 790,000 790,000 790,000 
Insert offset folio 778/857 here EH091318.287DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Unemployment Compensation (UI): State Operations. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . TF 
Federal Funds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D 
Trust Funds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . TF 
(21 ,413) (21 ,413) (21,413) (21 ,413) (21 ,413) (664,818) 
Insert offset folio 778/858 here EH091318.288DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUHAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Insert offset folio 778/859 here EH091318.289DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (Amounts 
7,034 2,079 FY 2019 Request 59,744 8,580 2' 184 38,997 35,914 6,781 2,065 House Senate Conference 
39,264 39,264 39,264 36' 160 36' 160 36' 160 
··~~~· ~·158,656 154,265 158,656 158,656 158,656 (108,674) (104,623) (108,674) (108,674) (108,674) 
Total, Employment and Training Administration .. . 10,018,202 8,787,050 
3' 226' 198 3,304,926 9,905,660 6,604,095 (4,832,095) (1,772,000) 3,301,565 ·112,542 +16,500 (+16,500) 129,042 
Insert offset folio 778/860 here EH091318.290DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
WAGE AND HOUR DIVISION, Salaries and Expenses ......... D 
OFFICE OF LABORMANAGEMENT STANDARDS, Salaries and Expenses. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D 181 ,000 
(424,417) 227,500 40 '187 189,500 (445,363) 230,068 46,634 180,600 (445,363) 225,500 42' 187 186,500 (445,363) 229,000 40' 187 181,000 (445,363) 229,000 41 '187 (+20,946) +1,500 +1 ,000 
Insert offset folio 778/861 here EH091318.291DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Federal Employees' Compensation Benefits .............. M Longshore and Harbor Workers' 
(115,424} {2' 177) {2, 173) {2, 177) (2, 177} (2' 177} 
Insert offset folio 778/862 here EH091318.292DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Benefit Payments. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . M 
Request 20,000 5,319 House 20,000 5,319 Senate 20,000 5,319 Conference 20,000 5,319 Conference vs. Enacted 45,000 
327,826 327,826 327,826 327,826 88,379 356 356 356 356 356 ............
Insert offset folio 778/864 here EH091318.294DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
~..... ............ _ ... _ .... M ... __   M ~·141,018 134,715 133,481 141,018 143,518 +2,500 
Insert offset folio 778/865 here EH091318.295DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Enacted 160,000 94,500 4,500 6,627 39,320 35,041 17,990 15' 838 FY 2019 
5,345 7,394 38,297 33,848 21,953 15,958 House Senate Conference 153,773 
39,320 39,320 39,320 35,041 35,041 35,041 17,990 17,990 17,990 
(1,594,190) (1 ,595,350) (1 ,576,026) (1 ,605, 190) (1 ,601 ,690) 
( 2' 177) (2' 173) (2, 177) (2, 177) (2, 177) Conference vs. Enacted 
Insert offset folio 778/866 here EH091318.296DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Executive Direction and Staff Services ............... . D FY 2018 
Insert offset folio 778/867 here EH091318.297DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
18,500 23,808 35,462 3,525 6,833 9,927 House Senate Conference 
Insert offset folio 778/868 here EH091318.298DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Insert offset folio 778/869 here EH091318.299DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
 ~  ~  89' 147 87,721 89' 147 89' 147 89' 147 
(8,237,506} (6,985,977) (8,225,356} (8,143,379} ( 8' 14 4 '099) ( 93,407) 
(1 ,787,000} ( 1 ,711 ' 000) (1,586,000) ( 1 ' 7 86' 000) (1 ,786,000) ( 1 '000) 
Insert offset folio 778/870 here EH091318.300DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Community Health Centers. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D Mandatory budget 
Centers of Excellence. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D 
1 '190  1 '190 1' 190 1 '190 48,970 
Insert offset folio 778/871 here EH091318.301DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
at ric Programs. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D Mental and 
Public Health and Preventive Medicine programs ........ D Nursing 
Nurse Education, Practice, and Retention .......... D Nursing Workforce 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D Teaching Health 
'700 4,455 50,599 16,383 122,500 17,818 22,334 5,000 10,000 
2019 Request 655,876 1,315,005 (900,313) 201,079 75,088 13,122 2,260,170 
2018 Enacted 71,500 9,351 49,609 10,000 10,000 1 '834 23,500 100,000 15.000 
, . . . . . . . . . . . D 286,479 286,479 
286,479 286,479 Program Management. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D 155,000 
Insert offset folio 778/875 here EH091318.305DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Total, Vaccine Injury Compensation Trust Fund ... FY 2018 
317,200 Conference 308,000 9,200 317,200 Conference vs. Enacted +40,000 +40,000 
Insert offset folio 778/876 here EH091318.306DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health. D Energy Employees 
Insert offset folio 778/877 here EH091318.307DIVISION 6DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Office of the Director. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D 
Total, Centers for Disease Control Program Level FY 2018 
    (240,000)  ~~ ·~ ...  (8,301 '166) (5,660,755) (7,685,266) (7,874,141) ( 7 ' 94 7 ,7 41 ) (353,425) 
Insert offset folio 778/878 here EH091318.308DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
National Heart, Lung, and Blood Institute (NHLBI) ..... 0 
Insert offset folio 778/879 here EH091318.309DIVISION BOEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Health and Human Development (NICHD)., ......... , .... D 
1. 711 . 775 556,881 377 '871 FY 2019 
Insert offset folio 778/880 here EH091318.310DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
============== ============== ============== ============== ============== =============== Total, National Institutes of Health (NIH) ..... . 
(Evaluation Tap Funding) .. , .............. ,., ... . 
Insert offset folio 778/881 here EH091318.311DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Community Mental Health Services Block Grant (MHBG} ... D 
Subtotal, Mental Health program level .......... . FY 2018 
Insert offset folio 778/882 here EH091318.312DIVISION 8DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Substance Abuse Prevention and Treatment Block Grant .. D 
449' 125 (2,000) Conference 458,677 (2,000) Conference vs. Enacted +55,250 
.. ·(1 ,858,079) (1,858,079} (2,358,079) (1 ,858,079} (1 ,858,079} 
Insert offset folio 778/883 here EH091318.313DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Insert offset folio 778/884 here EH091318.314DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Total, Public Health Service Program Level ..... . FY 2018 
Insert offset folio 778/885 here EH091318.315DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Subtotal, Medicaid Program Level ............... . Less funds advanced 
New advance, 1st quarter, FY 2020 ........... M Payments 
Total, Payments to Trust Funds, Program Level ... FY 2018 
Insert offset folio 778/886 here EH091318.316DIVISION B··DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
3,669,744 3,543,879 3,502,024 3 '669 ,744 3 '669 ,744 
84,398 . . . .  ... . .. 84,398 
+20,000    747' 558' 187 796,825,688 796,778,833 796,946,553 796,946,553 +49,388,366 743,143,443 
Insert offset folio 778/887 here EH091318.317DIVISION 8DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Payments to States for Child Support Enforcement and Family 
Total, Family Support Payments Program Level ... . Less 
New advance, 1st quarter, FY 2020 ........... M FY 2018 
Insert offset folio 778/888 here EH091318.318DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
~~~ft·· ~~  Total, Refugee and Entrant Assistance .......... . 1,864,936 1,792,311 1 '864' 936 1,905,201 
Insert offset folio 778/889 here EH091318.319DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
to States for the Child Care and Development Block Grant 
Service Connection for Youth on the Streets ....... D 
Chi 1 d Abuse State Grants. .. .. .. .. . . . .. .. . .. .. .. . .. D 
projects. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D Adoption 
Insert offset folio 778/890 here EH091318.320DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Grants to States for Community Services ....... D Economic Deve 1 opment. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D Rural Community Faci 1 
Total, Children and Families Services Programs .. FY 2018 
Request 6,512 52,050 House 6,512 55,050 750,000 19,883 10,000 Senate 6,512 54,050 725,000 19,883 8,000 Conference 6,512 54,550 725,000 19,883 9,000 Conference vs. Enacted +500 +10,000 +1,000 
Insert offset folio 778/891 here EH091318.321DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Total, Promoting Safe and Stable Families ...... . Payments 
•••••~•·~~~ ••••••••••••• .,..,..,. • .,..,..,..,..,..,. .. .,..,.~ •w••••••••••• •••••••••••• ..... .,. ..... .,. .. .,..,..,..,..,..,..,. ... 
(34,118,630) (26,399,213) (33,915,477) (34,211 ,742) (34,212,742) (+94,112) ( 4 ' 
Insert offset folio 778/892 here EH091318.322DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
385,074 24,848 21,658 Conference 385,074 24,848 21,658 Conference vs. Enacted 
·~~·~ ~~190' 142 158,142 191,142 190,442 191,242 +1. 100 490,342 
.,. _____________ __ .. ___________ ·.. ~___________ .., ___ 
.. ............... ______ .. __________ ,.. ___ 1,518,475 1,391,595 1,519,475 1,518,775 1,529,575 +11,100 
Insert offset folio 778/893 here EH091318.323DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Limb Loss Resource Center. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D Traumatic 
Request 31,208 8,998 19,490 3,360 11,874 6' 119 9,321 House 35,208 17,461 23,500 4,110 8,000 .. 
(14 '700) (14,700) 4,110 4 '11 0 (8,000) (8,000) 
(5,000) (5,000) 15,874 15,874 8,119 8 '119 49,115 49' 115 
8,700 8,700 3,500 3,500 11 '321 11 '321 Conference vs. Enacted +1 ,000 +5,000 
Insert offset folio 778/894 here EH091318.324DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Enacted 76,000 40,734 6,963 12' 000 40,619 FY 2019 
12,000 12,000 40,619 40,619 Conference 76,000 40,734 6,963 12 '000 
~254' 153 127,936 260,970 258. 153 261 ,153 +7,000 
Insert offset folio 778/895 here EH091318.325DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, ANO RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
on Aging. .. .. .. . .. . .. .. . .. .. .. . .. .. . TF 
( 2' 095 ' 1 00) (1 ,781 '181) (2,137,617) ( 2 ' 1 00' 400) (2,120,200) 
~ 2,171,915 1,818,681 2, 186,732 2,177,215 2,197,015 Conference vs. Enacted 
Insert offset folio 778/896 here EH091318.326DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
General Departmental Management, Federal Funds ........ D Teen Pregnancy 
199,919 101,000 (6,800) Conference 200,919 101,000 (6,800) Conference vs. Enacted 
Insert offset folio 778/897 here EH091318.327DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 (Amounts 
Account for the State Response to the Opioid Abuse 
Office of Medicare Hearings and Appeals ............. ,. TF 
Insert offset folio 778/898 here EH091318.328DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Survivors Benefits . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . M 
Request 469,246 31,756 128,207 House 469,246 31,756 128,207 Senate 
469,246 31,756 128,207 Conference 469,246 31,756 128,207 Conference vs. Enacted +12,980 +173 
24,654 26,596 24,654 24,654 24,654 57,404 49,809 62,404 57,404 57,404 
536,700 511,700 586,700 561,700 561,700 +25,000 14' 877 14,849 14,877 14,877 14,877 
.., ____________ ,. .............. ~ .. _____ .,. _________ 
1 '639' 128 1,973,388 2' 489' 128 1 '689' 128 1 '689' 128 +50,000 
Insert offset folio 778/899 here EH091318.329DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Total, Office of the Secretary Program Level .... FY 2018 
Insert offset folio 778/900 here EH091318.330DIVISION B·DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Total, Title II, Health and Human Services ..... . 
Total, Prevention and Public Health Fund 1/ .... . 
Institute for Research on Safety and Quality 847,608,029 842,952,589 (704' 004' 830) (138,947,759) 4,655,440 (996,000) (840,600) (240,000) 895,412,883 890,939,923 ( 
4,472,960 (711 ,000) 897,996,649 893,498,929 (751,367,132) (142, 131 '797) 
4,497,720 (711 ,000) (848,000) 899,211,952 894,536,512 (752,404,715) (142 '131 '797) 4,675,440 (711,000) (848,000) 899,197,404 894,521,964 (752' 390' 167) (142,131 ,797) 
Insert offset folio 778/901 here EH091318.331DIVISION aDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
1,540,776 2,681,497 1 '540' 776 1,415,776 1 '440' 776 100' 000 
Insert offset folio 778/902 here EH091318.332DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
(3,969,050) 4,031,550 4,031,550 (3,969,050) 4,031,550 4,031,550 Conference (3,969,050) 4,019,050 4,019,050 (3,969,050) 4,019,050 4,019,050 Conference vs. Enacted 
Insert offset folio 778/903 here EH091318.333DIVISION 6DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Request 44,623 House 44,623 Senate 44,623 Conference 44,623 Conference vs. Enacted 
(4,200,269) 1' 189,233 48,316 4,835 17.406 16,443,790 (5,602,613) (10' 841 '177) 
(5,525,990) 1,320,242 48,316 4,835 17.406 75,313 16.568,790 (5,727,613) (10,841,177) (5,650,990) 1,294,242 48,316 4,835 17,406 74,313 16,543,790 (5,702,613) ( 1 0 . 841 ' 177 ) 
(5,625,990) 1,301,242 48,316 4,835 17,406 74,313 +100,000 (+100,000) (+100,000) +31 ,000 +1,000 
1,414,112 1. 259,790 1 '466' 112 1,439,112 1 '446' 112 +32,000 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D Subtotal, 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D Comprehensive Centers 
Insert offset folio 778/905 here EH091318.335DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Insert offset folio 778/906 here EH091318.336DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Current funded. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D Forward funded. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D 
Insert offset folio 778/907 here EH091318.337DIVISION 8DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Grants to States Part B current year .............. D 
381 '120 368,238 395,000 381 '120 391 '120 470,000 
Insert offset folio 778/908 here EH091318.338DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Protection and Advocacy of Individual Rights (PAIR) ... D Supported 
Keller National Center for Deaf/Blind Youth and D Adults 
28,047 229,803 Senate 28,047 239,716 Conference 28,047 243,216 Conference vs. Enacted +6,000 
(4,082,801) (9,283,383) (3,845,585) 3,452,931 13,000 29,388 5,796 17' 650 
33,317 10,336 13,422,651 (3,939,268) (9,483,383) (3,709,465) 3,521,990 13. 000 
29,388 5,796 17,650 22,548 33,317 14,000 13,493,684 (4,210,301) (9,283,383) (3,970,585) 3,521,990 13,000 29,388 5,796 17.650 22,548 33,317 12,500 13,468,728 ( 4 . 185 '345) 
(9,283,383) (3,942,129) 3,521,990 13.000 29,388 5,796 17.650 22,548 33,317 13,500 +102,544 (+102,544) (+96,544) +69,059 +1 ,000 
Insert offset folio 778/909 here EH091318.339DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Operations. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D FY 2018 
Request 25,431 70,016 121,275 House 28,431 75,000 134,361 Senate 30,431 76,500 133,000 Conference 30,431 77,500 134,361 Conference vs. Enacted +3,000 +4,500 +6' 361 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D Subtotal, Basic State Grants, program level. 
1,314,598 239,931 401,598 (791,000) 791,000 1 '192, 598 7,421 1 
'200' 019 242,292 471,598 (791,000) 791,000 1,262,598 7 '421 
Insert offset folio 778/910 here EH091318.340DIVISION 8DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
FEDERAL DIRECT STUDENT LOAN PROGRAM ACCOUNT ........... CH FY 2018 
1,830,686 1,637' 159 1,945,265 1,855,686 1 '925 '686 +95,000 
(1 ,039,686) (846,159) ( 1 '154' 265) (1 ,064,686) ( 1 ' 1 34' 686) (+95,000) 
(791,000) (1,039,686) (846, 159) (1,154,265) ( 1 '064' 686) ( 1 ' 134' 686) (+95,000) 
Insert offset folio 778/911 here EH091318.341DIVISION 8DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
31 • 539 27,599 31,539 32,234 31 ,854 8,571 
Insert offset folio 778/912 here EH091318.342DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D 
Graduate Assistance in Areas of National Need ......... D Teacher 
Child Care Access Means Parents in School ............. D Fund 
for the Improvement of Postsecondary Ed. (FIPSE). D Consoli 
65' 103 7,061 Senate 65,103 7,061 Conference 65 '1 03 
Insert offset folio 778/913 here EH091318.343DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Total, HBCU Capital Financing Program .......... . FY 2018 
205,788 3,405 27,325 Conference 205,788 3,405 27,325 Conference vs. Enacted +4,000 
334 30' 150 20' 150 30' 150 30' 150 40' 150 +10,000 
Insert offset folio 778/914 here EH091318.344DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Insert offset folio 778/915 here EH091318.345DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Insert offset folio 778/916 here EH091318.346DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
COMMITTEE FOR PURCHASE FROM PEOPLE WHO ARE BLIND OR 
Volunteers in Service to America (VISTA) ... , ...... D National 
208' 117 +6,000  __________ .. ...... _,..,., ___________  _____ .... _ .... ____ 294,481 5' 261 294,481 
Insert offset folio 778/917 here EH091318.347DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Total, Corp. for National and Community Service. FY 2018 
Insert offset folio 778/918 here EH091318.348DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
FY 2021 (current) with FY 2019 comparable ......... 0 
FY 2020 advance with FY 2018 comparable (NA) ...... NA 
FY 2019 advance with FY 2017 comparable (NA) ...... NA 
445,000 (445,000) 445,000 (445,000) 445,000 20,000 Conference vs. Enacted 
Insert offset folio 778/919 here EH091318.349DIVISION 8DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
FEDERAL MINE SAFETY AND HEALTH REVIEW COMMISSION ...... D 
MEDICAID AND CHIP PAYMENT AND ACCESS COMMISSION ....... D 
Limitation on the Office of Inspector General ......... TF FY 2018 
Insert offset folio 778/920 here EH091318.350DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Beneficiary Services. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . M 
Admi ni strati on. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D 
~·~~··   ~  53,487,277 60,708,000 60,751 '000 60,890,721 60,866,203 +7,378,926 
Insert offset folio 778/921 here EH091318.351DIVISION 8DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
OASDI Trust Funds. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . TF 
SSI . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . TF 
1 ,000 1 '000 1 '000 1,000 1 ,000 
1,000 1,000 1 '000 1,000 1 ,000 ·~··*··  115,000 129,000 129,000 129,000 129,000 +14,000 
 ·····* ~  11 '133' 945 10,704,000 10,868,045 11 ,262,945 11 '187 '945 +54,000 
Insert offset folio 778/922 here EH091318.352DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Insert offset folio 778/924 here EH091318.354DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Insert offset folio 778/925 here EH091318.355DIVISION 8DEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
HBCU Hurricane Supplemental Loan Program {loan forgiveness) (Sec. 20804) (emergency) ............... . Tot a 1 , 
. . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . . D Surplus 
Insert offset folio 778/927 here EH091318.357DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
Dislocated Workers assistance National Reserve (rescission), ... ,., ... ,.,,,.,,.,.,,.,., .. ,.,,, .. D Working 
(reappropriation) (CBO estimate) ..... , .. , .. ,,, .. D Foreign Labor 
(rescission) .. , .. ,, ... , .. , .. ,., .. ,.,, .... , CH 
rescission) . , , .. , , ...... , .... , , , , . , . , , . CH 
Limitation on eligible health care entity .. , .. ,, .. CH 
Student loan medical deferment ...... ,, .. , .. ,., .... CH 
Pell unobligated balances (rescission) ........ ,,,. D FY 2018 
Insert offset folio 778/928 here EH091318.358DIVISION BDEPARTMENTS OF LABOR, HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES, AND EDUCATION, AND RELATED AGENCIES APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 
21ST Century Cures Act adjustment (PL 114255) .... D 
RODNEY P. FRELINGHUYSEN , KAYGRANGER , TOMCOLE, KENCALVERT , STEVE WOMACK , ROBERT B. A DERHOLT , HAROLD ROGERS , MARTHA ROBY, NITAM. L OWEY , PETER J. V ISCLOSKY , ROSADELAURO , LUCILLE ROYBAL ALLARD , BETTY MCCOLLUM , Managers on the Part of the House. RICHARD C. S HELBY , ROYBLUNT , LINDSEY GRAHAM , JERRY MORAN , PATRICK J. L EAHY , PATTY MURRAY , RICHARD J. D URBIN  (Except Senate receding on Senate section 252), Manager on the Part of the Senate. f 
BUDGETARY LEVELS FOR FISCAL YEAR 2019  HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , COMMITTEE ON THE BUDGET , Washington, DC. Mr. Speaker, I hereby submit for printing in the Congressional Record revisions to the aggregates and allocations set forth in the Statement of Committee Allocations, Aggregates, and Other Budgetary Levels for Fiscal Year 2019 published in the Congressional Record on May 10, 2018 pursuant to section 30104 of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–123). The revision is for new budget authority and outlays for provisions designated for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 (BBEDCA), contained in the conference report to accompany H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019. The Statement of Committee Allocations, Aggregates, and Other Budgetary Levels for Fiscal Year 2019 set the base discretionary 302(a) allocation to the Committee on Appropriations at $1.244 trillion, which is the sum of the fiscal year 2019 discretionary spending limits under section 251(c) of BBEDCA. Section 251(b) of BBEDCA allows for adjustments to the discretionary spending limits for certain purposes including Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism, disaster relief, and program integrity initiatives. The conference report to accompany H.R. 5895, the Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act, 2019, contains $921 million in budget authority for Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism. Accordingly, I am submitting an adjustment for an additional $921 million in budget authority to accommodate Overseas Contingency Operations/Global War on Terrorism funding contained in the conference report to accompany H.R. 5895. After making this adjustment, the conference report to accompany H.R. 5895 is within the fiscal year 2019 discretionary spending limits under section 251(c) of BBEDCA, in addition to the aggregates and the 302(a) allocation to the Committee on Appropriations established by the Statement of Committee Allocations, Aggregates, and Other Budgetary Levels for Fiscal Year 2019 filed on May 10, 2018. Budget enforcement provisions of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress) have been deemed to be in force by section 30104(f) of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018. This revision represents an adjustment for purposes of enforcing sections 302 and 311 of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974. For the purposes of the Congressional Budget Act of 1974, these revised aggregates and allocations are to be considered as aggregates and allocations included in the budget resolution, pursuant to the Statement published in the Congressional Record on May 10, 2018, as adjusted. Sincerely, STEVE WOMACK , Chairman. 
[Onbudget amounts, in millions of dollars] Fiscal Year 2019 2019–2028 
1Not applicable because annual appropriations acts for fiscal years 2020–2028 will not be considered until future sessions of Congress. 
TABLE 2.—ALLOCATION OF SPENDING AUTHORITY TO HOUSE COMMITTEE ON APPROPRIATIONS 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 994. An act to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide for the protection of community centers with religious affiliation, and for other purposes. f 
BILL PRESENTED TO THE PRESIDENT Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported that on September 12, 2018, she presented to the President of the United States; for his approval, the following bill: 
H.R. 6124. To amend title II of the Social Security Act to authorize voluntary agreements for coverage of Indian tribal council members, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 48 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Monday, September 17, 2018, at 1 p.m. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
6218. A letter from the Director, Office of Management and Budget, Executive Office of The President, transmitting the September 2018 Monthly Cumulative Report on Rescissions, pursuant to 2 U.S.C. 685(e); Public Law 93344, Sec. 1014(e); (88 Stat. 335) (H. Doc. No. 115—153); to the Committee on Appropriations and ordered to be printed. 6219. A letter from the Deputy Secretary, Department of Agriculture, transmitting a report of violations of the Antideficiency Act, pursuant to 31 U.S.C. 1351; Public Law 97258; (96 Stat. 926); to the Committee on Appropriations. 6220. A letter from the Director, Office of Legislative Affairs, Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, transmitting the Corporation’s final rule — Expanded Examination Cycle for Certain Small Insured Depository Institutions and U.S. Branches and Agencies of Foreign Banks (RIN: 3064AE76) received September 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 6221. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting the Department’s final rule — Continued Temporary Modification of Category XI of the United States Munitions List (RIN: 1400AE70) received September 7, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 6222. A letter from the Assistant Attorney General, Office of Legislative Affairs, Department of Justice, transmitting the 2017 Annual Report on the Activities and Operations of the Public Integrity Section Criminal Division, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 529(a); Public Law 95521, Sec.603(a); (92 Stat. 187); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6223. A letter from the Director, Administrative Office of the United States Courts, transmitting the revised 2017 annual report on bankruptcy statistics, pursuant to 28 U.S.C. 159(b)(3); Public Law 1098, Sec. 601(a); (119 Stat. 119); to the Committee on the Judiciary. 6224. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Sandusky Bicentennial Fireworks, Sandusky Bay, Sandusky, OH [Docket No.: USCG2018 0777] (RIN: 1625AA00) received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6225. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Great Lakes Offshore Grand Prix, Lake Erie, Dunkirk, NY [Docket No.: USCG20180683] (RIN: 1625AA00) received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6226. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lower Mississippi River, New Orleans, LA [Docket No.: USCG20180348] (RIN: 1625AA00) received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 
U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6227. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Security Zone; Ohio River, Olmsted, IL [Docket No.: USCG2018 0700] (RIN: 1625AA87) received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6228. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lower Mississippi River, Mile Markers 230.4 to 215, Baton Rouge, LA [Docket No.: USCG2018 0744] (RIN: 1625AA00) received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6229. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Lake Michigan, Chicago, IL [Docket No.: USCG 20180707] (RIN: 1625AA00) received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6230. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Upper Mississippi River, Mile Markers 751.2 to 751.8, Alma, WI [Docket No.: USCG20180742] (RIN: 1625AA00) received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 6231. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, U.S. Coast Guard, Department of Homeland Security, transmitting the Department’s temporary final rule — Safety Zone; Delaware River Fireworks Display, Delaware River, Philadelphia, PA [Docket No.: USCG 20180810] (RIN: 1625AA00) received September 10, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. SMITH of Texas: Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. H.R. 6227. A bill to provide for a coordinated Federal program to accelerate quantum research and development for the economic and national security of the United States; with an amendment (Rept. 115–950). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5175. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to carry out a program relating to physical security and cybersecurity for pipelines and liquefied natural gas facilities; with an amendment (Rept. 115–951, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN: Committee of Conference. Conference report on H.R. 6157. A bill making appropriations for the Department of Defense for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–952). Ordered to be printed. REPORTED BILL SEQUENTIALLY REFERRED Under clause 2 of rule XII, bills and reports were delivered to the Clerk for printing, and bills referred as follows: 
Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5175. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to carry out a program relating to physical security and cybersecurity for pipelines and liquefied natural gas facilities, with an amendment; Rept. 115–951, Part 1 referred to the Committee on Transportation for a period ending not later than September 28, 2018, for consideration of such provisions of the bill and amendment as fall within the jurisdiction of that committee pursuant to clause 1(r) of rule X. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. BUCSHON (for himself and Mr. SHIMKUS ): H.R. 6793. A bill to transfer a bridge over the Wabash River to the States of Illinois and Indiana, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. COFFMAN (for himself and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI ): H.R. 6794. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to authorize additional visas for welleducated aliens to live and work in the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas (for herself and Mr. LUCAS ): H.R. 6795. A bill to award a gold medal on behalf of the United States Congress to the women who worked as computers, mathematicians, and engineers for the National Advisory Committee on Aeronautics and the National Aeronautics and Space Administration from the 1930s to the 1970s in recognition for their service to the Nation in the fields of aeronautics and astronautics; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. STEFANIK (for herself, Mr. FASO, Mr. F ITZPATRICK , Mr. S TIVERS , Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Mr. B ACON , Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. COFFMAN ): H.R. 6796. A bill to reauthorize Department of Justice programs that combat violence against women, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Natural Resources, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 6797. A bill to reauthorize Department of Justice programs that combat violence against women, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Natural Resources, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BYRNE (for himself and Mrs. HANDEL ): H.R. 6798. A bill to require the Director of the Institute of Education Sciences to make available to elementary and secondary school officials research for improving school safety, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6799. A bill to authorize disaster recovery assistance for areas affected by wildfires on Federal Lands, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, and Small Business, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. POCAN (for himself, Ms. PINGREE , Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K HANNA , Ms. DELAURO , and Mr. E LLISON ): H.R. 6800. A bill to impose a moratorium on large agribusiness, food and beverage manufacturing, and grocery retail mergers, and to establish a commission to review large agriculture, food and beverage manufacturing, and grocery retail mergers, concentration, and market power; to the Committee on Agriculture, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. VARGAS (for himself, Mr. THOMAS J. R OONEY of Florida, and Mr. PETERS ): H.R. 6801. A bill to establish a Rare Disease Therapeutics Corporation to encourage the development of highrisk, highreturn therapies for rare diseases, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 6802. A bill to provide support to develop career and technical education programs of study and facilities in the areas of renewable energy; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 6803. A bill to direct the Secretary of Education to make grants to institutions of higher education for active assailant consulting and training programs; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. BABIN (for himself and Ms. SEWELL of Alabama): H.R. 6804. A bill to improve processes for alternative wastewater systems, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, and Agriculture, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. BASS (for herself, Mrs. LOVE, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Ms. MCSALLY , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. S TEFANIK , Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Ms. G RANGER , Ms. L OFGREN , Mrs. COMSTOCK , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana, Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, Ms. JAYAPAL , Mrs. N OEM, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mrs. B LACK , Mrs. WAGNER , Ms. K APTUR , Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER , Ms. M ATSUI , Ms. R OS LEHTINEN , Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mrs. HANDEL , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. CHENEY , Ms. F UDGE , 
Mrs. R OBY, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mrs. WALORSKI , Mrs. D INGELL , Ms. S PEIER , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. N ORTON , Ms. LEE, Ms. M OORE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. PINGREE , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Ms. TITUS, Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. H ANABUSA , Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mrs. DAVIS of California, Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. B ONAMICI , Mrs. BUSTOS , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Ms. TSONGAS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. S INEMA , Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. D ELAURO , Ms. ADAMS , and Ms. S CHAKOWSKY ): H.R. 6805. A bill to prohibit the use of restraints and restrictive housing on inmates during the period of pregnancy, labor and postpartum recovery, to collect data on incarcerated pregnant women in the United States and the results of such pregnancies, to address the health needs of incarcerated women related to pregnancy and childbirth, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. BORDALLO (for herself and Mr. SABLAN ): H.R. 6806. A bill to amend the Violent Crime Control and Law Enforcement Act of 1994 to increase the minimum amount made available to territories under the Sexual Assault Services Program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. CARTWRIGHT (for himself, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, and Ms. TSONGAS ): H.R. 6807. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to make certain improvements in the laws relating to coal royalties, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Financial Services, and Transportation and Infrastructure, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DESAULNIER (for himself and Mr. POEof Texas): H.R. 6808. A bill to provide payment for patient navigator services under title XIX of the Social Security Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico (for herself, Mr. SERRANO , Mr. BACON , Mr. S OTO, and Mrs. M URPHY of Florida): H.R. 6809. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for temporary stabilization of Medicare Advantage payments following Hurricane Maria; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GOSAR (for himself, Mr. NORMAN, and Ms. S PEIER ): H.R. 6810. A bill to affirm the power of the President to revoke the Presidential Medal of Freedom awarded to Bill Cosby and to provide for criminal penalties for anyone who wears or publicly displays a Presidential Medal of Freedom that has been revoked; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 6811. A bill to amend the Age Discrimination in Employment Act of 1967 to extend protection to additional employees; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 6812. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow unreimbursed employee expenses to be taken into account as miscellaneous itemized deductions; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas (for himself and Mr. LARSON of Connecticut): H.R. 6813. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow qualified distributions from health savings account for certain home care expenses; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. KAPTUR (for herself and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 6814. A bill to require the Secretary of Energy to establish and carry out a program to provide financial assistance to units of local government impacted by the reduction in tax revenue from nuclear power plants; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LAMB (for himself and Ms. STEFANIK ): H.R. 6815. A bill to authorize the use of veterans educational assistance for examinations and assessments to receive credit toward degrees awarded by institutions of higher learning, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. LOVE (for herself, Mr. BIGGS, Mr. CURTIS , Mr. B ISHOP of Utah, and Mr. STEWART ): H.R. 6816. A bill to amend title 17, United States Code, to exempt certain performances from copyright and trademark infringement, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6817. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to reinstate the deduction for interest on home equity indebtedness; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MCEACHIN: H.R. 6818. A bill to amend the Safe Drinking Water Act to increase assistance for States, water systems, and disadvantaged communities; to encourage good financial and environmental management of water systems; and to strengthen the Environmental Protection Agency’s ability to enforce the requirements of the Act, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. MCKINLEY (for himself and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 6819. A bill to establish a worker adjustment assistance program to provide assistance and job retraining for workers who have lost their jobs due to unplanned closures of coal and coal dependent industries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NORCROSS (for himself and Mr. MCKINLEY ): H.R. 6820. A bill to direct the Secretary of Labor to support the development of preapprenticeship programs in the building and construction trades that serve underrepresented populations, including individuals from low income and rural census tracts; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida (for himself, Mr. DUNN, Mr. RATCLIFFE , Mr. W EBSTER of Florida, Mr. GROTHMAN , and Mr. G AETZ ): H.R. 6821. A bill to address foreign threats to higher education in the United States; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 6822. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to prescribe regulations on caller identification information authentication technology, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 6823. A bill to amend title XIX of the Social Security Act to require States to suspend, rather than terminate, an individual’s eligibility for medical assistance under the State Medicaid plan while such individual is an inmate of a public institution; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself, Ms. ESHOO , Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina, and Ms. LOFGREN ): H.R. 6824. A bill to prohibit States from retroactively imposing a sales tax collection duty on a remote seller, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. TSONGAS (for herself and Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire): H.R. 6825. A bill to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Nashua, Squannacook, and Nissitissit Rivers as components of the Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6826. A bill to amend the Small Business Act to provide for disaster loans to repair, rehabilitate, or replace property damaged or destroyed by hurricane Harvey, Irma, or Maria, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Small Business. By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ (for herself, Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. DELAURO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. GUTIE´RREZ , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. MCGOVERN , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. SERRANO , Mr. S IRES, Mr. S OTO, Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, and Mr. WELCH ): H.R. 6827. A bill to provide the option of discharging certain unsecured financial obligations of selfgoverning territories of the United States; to the Committee on Natural Resources, and in addition to the Committees on the Judiciary, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. WAGNER (for herself, Mr. CASTROof Texas, Mrs. M IMIWALTERS of California, Ms. SINEMA , and Ms. TENNEY ): H.R. 6828. A bill to require a strategy for engagement with Southeast Asia and the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Ms. CASTOR of Florida (for herself, Mr. HOYER , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. N EAL, and Mr. SCOTT of Virginia): H.J. Res. 140. A joint resolution providing for congressional disapproval under chapter 8 of title 5, United States Code, of the final rule of the Department of the Treasury, the Department of Labor, and the Department of Health and Human Services relating to ‘‘ShortTerm, LimitedDuration Insurance’’; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Education and the Workforce, and Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. 
By Mr. ROE of Tennessee (for himself, Mr. RUIZ, Mr. H ARRIS , and Mr. B ERA): H. Con. Res. 136. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress on the need to improve and expand training for future physicians on properly treating pain and prescribing opioids, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. LAHOOD (for himself, Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Ms. K ELLY of Illinois, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. R OSKAM , Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. R USH, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. FOSTER , Mr. B OST, Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. S HIMKUS, Mr. K INZINGER , and Mrs. BUSTOS ): H. Res. 1063. A resolution designating room H226 of the United States Capitol as the ‘‘Lincoln Room’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. POE of Texas: H. Res. 1064. A resolution honoring the work done by the 12th Woman; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. YARMUTH (for himself, Mr. ROEof Tennessee, and Mr. M CNERNEY): H. Res. 1065. A resolution expressing support for designation of the week of September 23 through 29, 2018, as National Adult Education and Family Literacy Week; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. YOUNG of Iowa (for himself, Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. D IAZBALART , Mr. BLUM, Mr. J OYCE of Ohio, Mrs. M IMI WALTERS of California, Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. BACON , Mr. V ALADAO , Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. B OST, Ms. H ERRERA  BEUTLER , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indiana, Mr. KINGof New York, Mr. R ENACCI , Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. N EWHOUSE , Mr. HURD, Mr. H UIZENGA , Miss G ONZA´LEZ COLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Mr. U PTON , Mr. COFFMAN , Mr. C URBELO of Florida, Mr. YODER , Mr. K ATKO , Mr. DONOVAN , and Ms. M CSALLY ): H. Res. 1066. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that protections for individuals with preexisting conditions should be retained in law regardless of further amendments to, or the repeal of, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. KATKO (for himself, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , and Mr. B EYER ): H. Res. 1067. A resolution recognizing suicide as a public health problem and expressing support for designation of September as ‘‘National Suicide Prevention Month‘‘; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CA´RDENAS (for himself, Mr. AGUILAR , Ms. B ARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ASS, Ms. BONAMICI , Ms. B ORDALLO , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mrs. BUSTOS , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. C ARBAJAL , Ms. CASTOR of Florida, Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. CLAY, Mr. C ORREA , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. CROWLEY , Mr. C UELLAR , Mr. D ANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mrs. D AVIS of California, Ms. DEGETTE , Ms. D ELBENE, Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. D EUTCH , Mrs. D INGELL , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. ENGEL , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. EVANS , Ms. F RANKEL of Florida, Mr. GOMEZ , Mr. G ONZALEZ of Texas, Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. G UTIE´RREZ , Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. H IGGINS of Louisiana, Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. K EATING , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. KILDEE , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. L ANGEVIN , Mr. L ARSEN of Washington, Ms. LEE, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mrs. L OWEY , Mr. B EN RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. LYNCH , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. M ATSUI, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. M CEACHIN , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. M CNERNEY , Mr. MEEKS , Ms. M ENG, Ms. M OORE , Mr. MOULTON , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mrs. NAPOLITANO , Mr. N OLAN , Mr. NORCROSS , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. O’HALLERAN , Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. P ASCRELL , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. PETERS , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. QUIGLEY , Mr. R ASKIN , Miss R ICE of New York, Ms. ROSEN , Ms. R OYBAL  ALLARD , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. S ABLAN , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. SERRANO , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. S IRES, Mr. SMITH of Washington, Mr. S OTO, Ms. SPEIER , Mr. S UOZZI , Mr. SWALWELL of California, Mr. T AKANO , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Ms. T ITUS, Mrs. TORRES , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. VEASEY , Mr. V ELA, Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ , Mrs. W ATSONCOLEMAN , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. TEDLIEUof California, Mr. VISCLOSKY , Mr. G ALLEGO , Mr. C ARSON  of Indiana, and Mr. RICHMOND ): H. Res. 1068. A resolution recognizing Hispanic Heritage Month and celebrating the heritage and culture of Latinos in the United States and the immense contributions of Latinos to the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Ms. GABBARD (for herself and Mr. JONES ): H. Res. 1069. A resolution requiring the President to seek congressional authorization prior to any engagement of the United States Armed Forces against any adversary; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. f 
PRIVATE BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 3 of rule XII, 
Mr. KILDEE introduced a bill (H.R. 6829) for the relief of Francis Anwana; which was referred to the Committee on the Judiciary. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BUCSHON: H.R. 6793. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Art. I Sec. 8 Clause 3 By Mr. COFFMAN: H.R. 6794. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6795. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Ms. STEFANIK: H.R. 6796. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. POE of Texas: H.R. 6797. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 18 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution which states that Congress has the power ‘‘to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. BYRNE: H.R. 6798. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6799. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution: ‘‘The Congress shall have power to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States’’ By Mr. POCAN: H.R. 6800. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power . . . To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mr. VARGAS: H R. 6801. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: (1) to lay and collect taxes, duties, imposts and excises, to pay the debts and provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States; but all duties, imposts and excises shall be uniform throughout the United States, as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the U.S. Constitution; (2) To borrow money on the credit of the United States, as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 2 of the U.S. Constitution; (3) To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes, as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 of the U.S. Constitution; (4) To promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries as enumerated in Article 1, Section 8, Clause 8 of the U.S. Constitution; (5) to make all laws necessary and proper for executing powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, as enumerated in Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MCNERNEY: H.R. 6802. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. MARINO: H.R. 6803. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. BABIN: H.R. 6804. 
Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Ms. BASS: H.R. 6805. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 1 of the United States Constitution, providing—‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Ms. BORDALLO: H.R. 6806. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States and Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. CARTWRIGHT: H.R. 6807. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (relating to the power of Congress to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes.) By Mr. DESAULNIER: H.R. 6808. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8. By Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´N of Puerto Rico: H.R. 6809. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 1 of the U.S. Constitution ‘‘All legislative Powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the U.S. Constitution Congress shall have the power . . . ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. GOSAR: H.R. 6810. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 6811. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. GROTHMAN: H.R. 6812. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. SAM JOHNSON of Texas: H.R. 6813. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. 16th Ammendment: The Congress shall have power to lay and collect taxes on incomes, from whatever source derived, without apportionment among the several States, and without regard to any census or enumeration. By Ms. KAPTUR: H.R. 6814. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 By Mr. LAMB: H.R. 6815. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Section 8—Powers of Congress. To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mrs. LOVE: H.R. 6816. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6817. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: The Congress shall have Power to lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States; but all Duties, Imposts and Excises shall be uniform throughout the United States. By Mr. MCEACHIN: H.R. 6818. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. MCKINLEY: H.R. 6819. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: According to Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution: The Congress shall have power to enact this legislation to regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes. By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 6820. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida: H.R. 6821. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. SCHNEIDER: H.R. 6822. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 6823. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 1 By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 6824. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 of the constitution of the United States By Ms. TSONGAS: H.R. 6825. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6826. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 1 ‘‘The Congress shall have Power to . . . provide for the . . . general Welfare of the United States; . . .’’ By Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ: H.R. 6827. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 The Congress shall have Power * * * To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes. By Mrs. WAGNER: H.R. 6828. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 and 18 of the Constitution Mr. KILDEE: H.R. 6829. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 By Ms. CASTOR of Florida: H.J. Res. 140. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 84: Mr. L ATTA . H.R. 93: Mr. SIRES. H.R. 502: Mr. TIPTON and Mr. Y ODER . H.R. 544: Mr. BYRNE and Mr. S ENSEN BRENNER . H.R. 592: Mr. MASTand Mr. L OUDERMILK . H.R. 669: Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 712: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H.R. 754: Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. B ISHOP of Michigan, Mr. WALKER , Mr. K EATING , Mr. AMODEI , Mr. C RAWFORD , Mr. C ULBERSON , Mr. COLE, and Mr. G OWDY . H.R. 850: Mr. CLOUD . H.R. 907: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 930: Mr. CASTRO of Texas and Mr. BUDD. H.R. 1045: Mr. CLOUD . H.R. 1121: Mr. YODER , Mrs. H ANDEL , Mr. SCHWEIKERT , Mr. C ARTER of Georgia, Mr. GROTHMAN , Mr. M ACARTHUR , Mr. G IBBS, Mr. PAULSEN , Mr. G IANFORTE , and Mr. A MODEI . H.R. 1212: Mr. KATKO . H.R. 1278: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 1318: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 1447: Mr. RUSH, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. ENGEL , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 1515: Mr. HIMES, Ms. C LARKE of New York, Ms. ESTY of Connecticut, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. KEATING , Mr. L OBIONDO , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mr. ESPAILLAT , and Ms. R OSLEHTINEN . H.R. 1542: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1550: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 1615: Mr. TEDLIEUof California. H.R. 1661: Mr. LOEBSACK and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 1683: Mr. BYRNE , Mr. C OSTA , and Ms. ESTYof Connecticut. H.R. 1783: Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 1874: Mr. COHEN . H.R. 1881: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 1957: Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Mr. L YNCH , Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. C A´RDENAS , Ms. C LARKE of New York, Mrs. TORRES , Mr. V ARGAS , Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. COSTA , Mr. S ERRANO , Mr. K EATING , Mr. NORCROSS , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , MS. ROSEN , Mr. HUFFMAN , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, and Mr. KIND. 
H.R. 2119: Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. DELANEY , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. R UIZ, Mr. VARGAS , Mrs. T ORRES , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. RASKIN , and Mr. K IND. H.R. 2150: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 2315: Mr. HULTGREN , Mr. R UTHERFORD , and Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 2358: Mr. KEATING and Ms. E STY of Connecticut. H.R. 2472: Mr. MEEKS and Mrs. M URPHY of Florida. H.R. 2495: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 2498: Mr. SOTO, Mr. C OHEN , Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. DEUTCH , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. K APTUR, Mr. C OOPER , Mr. K IHUEN , Mr. H IGGINS of New York, Mr. KILMER , Mr. R USH, Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. R OSEN , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. YARMUTH , Mr. K EATING , Mr. L OBIONDO , Ms. ESTYof Connecticut, Mr. R UIZ, and Mr. ESPAILLAT . H.R. 2587: Mr. SIMPSON , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. COLE, and Ms. J ACKSON LEE. H.R. 2651: Mr. LIPINSKI . H.R. 2899: Mr. CICILLINE . H.R. 2911: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 2925: Mr. MOULTON and Mr. P OCAN . H.R. 2957: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 3113: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ and Mr. G ENE GREEN of Texas. H.R. 3222: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. RUIZ, Mr. S WALWELL of California, Mr. SCHNEIDER , Mrs. M URPHY of Florida, Mr. COSTA , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , Mr. LARSEN of Washington, and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 3325: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 3520: Mr. DELANEY , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali fornia, Mr. RUIZ, Ms. E STYof Connecticut, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. K EATING , Mr. Y ARMUTH , Mr. CARTWRIGHT , and Ms. R OSEN . H.R. 3730: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 3790: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio and Mr. NORMAN . H.R. 3891: Mr. WALDEN . H.R. 3918: Mrs. COMSTOCK . H.R. 3976: Mr. GUTHRIE . H.R. 4022: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 4057: Mr. LAMB. H.R. 4099: Mr. LATTA , Mr. F LORES , and Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 4107: Mr. KEATING , Mr. G RIJALVA , Ms. DELAURO , Mr. R UTHERFORD , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , and Ms. MENG. H.R. 4202: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 4253: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 4340: Mr. CLOUD . H.R. 4447: Mrs. HANDEL . H.R. 4556: Ms. KELLY of Illinois. H.R. 4647: Mr. KUSTOFF of Tennessee, Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. PINGREE , Mr. L ATTA , and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 4732: Mr. BISHOP of Michigan, Mr. HUIZENGA , Mr. R OEof Tennessee, Mr. C ULBERSON , and Mr. C ALVERT . H.R. 4846: Mr. BOST. H.R. 4922: Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 4985: Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico. H.R. 5113: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 5129: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire and Mr. MCCAUL. H.R. 5138: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 5141: Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN . H.R. 5153: Ms. STEFANIK and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 5199: Mr. LAHOOD and Mr. P OEof Texas. H.R. 5222: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 5226: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 5282: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER and Mr. DEUTCH . H.R. 5306: Mr. WALDEN and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 5314: Mr. KIND. H.R. 5374: Mr. LOBIONDO , Mr. K EATING , and Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 5541: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 5610: Mr. BACON . H.R. 5634: Mr. PANETTA and Mr. C RIST. H.R. 5639: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 5658: Mr. BARLETTA . H.R. 5671: Mr. LAMBORN and Mr. K EATING . H.R. 5780: Mrs. DEMINGS . H.R. 5879: Mr. KNIGHT , Mr. H URD, Ms. SA´NCHEZ , and Mr. M ACARTHUR . H.R. 5899: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 6033: Mr. LYNCH , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. S CHNEIDER , Mrs. MURPHY of Florida, Mr. G OMEZ , Mrs. D AVIS of California, Mr. NOLAN , Mrs. C AROLYN B. MALONEY of New York, Ms. R OSEN , Ms. P INGREE , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. C ROWLEY , and Mr. KIND. H.R. 6048: Mr. HASTINGS , Mr. R USH, and Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD . H.R. 6081: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 6085: Ms. HERRERA BEUTLER and Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 6093: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 6114: Mr. GALLEGO and Mrs. N APOLI TANO . H.R. 6137: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire. H.R. 6158: Mr. WILLIAMS and Mr. LOUDERMILK . H.R. 6256: Mr. PETERS . H.R. 6261: Mrs. LESKO . H.R. 6267: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 6269: Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. H.R. 6270: Mr. LOBIONDO . H.R. 6273: Mr. LANCE . H.R. 6356: Mr. LATTA . H.R. 6406: Ms. STEFANIK . H.R. 6416: Mr. NORCROSS . H.R. 6417: Mr. WALBERG and Mr. GIANFORTE . H.R. 6418: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 6420: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 6486: Mr. HILL. H.R. 6510: Ms. JAYAPAL , Mr. W ALDEN , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. Q UIGLEY , Mr. H ECK, Mrs. LESKO , Mr. R ODNEY DAVIS of Illinois, and Mr. LAWSON of Florida. H.R. 6517: Mr. CROWLEY and Miss R ICEof New York. H.R. 6571: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 6578: Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas and Mr. CAPUANO . H.R. 6606: Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Penn sylvania. H.R. 6609: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 6625: Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 6631: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 6635: Mr. MCKINLEY , Mr. W ELCH , and Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio. H.R. 6636: Mr. COFFMAN and Mr. G ARRETT . H.R. 6649: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 6657: Mr. GOHMERT and Mr. D UNCAN of South Carolina. H.R. 6664: Mr. CHABOT , Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee, Mr. D UNN, Mr. GENEGREEN of Texas, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. LIPINSKI , Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. N ORMAN , Mr. BARR, and Mr. S MITH of New Jersey. H.R. 6681: Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, and Mr. MOOLENAAR . H.R. 6683: Mr. DIAZBALART . H.R. 6685: Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 6689: Mr. GOTTHEIMER . H.R. 6700: Mr. POSEY . H.R. 6713: Ms. ROSLEHTINEN and Mr. BACON . H.R. 6723: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 6724: Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 6733: Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. C RAMER , Mr. SCHRADER , Mr. W ALDEN , and Ms. H ERRERA BEUTLER . H.R. 6734: Mr. COOK, Mrs. R ADEWAGEN , and Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 6737: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia. H.R. 6755: Mr. SMITH of Texas. H.R. 6766: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 6771: Mr. PALAZZO . H.R. 6774: Mr. CURBELO of Florida, Mr. RYAN of Ohio, Mr. C OLE, Mr. M ESSER , Mr. BILIRAKIS , Mr. J ONES , Mr. V ELA, Mr. T ROTT , Mr. BUCK, and Mr. M OOLENAAR . H.J. Res. 31: Ms. JACKSON LEE. H. Con. Res. 60: Mr. EVANS . H. Con. Res. 72: Ms. TITUS and Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . H. Res. 993: Ms. ESHOO , Mr. K ENNEDY , Ms. ESTYof Connecticut, and Mr. S CHRADER . H. Res. 1022: Mr. MACARTHUR and Ms. STEFANIK . H. Res. 1034: Mr. LUETKEMEYER , Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. F RANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Mr. ROKITA , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. CORREA , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. P AYNE , Mr. R UIZ, Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. B ACON , Mr. GARRETT , and Mr. J OHNSON of Ohio. H. Res. 1056: Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. T AKANO , and Mr. KIND. H. Res. 1057: Mr. MEEKS , Mr. M CGOVERN , and Mrs. WAGNER . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S6157 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 2018 No. 153 
The Senate met at 9:45 a.m. and was called to order by 