Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to make clear the dangers of a partisan farm bill that we are considering in the House Agriculture Committee this week. Bipartisanship is not simply a buzzword. Bipartisanship is vital for policies to serve the widest range of Americans. Sadly, it is in short supply these days in our Capitol. The House Agriculture Committee has, for over 40 years, traditionally been a very bipartisan committee because our Nation’s food supply affects everyone: rich and poor, farmers and consumers, Democrats and Republicans alike. Our farm bill is America’s food bill, and it needs to be about feeding all of us. I always say it is really a matter of our national security, yet the bill we are considering this week is, without question, a partisan farm bill. 
We see this in how it fails to serve key parts of our Nation and abandons many of our food insecure. A partisan farm bill is bad policy, plain and simple. It will not succeed legislatively nor can it be implemented successfully. I ask that we put aside these partisan differences, do as we have done traditionally, and work together to pass a bipartisan farm bill in the House and in the Senate that the President can sign. 
POLITICALLY BIASED MEDIA (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, Morning Consult recently asked Americans about their views of television’s political bias. Respondents were four times as likely to say television programs present a more liberal perspective than a conservative one. The liberal media, including Hollywood studios, have dismissed the views of most Americans. They portray American life in their own liberal image. News reports, movies, and TV shows reflect the liberal leanings of the media producers, not most American’s values. To be fair and balanced, the media should represent American families and their values, not just the producers’ political and cultural philosophy. 
RUSSIANS LIED—SYRIANS DIED (Mr. POE of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POE of Texas. Mr. Speaker, the Russians lied. In 2013, the Russian bear entered into a sweeping agreement with the United States. The deal, Syria’s arsenal of chemical weapons would be removed by the middle of 2014. Russia would guarantee this agreement. In return, the United States would indefinitely stall air strikes. For months, we have watched in horror as defenseless men, women, and children were murdered by the rogue Syrian regime, intent on using chemical weapons against their own people. Friday evening, President Trump joined our allies, France and Britain, to authorize precision air strikes against chemical weapon production and storage in Syria. This decisive retaliation was an appropriate, targeted response to this horrific crime. No chemical weapons in Syria. However, the United States’ role in Syria must be focused. The U.S.’ purpose in Syria is to eradicate the influence of ISIS. Any other U.S. military escalation of the Syrian war must be authorized by Congress. But meanwhile, Assad the butcher now knows from our President not to cross a red line and use chemical weapons on his people. And that is just the way it is. f 
COMMUNICATION FROM CONSTITUENT SERVICES DIRECTOR, THE HONORABLE JACKIE SPEIER, MEMBER OF CONGRESS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from Mark H. Nagales, Constituent Services Director, the Honorable JACKIE SPEIER , Member of Congress: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 11, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARMR. SPEAKER : This is to notify you formally, pursuant to Rule VIII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, that I have been served with a subpoena for testimony as a witness in a criminal trial issued by the Superior Court of the State of California, County of San Mateo. After consultation with the Office of General Counsel, I have determined that compliance with the subpoena is consistent with the privileges and rights of the House. Sincerely, MARKH. N AGALES , Constituent Services Director. f 
RESIGNATION AS MEMBER OF COMMITTEE ON VETERANS’ AFFAIRS The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following resignation as a member of the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs: 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, April 13, 2018. Hon. PAULRYAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : I am resigning, as of this date, my position on the House Veterans’ Affairs Committee. Membership on Veterans’ Affairs has proven to be invaluable to me in providing for veterans and their families and for active service members in the Northern Marianas Islands. These heroes are remote from the services of the Veterans Administration and have been neglected; but the Department has proven responsive to me as a member of the Committee. It is my intention to build on the relationships I have established with the Department and within the Committee, so that my constituents who have served their nation in the military may continue to receive the services they have earned and deserved. Sincerely, GREGORIO KILILI CAMACHO SABLAN , Member of Congress. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 5 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 2 o’clock and 8 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. b1659 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at 4 o’clock and 59 minutes p.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, each year, the National Park Service collects approximately $2 million in fees for medical services provided to park visitors. Current law requires the Park Service to send the money it collects for these services to the Treasury rather than keeping them in the site where the services are performed. This requires the Park Service to use money out of individual park budgets to mitigate the costs associated with medical services. H.R. 3607 authorizes the Park Service to collect and retain fees for medical services, which would relieve some of the financial pressure faced by our parks and ensure that these services will be available to visitors. Mr. Speaker, I believe that H.R. 3607 is a good bill, and I urge my colleagues to vote for its passage. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Hawaii for her kind words and support, and I urge adoption of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3607, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
WEST FORK FIRE STATION ACT OF 2017 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4609) to provide for the conveyance of a Forest Service site in Dolores County, Colorado, to be used for a fire station. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4609 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘West Fork Fire Station Act of 2017’’. 
In this Act: (1) COUNTY .—The term ‘‘County’’ means Dolores County, Colorado. (2) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of Agriculture. (3) WEST FORK FIRE STATION CONVEYANCE  
PARCEL .—The term ‘‘West Fork Fire Station Conveyance Parcel’’ means the parcel of approximately 3.61 acres of National Forest System land in the County, as depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Map for West Fork Fire Station Conveyance Parcel’’ and dated November 21, 2017. 
SEC. 3. CONVEYANCE OF WEST FORK FIRE STATION CONVEYANCE PARCEL, DOLORES COUNTY, COLORADO. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—On receipt of a request from the County and subject to such terms and conditions as are mutually satisfactory to the Secretary and the County, including such additional terms as the Secretary determines to be necessary, the Secretary shall convey to the County without consideration all right, title, and interest of the United States in and to the West Fork Fire Station Conveyance Parcel. (b) COSTS.—Any costs relating to the conveyance under subsection (a), including processing and transaction costs, shall be paid by the County. (c) USE OF LAND.—The land conveyed to the County under subsection (a) shall be used by the County only for a fire station, related infrastructure, and roads to facilitate access to and through the West Fork Fire Station Conveyance Parcel. (d) REVERSION .—If any portion of the land conveyed under subsection (a) is used in a manner that is inconsistent with the use described in subsection (c), the land shall, at the discretion of the Secretary, revert to the United States. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4609 would authorize the U.S. Forest Service to convey 3.61 acres of land to Dolores County, Colorado, for the purpose of building a fire station for the community of West Fork. Currently, area residents must rely on a fire protection district located 26 miles away to provide critical firefighting and emergency services to the community. Frequent and devastating wildfires have ravaged the Western States, making it more vital than ever that every community is prepared to protect itself 
against fire and other catastrophic events. H.R. 4609 will improve local fire and emergency services to the community of West Fork and will ensure that residents of the West Fork area will be prepared for catastrophic events without expending any new Federal dollars. Mr. Speaker, I want to note the hard work that Representative TIPTON has put into this bill, and I salute his efforts and leadership. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 4609 authorizes the conveyance of 3.61 acres of National Forest System land to Dolores County, Colorado, for the purpose of building a fire station. The language of this bill also allows the United States to regain ownership of the land if the county no longer uses it for its intended purpose. During a Senate Energy and Natural Resources Committee hearing in February of this year, representatives from the Forest Service not only expressed their support for this conveyance, but went on to note the lack of nonFederal options for land suitable for building a fire station in the area. We can all agree on the importance of public safety. It is our duty as Members of Congress to ensure that the brave men and women who serve as firefighters in their communities have access to the infrastructure they need to do their work. Mr. Speaker, I support the adoption of the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. TIPTON), the author of this measure and one of the leaders in the House on important issues facing the Western States. Mr. TIPTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman MCCLINTOCK and also Representative HANABUSA for their support on this important piece of legislation, which ultimately creates a win not only for the local community property rights, but also for our forest system, as well, in the event of a catastrophic wildfire breaking out. West Fork is in a remote part of Dolores County, Colorado, surrounded by the San Juan National Forest. Emergency and fire response is a challenge in this part of the county because the closest fire station is currently 26 miles away. The West Fork Fire Station Act conveys approximately 3.6 acres of National Forest System land to Dolores County for the strict purpose of building and operating a fire station in the West Fork area. In addition to creating emergency and fire response challenges, the lack of a dedicated fire station has created insurance challenges for homeowners in West Fork. In an area surrounded by national forest land, it is critical to have fire insurance for your home and other structures on your property. With no fire station in reasonable proximity to the area, it is near impossible for homeowners to obtain fire insurance in West Fork. My bill would help change that. The West Fork fire station will be operated by a volunteer fire department, men and women who dedicate their time, talent, and often put the safety of their community and neighbors ahead of their own. I greatly appreciate their service to the county. I also commend Dolores County for working along with local property owners and the surrounding fire districts to obtain necessary firefighting equipment for the volunteers who would serve the West Fork fire station. Dolores County, Colorado, U.S. Senators CORYGARDNER and M ICHAEL BENNET, along with the U.S. Forest Service all support the West Fork Fire Station Act. The bill passed out of the Natural Resources Committee with a unanimous vote. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues in the House to support this bill and the community of West Fork today. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support the adoption of this bill. It is a great bill. It protects our first responders and is something that we need to provide for them. As stated earlier, the Forest Service has no other use for this land. Mr. Speaker, I encourage adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4609. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
KISSIMMEE RIVER WILD AND SCENIC RIVER STUDY ACT OF 2018 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 3961) to amend the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to designate segments of the Kissimmee River and its tributaries in the State of Florida for study for potential addition to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 3961 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Kissimmee River Wild and Scenic River Study Act of 2018’’. 
Congress finds the following: (1) The Kissimmee River has undergone, over the course of two decades, the largest river restoration effort in the world. (2) Extending approximately 105 miles from Orlando to Lake Okeechobee, the Kissimmee River forms the headwaters of Lake Okeechobee and the Everglades and serves as a vital component of ecosystem restoration in South Florida as a whole. (3) The Kissimmee River Restoration Project has significantly improved approximately 63,000 acres of wetlands within the Kissimmee River watershed and reestablished an environment suitable for fish, wildlife, and the wetland plants that existed prior to the Kissimmee River’s channelization in the 1960s. (4) The Kissimmee River Restoration Project is expected to be completed in 2020, at which point it is expected to reestablish historic hydrologic conditions, recreate historic river and floodplain connectivity, recreate the historic mosaic of wetland plant communities, and restore historic biological diversity and functionality. (5) After decades of restoration efforts and the expenditure of nearly a billion dollars, upon completion of the Kissimmee River Restoration Project, a study should be conducted to determine the eligibility of including the fully restored Kissimmee River into the National Wild and Scenic River program to preserve the fully restored freeflowing condition and immediate environment of the river for the benefit and enjoyment of present and future generations. (6) Inclusion of the Kissimmee River into the National Wild and Scenic River program would be a fitting tribute to the hard work of the Army Corps of Engineers and the South Florida Water Management District’s restoration work. SEC. 3. DESIGNATION FOR STUDY. 
(a) D ESIGNATION FOR POTENTIAL ADDITION.—Section 5(a) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1276(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ll) KISSIMMEE RIVER , FLORIDA .—The segment from the southern shore of Lake Kissimmee to its confluence with Lake Okeechobee.’’. (b) STUDY .—Section 5(b) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1276(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ll) KISSIMMEE RIVER , FLORIDA .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are made available to carry out this paragraph, the Secretary of the Interior shall complete a study of the Kissimmee River, as described in subsection (a)(ll), and submit a report describing the results of such study to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate. ‘‘(B) REPORT REQUIREMENTS .—The report required under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(i) include a discussion of the effect of the designation of the segment to be studied under subsection (a)(ll) on— ‘‘(I) existing commercial and recreational activities, such as cattle ranching, dairy production, hunting, fishing, trapping, recreational shooting, motor boat use, or bridge construction; ‘‘(II) the authorization, construction, operation, maintenance, or improvement of energy production and transmission infrastructure; ‘‘(III) military operations; and ‘‘(IV) the authority of State and local governments to manage the activities described in subclauses (I) and (II); and ‘‘(ii) identify— ‘‘(I) all authorities that will authorize or require the Secretary of the Interior to influence local land use decisions (such as zoning) or place restrictions on nonFederal land if the area studied under subsection (a)( ll) is designated under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act; 
‘‘(II) all authorities that the Secretary of the Interior may use to condemn property if the area studied under subsection (a)( ll) is designated under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act; and ‘‘(III) all private property located in the area to be studied under subsection (a)( ll). ‘‘(C) NONINTERFERENCE .—This study shall not interfere with the Kissimmee River Restoration Project authorized under section 101(8) of the Water Resources Development Act of 1992 (Public Law 102–580).’’. (c) NONEGATIVE IMPACT .—Nothing authorized by this Act may negatively impact agricultural production in the Kissimmee River basin. (d) NOEFFECT ON MANAGEMENT .—This Act and the amendments made by this Act shall not interfere with the current management of the area of the Kissimmee River described in section 5(a)(ll) of the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act, nor shall the fact that such area is listed for study under the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act (16 U.S.C. 1271 et seq.) be used as justification for more restrictive management, such as wilderness or as a category of wild and scenic river, until Congress acts on the study recommendations. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3961 would designate the Kissimmee River for study for potential addition to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System. I must admit, I have become highly skeptical of wild and scenic designations on our rivers after I watched the Merced River’s designation used as an excuse to severely restrict traditional recreational amenities at Yosemite National Park in my district, including bicycling, horseback riding, river rafting, lodging, and many other amenities that long predated the wild and scenic designation. The iconic Curry Village Skating Rink was lost to these restrictions. Not only are the designations used to severely restrict public access and to restrict the enjoyment of the public’s lands, even the existence of a study has often been used as an excuse to forbid longstanding and traditional enjoyment of these rivers. Mr. Speaker, I thank the bill’s author, Mr. SOTO, for agreeing to amendments that will assure that the conduct of the study authorized by this measure cannot be used as justification for any restrictions on the public’s use of the Kissimmee. b1715 It should be very clearly understood that, with this bill, Congress is authorizing a study and nothing else. In no way is it authorizing any restriction on the public’s use of this land while it is being studied or because it is being studied. Any further actions forthcoming from the result of this study is for the Congress and the Congress alone to decide. With that very clear understanding, I support adoption of the measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield as much time as he may consume to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. SOTO), the author of the bill. Mr. SOTO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in strong support of my bill, H.R. 3961, the Kissimmee River Wild and Scenic River Study Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman BISHOP , Ranking Member G RIJALVA , Chairman MCCLINTOCK , Ranking Member HANABUSA , and Congressman W EBSTER for all their collaboration and support on this important bill. The Kissimmee River forms the headwaters of both Lake Okeechobee and the Everglades. Decades ago, the Federal and State governments, including Florida, instructed the Army Corps of Engineers to channelize this river, leading to a decline in the ecosystem. Decades later, both the Federal Government and State government got together and spent nearly a billion dollars to restore this iconic river in order to improve recreation activities for Floridians and all Americans; to protect local ecosystems, including endangered species; and, of course, to clean the water that goes to Lake Okeechobee and eventually to the Everglades. This bill, now that we have spent nearly a billion dollars, will help start us down the road for potential protection, and I am proud to work with both sides of the aisle to make sure that we get it right. I believe it is imperative for future generations that we use this as an opportunity to safeguard the investment that we have made and to protect this ecosystem for wildlife corridors, for the enjoyment of Floridians and all Americans, for the protection of species, and to make sure that we are protecting the Everglades for future generations. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank, once again, our Natural Resources Committee, including Chairman BISHOP , Ranking Member GRIJALVA , Chairman MCCLINTOCK , Ranking Member HANABUSA , and Congressman W EBSTER  for working with me on this. With their support, this legislation could only be on the floor with them helping out. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues in this Chamber to support H.R. 3961. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 3961 amends the Wild and Scenic Rivers Act to direct a study of the Kissimmee River to potentially be added to the National Wild and Scenic Rivers System. The designation would prohibit dams and other projects that would negatively impact the river’s natural condition, but would not restrict private land use. Mr. Speaker, I support the passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 3961, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
EASTERN BAND OF CHEROKEE HISTORIC LANDS REACQUISITION ACT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 146) to take certain Federal lands in Tennessee into trust for the benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 146 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act’’. 
SEC. 2. LAND TAKEN INTO TRUST FOR THE EASTERN BAND OF CHEROKEE INDIANS. 
(a) L ANDS INTOTRUST.—Subject to such rights of record as may be vested in third parties to rightsofway or other easements or rightsof record for roads, utilities, or other purposes, the following Federal lands managed by the Tennessee Valley Authority and located on or above the 820foot (MSL) contour elevation in Monroe County, Tennessee, on the shores of Tellico Reservoir, are declared to be held in trust by the United States for the use and benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians: (1) SEQUOYAH MUSEUM PROPERTY .—Approxi mately 46.0 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘Sequoyah Museum’’, ‘‘Parcel 1’’, and ‘‘Parcel 2’’ on the map titled ‘‘Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Map 1’’ and dated April 30, 2015. (2) SUPPORT PROPERTY .—Approximately 11.9 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘Support Parcel’’ on the map titled ‘‘Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Map 2’’ and dated April 30, 2015. (3) CHOTA MEMORIAL PROPERTY AND TANASI  
MEMORIAL PROPERTY .—Approximately 18.2 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘Chota Memorial 
1’’ and ‘‘Tanasi Memorial’’ on the map titled ‘‘Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Map 3’’ and dated April 30, 2015, and including the Chota Memorial and all land within a circle with a radius of 86 feet measured from the center of the Chota Memorial without regard to the elevation of the land within the circle. (b) PROPERTY ON LANDS.—In addition to the land taken into trust by subsection (a), the improvements on and appurtenances thereto, including memorials, are and shall remain the property of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians. (c) REVISED MAPS.—Not later than one year after the date of a land transaction made pursuant to this section, the Tennessee Valley Authority, after consultation with the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians and the Secretary of the Interior, shall submit revised maps that depict the land taken into trust under this section, including any corrections made to the maps described in this section to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate. (d) CONTOUR ELEVATION CLARIFICATION .—The contour elevations referred to in this Act are based on MSL Datum as established by the NGS Southeastern Supplementary Adjustment of 1936 (NGVD29). (e) CONDITIONS .—The lands taken into trust under this section shall be subject to the conditions described in section 5. 
SEC. 3. PERMANENT EASEMENTS TAKEN INTO TRUST FOR THE EASTERN BAND OF CHEROKEE INDIANS. 
(a) P ERMANENT EASEMENTS .—The following permanent easements for land below the 820foot (MSL) contour elevation for the following Federal lands in Monroe County, Tennessee, on the shores of Tellico Reservoir, are declared to be held in trust by the United States for the benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians: (1) CHOTA PENINSULA .—Approximately 8.5 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘Chota Memorial 2’’ on the map titled ‘‘Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Map 3’’ and dated April 30, 2015. (2) CHOTA TANASI TRAIL .—Approximately 11.4 acres of land generally depicted as ‘‘Chota Tanasi Trail’’ on the map titled ‘‘Eastern Band of Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Map 3’’ and dated April 30, 2015. (b) REVISED MAPS.—Not later than one year after the date of a land transaction made pursuant to this section, the Tennessee Valley Authority, after consultation with the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians and the Secretary of the Interior, shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Indian Affairs of the Senate revised maps that depict the lands subject to easements taken into trust under this section, including any corrections necessary to the maps described in this section. (c) CONDITIONS .—The lands subject to easements taken into trust under this section shall be subject to the use rights and conditions described in section 5. 
(a) A PPLICABLE LAWS.—Except as described in section 5, the lands subject to this Act shall be administered under the laws and regulations generally applicable to lands and interests in lands held in trust on behalf of Indian tribes. (b) USE OF LAND.—Except the lands described in section 2(a)(2), the lands subject to this Act shall be used principally for memorializing and interpreting the history and culture of Indians and recreational activities, including management, operation, and conduct of programs of and for— (1) the Sequoyah birthplace memorial and museum; (2) the memorials to Chota and Tanasi as former capitals of the Cherokees; (3) the memorial and place of reinterment for remains of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians and other Cherokee tribes, including those transferred to the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians and other Cherokee tribes and those human remains and cultural items transferred by the Tennessee Valley Authority to those Cherokee tribes under the Native American Graves Protection and Repatriation Act (25 U.S.C. 3001 et seq.); and (4) interpreting the Trail of Tears National Historic Trail. (c) USE OF SUPPORT PROPERTY .—The land described in section 2(a)(2) shall be used principally for the support of lands subject to this Act and the programs offered by the Tribe relating to such lands and their purposes including— (1) classrooms and conference rooms; (2) cultural interpretation and education programs; (3) temporary housing of guests participating in such programs or the management of the properties and programs; and (4) headquarters offices and support space for the trust properties and programs. (d) LANDUSE.—The principal purposes of the use of the land described in section 3(a)— (1) paragraph (1), shall be for a recreational trail from the general vicinity of the parking lot to the area of the Chota Memorial and beyond to the southern portion of the peninsula, including interpretive signs, benches, and other compatible improvements; and (2) paragraph (2), shall be for a recreational trail between the Chota and Tanasi Memorials, including interpretive signs, benches, and other compatible improvements. 
(a) F LOODING OF LAND AND ROADS.—The Ten nessee Valley Authority may temporarily and intermittently flood the lands subject to this Act that lie below the 824foot (MSL) contour elevation and the road access to such lands that lie below the 824foot (MSL) contour elevation. (b) FACILITIES AND STRUCTURES .—The Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians may construct, own, operate, and maintain— (1) water use facilities and nonhabitable structures, facilities, and improvements not subject to serious damage if temporarily flooded on the land adjoining the Tellico Reservoir side of the lands subject to this Act that lie between the 815foot and 820foot (MSL) contour elevations, but only after having received written consent from the Tennessee Valley Authority and subject to the terms of such approval; and (2) water use facilities between the 815foot (MSL) contour elevations on the Tellico Reservoir side of the lands subject to this Act and the adjacent waters of Tellico Reservoir and in and on such waters after having received written consent from the Tennessee Valley Authority and subject to the terms of such approval, but may not construct, own, operate, or maintain other nonhabitable structures, facilities, and improvements on such lands. (c) INGRESS AND EGRESS .—The Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians may use the lands subject to this Act and Tellico Reservoir for ingress and egress to and from such land and the waters of the Tellico Reservoir and to and from all structures, facilities, and improvements maintained in, on, or over such land or waters. (d) RIVER CONTROL AND DEVELOPMENT .—The use rights under this section may not be exercised so as to interfere in any way with the Tennessee Valley Authority’s statutory program for river control and development. (e) TVA AUTHORITIES .—Nothing in this Act shall be construed to affect the right of the Tennessee Valley Authority to— (1) draw down Tellico Reservoir; (2) fluctuate the water level thereof as may be necessary for its management of the Reservoir; or (3) permanently flood lands adjacent to lands subject to this Act that lie below the 815foot (MSL) contour elevation. (f) RIGHT OF ENTRY.—The lands subject to this Act shall be subject to a reasonable right of entry by the personnel of the Tennessee Valley Authority and agents of the Tennessee Valley Authority operating in their official capacities as necessary for purposes of carrying out the Tennessee Valley Authority’s statutory program for river control and development. (g) ENTRY ONTO LAND.—To the extent that the Tennessee Valley Authority’s operations on the lands subject to this Act do not unreasonably interfere with the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians’ maintenance of an appropriate setting for the memorialization of Cherokee history or culture on the lands and its operations on the lands, the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians shall allow the Tennessee Valley Authority to enter the lands to clear, ditch, dredge, and drain said lands and apply larvicides and chemicals thereon or to conduct bank protection work and erect structures necessary in the promotion and furtherance of public health, flood control, and navigation. (h) LOSS OF HYDROPOWER CAPACITY .—All fu ture development of the lands subject to this Act shall be subject to compensation to the Tennessee Valley Authority for loss of hydropower capacity as provided in the Tennessee Valley Authority Flood Control Storage Loss Guideline, unless agreed to otherwise by the Tennessee Valley Authority. (i) PROTECTION FROM LIABILITY .—The United States shall not be liable for any loss or damage resulting from— (1) the temporary and intermittent flooding of lands subject to this Act; (2) the permanent flooding of adjacent lands as provided in this section; (3) wave action in Tellico Reservoir; or (4) fluctuation of water levels for purposes of managing Tellico Reservoir. (j) CONTINUING RESPONSIBILITIES .—The Ten nessee Valley Authority shall— (1) retain sole and exclusive Federal responsibility and liability to fund and implement any environmental remediation requirements that are required under applicable Federal or State law for any land or interest in land to be taken into trust under this Act, as well as the assessments under paragraph (2) to identify the type and quantity of any potential hazardous substances on the lands; (2) prior to the acquisition in trust, carry out an assessment and notify the Secretary of the Interior and the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians whether any hazardous substances were stored on the lands and, if so, whether those substances— (A) were stored for 1 year or more on the lands; (B) were known to have been released on the lands; or (C) were known to have been disposed of on the lands; and (3) if the assessment under paragraph (2) shows that hazardous substances were stored, released, or disposed of on the lands, include in its notice under paragraph (2) to the Secretary of the Interior and the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians— (A) the type and quantity of such hazardous substances; (B) the time at which such storage, release, or disposal took place on the lands; and (C) a description of any remedial actions, if any, taken on the lands. 
For the purposes of this Act, the term ‘‘lands subject to this Act’’ means lands and interests in lands (including easements) taken into trust for the benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians pursuant to or under this Act. 
No class II or class III gaming, as defined in the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act (25 U.S.C. 2701 et seq.), shall be conducted on lands subject to this Act. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Band Eastern of Cherokee Indians is a relatively small Tribe located in the Great Smoky Mountains of western North Carolina and is headquartered in Cherokee, North Carolina. The Tribe’s reservation covers over 51,000 acres in a region known as the Qualla Boundary. After the completion of the Tellico Dam in Loudon County, Tennessee, in 1979, the Tribe continued in active communication with the Tennessee Valley Authority on any areas impacted that the Tribe believed was of historical significance to them. H.R. 146 would place approximately 96 acres of Tennessee Valley Authority land in Monroe County, Tennessee, along the shores of the Little Tennessee River and Tellico Reservoir into trust for the benefit of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians. Gaming pursuant to the Indian Gaming Regulatory Act would be prohibited. Most of the parcels to be placed in trust under this bill will be used for memorializing and interpreting the history of the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and the remaining parcels will be used for recreational trails. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians is one of three federally recognized Cherokee Tribes. Their ancestral homeland includes substantial parts of seven Eastern States, including Tennessee. In 1979, the completion of the Tellico Dam by the Tennessee Valley Authority caused a large area of their ancestral lands along the Little Tennessee River to be flooded, covering many historic Tribal sites. The Cherokee can never recover those flooded lands, but there are other sites in the area that are in need of protection and preservation. H.R. 146 aids in this cause by transferring approximately 76 acres of historically significant lands from the TVA to the United States to be held in trust for the Eastern Band of Cherokee. This would give the Eastern Band greater control over their historic homelands as well as the opportunity to memorialize the history and culture of the Cherokee people. I support this legislation and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. FLEISCHMANN ), the author of this measure, a tireless advocate for the State of Tennessee. Mr. FLEISCHMANN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding, and the ranking member. I appreciate the great opportunity to address the House today. Mr. Speaker, I have spent a lot of time in this Chamber over the past 8 years, sometimes in sorrow when we have come together as a nation, sometimes in celebration, a lot of highs and lows, but tonight is a very special night as I offer the Eastern Band Cherokee Historic Lands Reacquisition Act. It is special for a lot of reasons, because in my district, I represent an east Tennessee district of 11 wonderful counties, outstanding people, but I received a contact years ago from the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians, and they came to me, and they said: Congressman, will you please help us with a situation, with a problem, with a promise that was made and a promise that was unfulfilled to us? So I sat down with the Eastern Band of Cherokee Indians. They are from North Carolina, a sister State to Tennessee. They told me the story. And, of course, we know the story of the Trail of Tears, where over 15,000 Cherokee were forcibly removed from their home in east Tennessee out West. Some avoided capture and stayed in this area, and they remain today. Some came back from the West and now are in a vibrant community in North Carolina. But the sadness of this broken promise, another broken promise to our Native Americans, was something that was staggering, because there is a place called Tanasi, TANASI. Sound familiar? That is what the great State of Tennessee, that area I represent, was named after, but this was the Cherokee capital in Monroe County, the area I represent today. Well, they were promised, a long time ago and a short time ago, that they would have the return of these 76 key acres. It is amazing. Even today, as I have fought for our Native Americans in our great State of Tennessee, we had to overcome stereotypes. People said: Oh, gosh, they want to have a casino. We said: No. This is a return of their sacred homeland over their sacred capital. So in this legislation, there is a no gaming provision. This should be something that Members on both sides of the aisle, Republicans and Democrats, embrace as a matter of civil liberties, as a matter of doing the right thing, as a matter of keeping our broken promises made for a change. What are we going to do with this land? We are going to honor Sequoia, as we do in this great capital, we are going to honor Cherokee culture. What is great about this bill is our surrounding counties in Monroe County, where this exists, in McMinn County, in Polk County, counties I represent, the local people want this. They want to bring the Cherokee back and honor the Cherokee. Can this undo the foils of history that happened to the Cherokee? No, it cannot. But this bill, in some meaningful way, can restore the Cherokee homeland to them, their capital to them. This is something I think all Americans can and should embrace. In this great people’s House in which we all serve, this is something that we all can vote for and all embrace. Keep this broken promise that was long overdue, honor Cherokee tradition, and do something that is really right for all Americans. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to do what we have done, embrace this bill, embrace this opportunity, and honor a great tradition in America, the Cherokee Nation. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues on both sides of this aisle, I thank my constituents at home for the privilege of representing the great State of Tennessee, and I thank my friends in the Cherokee Nation for asking that Tanasi be brought home where it belongs. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire if the gentleman from California has any more speakers? Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I will close. Mr. Speaker, I support this legislation and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of this great bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask for adoption of the measure, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 146, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
JAMES K. POLK PRESIDENTIAL HOME STUDY ACT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 443) to direct the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability and feasibility of designating the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 443 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘James K. Polk Presidential Home Study Act’’. 
Congress finds that— (1) in 1961, the James K. Polk Home was designated as a National Historic Landmark; and (2) in April 2015, the National Park Service completed a reconnaissance survey of the James K. Polk Home, in which the National Park Service— (A) determined that— (i) the James K. Polk Home is conclusively nationally significant; and (ii) a special resource study is needed to fully analyze the suitability, feasibility, and need for management of the James K. Polk Home by the National Park Service; and (B) recommended that Congress consider authorizing a special resource study for the James K. Polk Home and associated properties. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Interior (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall conduct a special resource study of the site of the James K. Polk Home in Columbia, Tennessee, and adjacent property (referred to in this Act as the ‘‘site’’). (b) CRITERIA .—The Secretary shall conduct the study under subsection (a) in accordance with section 100507 of title 54, United States Code. (c) CONTENTS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall— (1) evaluate the national significance of the site; (2) determine the suitability and feasibility of designating the site as a unit of the National Park System; (3) include cost estimates for any necessary acquisition, development, operation, and maintenance of the site; (4) consult with interested Federal, State, or local governmental entities, private and nonprofit organizations, or other interested individuals; and (5) identify alternatives for the management, administration, and protection of the site. (d) REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are made available to carry out the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate a report that describes— (1) the findings and conclusions of the study; and (2) any recommendations of the Secretary. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. b1730 Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, President James K. Polk lived in Columbia, Tennessee, from 1819 until 1824. Other than the White House itself, the Columbia, Tennessee, site is the only surviving residence of our 11th President. It is the repository of many original artifacts from his life. Although he served a single term, Polk left our Nation with a remarkable legacy of public accomplishments, including expansion of our Western territories and the establishment of the U.S. Naval Academy. My home State of California owes him a particular debt of gratitude. Indeed, he made four campaign promises and, in 4 years, he fulfilled all four. President Polk left office in 1849, and returned to Nashville, Tennessee, where he lived for 3 months before his death. The James K. Polk home in Columbia, Tennessee, was designated as a national historic landmark in 1961. In April of 2015, the National Park Service completed a reconnaissance survey of the home and determined that the site warrants a special resource study. H.R. 443 would authorize the special resource study of the James K. Polk home to evaluate its national significance and the suitability and feasibility for a potential designation of the area as a unit of the National Park Service. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 443 authorizes the Secretary of the Interior to study the suitability of designating the James K. Polk home in Columbia, Tennessee, as a unit of the National Park System. The home is the only surviving residence of our 11th President, President Polk, and contains over 1,300 artifacts and original documents. The National Park Service has previously testified in support of this bill. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the bill and helping us preserve an important part of our Nation’s history. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. DESJARLAIS ), the author of this measure and another tireless advocate for Tennessee. Mr. DESJARLAIS. Mr. Speaker, as mentioned, the James K. Polk Presidential Home Study Act would require the Department of the Interior to study adding our 11th President’s only surviving residence to the National Park Service. The aim of my bill is to help the charity that currently maintains the property in Columbia, Tennessee, to preserve it for future generations. Two hundred years ago, Columbia was a frontier town in a new State. Nobody knew the United States would eventually stretch from sea to shining sea, but James Polk had confidence and vision. He was a country lawyer who rose from the Tennessee State house to the Governor’s office, then to the House of Representatives here in Congress. James Polk was the only Speaker of the House to ever be elected President. Polk oversaw the establishment of the U.S. Naval Academy, the Smithsonian Institution, and the Department of the Interior. Most importantly, he fulfilled his promise to Western settlers to expand the country’s boundaries to the Pacific. Without James Polk’s contributions, the United States might not look like it does today, a strong, prosperous Nation spanning a continent. The outcome was not always certain; however, today, we enjoy the fruits of President Polk’s often overlooked legacy. Many historians consider him to be the most successful preCivil War President. People in Columbia consider him a local hero. He is a national hero and deserves a place of honor in our National Park System. I appreciate Representative MARSHA  BLACKBURN ’s support for my legislation to accomplish this goal. I also thank Senator LAMAR ALEXANDER , who has offered companion legislation in the Senate, and we all anticipate progress. I want to thank the Columbia city leaders and the many volunteers who have tirelessly worked on this project and helped bring this issue to my attention. We all look forward to its continued prosperity and recognition. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, if I may inquire as to whether the gentleman from California has any more speakers. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill and helping us preserve an important part of our Nation’s history. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Again, I want to thank the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) 
for her support, and I ask for adoption of the measure. I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 443. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
NATIONAL MEMORIAL TO FALLEN EDUCATORS ACT Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 167) to designate a National Memorial to Fallen Educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 167 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Memorial to Fallen Educators Act’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The memorial to fallen educators located at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas, is designated as the ‘‘National Memorial to Fallen Educators’’. (b) EFFECT OF DESIGNATION .—The national memorial designated by this section is not a unit of the National Park System and the designation of the National Memorial to Fallen Educators shall not require or permit Federal funds to be expended for any purpose related to that national memorial. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) and the gentlewoman from Hawaii (Ms. HANABUSA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California. 
Mr. M CCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 167 designates the existing memorial to fallen educators at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas, as the National Memorial to Fallen Educators. We all know the lifeinspiring and lifechanging role that teachers play in each of our lives. I dare say that we, all of us, have had teachers whose influence looms large through our lives because of something they once did to inspire, motivate, or equip us for the lives we lead through the decades that follow. Often, their influence on us only becomes obvious as we look back on their role in our lives through the perspective of the years, by which time we have often lost them or lost touch with them. It is through official acts like this before us today that we can express our gratitude, if not individually, then collectively as a Nation. I would also like to say, on a personal note, that our daughter, Shannah, began her career as a first grade teacher, and her mother and I couldn’t be more proud of her. The bill before us today is a small token of recognition to a small group of teachers, who not only dedicated their lives to teaching, but who gave their lives during the performance of their duties. On June 12, 2014, the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas, dedicated the memorial to the 119 educators who have lost their lives while teaching since 1764. This bill gives Federal recognition to this memorial, while retaining it under the jurisdiction of the National Teachers Hall of Fame. No taxpayer money will be used for it, and management will not be transferred to the National Park Service. But the bill will give official Federal recognition to it as a small token of respect and appreciation from the American people. I urge adoption of the measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. HANABUSA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 167 establishes Federal designation to an existing memorial recognizing fallen educators from across our country at the National Teachers Hall of Fame in Emporia, Kansas. The Fallen Educators Memorial currently includes the names of educators and faculty from Columbine to Sandy Hook and many others who have lost their lives while serving our Nation’s youth. The bill’s designation will serve to further honor the countless educators that have given everything while on the job. I support this legislation, and urge my colleagues to vote in favor of passing this bill. I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. This concludes six bills, all bipartisan, that have been reported out by the Natural Resources Committee today, and I think that is worthy of note. I want to again thank my Democratic colleague, Ms. HANABUSA , for her support and bipartisan cooperation on these measures. I urge adoption of the bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 167. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MCCLINTOCK. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess until approximately 6:30 p.m. today. Accordingly (at 5 o’clock and 40 minutes p.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1830 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. POEof Texas) at 6 o’clock and 30 minutes p.m. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5192, PROTECTING CHILDREN FROM IDENTITY THEFT ACT Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–640) on the resolution (H. Res. 830) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5192) to authorize the Commissioner of Social Security to provide confirmation of fraud protection data to certain permitted entities, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5444, TAXPAYER FIRST ACT, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5445, 21ST CENTURY IRS ACT Mr. NEWHOUSE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–641) on the resolution (H. Res. 831) providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5444) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5445) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve cybersecurity and taxpayer identity protection, and modernize the information technology of the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 140 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 141. 
Ms. JAYAPAL. Mr. Speaker, had I been presnt for rollcall vote 140 and rollcall vote 141 on Monday, April 16, 2018, I would have voted ‘‘aye’’ on both. 
RESIGNATION AS CHAPLAIN OF THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana) laid before the House the following resignation from the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CHAPLAIN  HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, 15 April 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, U.S. Capitol. DEAR PAUL, the Peace of Christ! As you have requested, I hereby offer my resignation as the 60th Chaplain of the United States House of Representatives. It has been an honor to serve the People’s House for these nearly seven years. After mutual consideration, it is determined my final day will be 24 May 2018. The position is one which I did not seek nor strive to assume, but I have seen it as a blessing and I have considered it one of the great privileges of my life. I wish all the best for the House of Representatives, and for your upcoming search for a worthy successor in the Office of the Chaplain. Sincerely, PATRICK J. C ONROY , S.J., Chaplain. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the resignation is accepted. There was no objection. 
MATHEMATICS AND STATISTICS AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, April is Mathematics and Statistics Awareness Month. President Ronald Reagan designated this month in 1986. He said, in part: ‘‘Despite the increasing importance of mathematics to the progress of our economy and society, enrollment in mathematics programs has been declining at all levels of the American educational system. ‘‘Yet the application of mathematics is indispensable in such diverse fields as medicine, computer sciences, space exploration, the skilled trades, business, defense, and government. To help encourage the study and utilization of mathematics, it is appropriate that all Americans be reminded of the importance of this basic branch of science to our daily lives.’’ Mr. Speaker, these words still resonate today. Math plays a significant role in addressing many realworld problems: internet security, sustainability, disease, and much more. Research in these and other areas is ongoing, revealing new results and applications every day in fields such as medicine, manufacturing, energy, biotechnology, and business. In our growing technological world, the study of math and statistics is one that will continue to be critically important. Happy Mathematics and Statistics Awareness Month. f 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF STANDARDS AND TECHNOLOGY CYBERSECURITY FRAMEWORK UPDATE (Mr. LANGEVIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, today the National Institute of Standards and Technology, or NIST, published its first major update to its heralded cybersecurity framework. Since its release 4 years ago, countless organizations have used the framework to voluntarily assess their cybersecurity risk posture, identify gaps, and implement best practices. This update adds timely guidance about managing supply chain cybersecurity risks, like those Russia exploited to damaging effect with the NotPetya malware. Since President Obama first directed its creation, NIST has employed a collaborative approach to developing the framework with diverse stakeholders from government, private industry, academia, and civil society. The revision process reflects this publicprivate partnership, and I thank the NIST team for their hard work drafting this update. I firmly believe that cybersecurity is not just an IT problem, and the framework’s approach reflects a broader riskbased decisionmaking process. However, an understanding of the economics of controls is essential if we expect companies to adopt them voluntarily, and I look forward to continuing my work in this Chamber to deepen that understanding. 
NATIONAL SEXUAL ASSAULT AWARENESS MONTH (Mr. PAULSEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I want to draw attention to April as National Sexual Assault Awareness Month. 
We know this is a problem across the country. In Minnesota alone, more than 60,000 Minnesotans are victimized by sexual violence each year, and of this number, 80 percent were women and nearly a third were under the age of 18. It is a time to educate the public about sexual violence and help communities more effectively prevent it. It is also important, though, to recognize the victims’ rights groups, social workers, healthcare providers, and law enforcement personnel, who are working oneonone with the victims of sexual violence, helping them seek justice and repair their lives. Important organizations like Breaking Free are helping women escape trafficking, prostitution, and sexual exploitation. And Cornerstone, which is running domestic violence crisis hotlines, is helping victims get the assistance that they need to get back on their feet. Mr. Speaker, these are some of the organizations we have in Minnesota that are providing invaluable services to the victims at a time when they need it most. 
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION’S WAR ON THE WORKING POOR (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I have never met a person who wakes up in the morning and says: I want to be poor today. That is just not the reality. Yet my colleagues across the aisle, and their friends in the White House, keep pushing this false narrative that people who rely on government assistance to make ends meet are moochers who take government handouts and buy drugs. Mr. Speaker, in my district, 17.9 percent of households rely on SNAP to feed their families. They aren’t lazy. They aren’t addicts. They are hardworking people, some of them with two and three jobs, just trying to make ends meet. The United States Government should be making it easier for Americans to maintain a decent standard of living. Let us end this administration’s war on the working poor and help make better lives for all of our citizens. 
RECOGNIZING THE 100TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE AMERICAN ASSOCIATION OF ORAL AND MAXILLOFACIAL SURGEONS (Mr. BURGESS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the 100th anniversary of the American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons. Founded in 1918 by 29 dentists, the organization has grown to include more than 9,000 members today. Oral and maxillofacial surgery is the surgical arm of dentistry. These doctors are a critical component of the medical profession. They practice in a variety of settings, including private clinical practice, ambulatory surgery centers, and hospitals. They also provide service in academia, the military, and the research industry. Many of these surgeons reside and provide critical patient care in my home State of Texas. Mr. Speaker, today, I recognize the members of the American Association of Oral and Maxillofacial Surgeons for their work, and I offer my support for their mission to ensure excellence in patient care by advancing, promoting, and preserving the specialty of oral and maxillofacial surgery. f 
INVEST IN AMERICAN WORKERS (Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI. Mr. Speaker, according to the Aspen Institute, from 1996 to 2008, the percentages of American workers receiving employer sponsored training, onthejob training, as it were, has fallen by 40 percent. With a growing skills gap, and American businesses unable to fill 6.3 million jobs due to a lack of qualified candidates, it is imperative that Congress incentivizes investments in worker training. That is why I introduced the Investing in American Workers Act last Friday. This forwardthinking legislation provides a 20 percent tax credit to small and midsized companies that increase their investments in worker training over a given year. Eligible programs include apprenticeships, specialized community college courses, and those offered by employers or industry associations. This is a winwin for American employers and employees, helping American companies compete globally and helping workers obtain higher wages and longterm job security. Our workforce is the foundation of our economy, and we cannot ignore the consequences of failing, as a country, to invest in American workers. 
b1915 VIII SUMMIT OF THE AMERICAS (Mr. STEWART asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. STEWART. Mr. Speaker, the VIII Summit of the Americas was held this past weekend, April 13 and 14. These gatherings of government leaders in the Western Hemisphere are only held once every 3 years. While together, they discuss common policy issues; they affirm shared values; and they commit to address challenges facing the Americas. This year the summit was held in Lima, Peru. Two years ago, I cofounded the Congressional Caucus on Peru with my colleague from New York, Mr. MEEKS . I launched the caucus to not only strengthen the U.S.Peruvian relationship, but also because Utah has such a special relationship with Peru. Peruvians are the second largest immigrant group in Utah, and approximately 40,000 are living in our State. Given that Peru is a major player in trade, education, and technology in Latin America, I strongly believe that it is critical that we maintain a strong connection. As cochair of the Peruvian Caucus and a supporter of stability in the region, it was wonderful to see these world leaders commit to strengthening democracy, while also fighting against corruption and human rights violations. I look forward to continued cooperation among American nation states. I was recently in the region. It is a beautiful place with beautiful people, but they are facing severe challenges, and we want to support them. 
NATIONAL SCIENCE BOWL COMPETITORS (Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the hard work of the students and coaches from two schools in New Jersey’s 12th District, West WindsorPlainsboro High School North and Princeton Charter School, as they advance to compete in the 2018 National Science Bowl. Sponsored by the Department of Energy, the National Science Bowl is a nationwide academic competition that tests students’ knowledge in all areas of science and mathematics. Since its inception in 1991, it has hosted more than 275,000 competitors. These talented young minds from my district will join those ranks, competing for a chance to win funding for their respective schools’ science departments. I wish the coaches and the teams the best of luck as they show off their knowledge, their talent, and their preparation against the country’s future science stars. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF RUSSELL JIM (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life and memory of Russell Jim, an elder of the Yakama Nation, who was highly regarded as a champion for central Washington’s environment. Russell had a deep understanding of the Yakama Nation’s culture, the region’s natural resources, and the Hanford nuclear site. He spent his life and career protecting our environment and advocating for responsible nuclear waste management. 
He managed the Tribe’s Environmental Restoration and Waste Management program for almost 40 years and served in Tribal leadership for almost 60. Russell was a key player in preventing Hanford from becoming the Nation’s repository for radioactive waste, and he received an honorary doctorate degree from Heritage University for his work. Russell Jim will be remembered for his knowledge and passion for the Yakama Nation and their way of life. My thoughts are with his family at this difficult time, and I urge my colleagues to join me in honoring his memory. 
SEXUAL ASSAULT AWARENESS MONTH (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, as my colleague has already mentioned, this is Sexual Assault Awareness Month, a very important statement for preventing violence against women, men, boys, and girls. I rise today to say that it is still of great concern to all of us, and particularly young women. One in five women in this country have been raped, and four out of five rape victims are under the age of 25. Girls and young women between the ages of 16 and 24 experience the highest rate of intimate partner violence, almost triple the national average. This is the time for us to join together. In a few weeks, I will be introducing the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act. It is legislation that has drawn bipartisan support. I look forward to the support of my colleagues, Republicans and Democrats, because it will emphasize critical services such as transitional housing, legal assistance, and supervised visitation services, but, more importantly, working with the police and law enforcement community’s preventative measures and working with outreach for boys and men. Prevention is part of this legislation as well as protecting our survivors, as well as educating people against this dastardly act. I look forward to the introduction of this legislation and those who will join me—men and women—to support the reauthorization of the Violence Against Women Act for 2018. 
THIS IS THE LAST YEAR AMERICANS WILL FILE UNDER OUR OLD TAX CODE (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in celebration of the last year that Americans will ever have to file under our old, outdated Tax Code. Starting next year, the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will take full effect. That means the annual hassle associated with filing taxes will be done away with for most Americans, who will be able to file on a form as simple as a postcard. Most Americans will also find the new, simpler Tax Code will also be more beneficial to their families financially. For example, the standard deduction will be nearly doubled to $12,000 for individuals and $24,000 for families, and the child tax credit is doubled to $2,000. Throughout this entire process, some of my colleagues have attempted to market this historic tax reform as Armageddon or the increase they are going to keep in their paycheck as crumbs. Well, people are keeping more of what they have earned and will continue to do so as this bill takes full effect. The flood of bonuses and new investments in employees by companies across the U.S. is evidence to the contrary of that ‘‘Armageddon’’ or ‘‘crumbs’’ talk. This time next year, the vast majority of Americans will have a simpler, more lucrative tax filing process to look forward to for themselves and their families. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF KELSEY MEADOWS (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Kelsey Meadows. Kelsey attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Kelsey was known by her parents as a miracle child. She went into heart failure at 6 weeks old, but survived. Growing up, Kelsey was a tomboy who chose jeans, boots, fishing, and hunting over everything else. She was a gifted teacher who demonstrated a skill and passion for her career. Kelsey had a sweet spirit and a love for children. She loved country music and was a Denver Broncos fan. Her friends and family will never forget the big smile she always had on her face. I would like to extend my condolences to Kelsey Meadows’ family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
TAX REFORM (Mr. GAETZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, tax day is a frustrating day for most Americans because filing taxes is hard. The Tax Code is extremely long and complex, and filing taxes is a complicated mess of forms and paperwork. American families spend $378 billion a year on tax preparation. That is enough money to send every U.S. family to Disney World. As a Floridian, I think that would be fantastic. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act will make things easier next year. This simple system will allow American families to see rising income and more economic opportunity. It will allow businesses to grow and expand and achieve even greater economic potential. I am proud that the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act was passed, and I look forward to the continuing progress of the American people. f 
D.C. RESIDENTS ARE AMERICAN CITIZENS WHO HAVE OVERPAID FOR THEIR CITIZENSHIP (Ms. NORTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, marking the signing of President Lincoln’s proclamation freeing slaves in the Nation’s Capital, is a local holiday in the District of Columbia. Many D.C. residents worked anyway. Activist groups in the District of Columbia, including DC Vote, brought residents here, who got more Members to sign on to our D.C. statehood bill to end taxation without representation for D.C. residents, who are number one per capita in taxes paid to support the Federal Government, but with no voting Representatives on this House floor and no Senators at all. Even more shameful, as this poster shows, D.C.’s war casualties have often outnumbered those of the States, more than 10 States during the Vietnam war, for example. D.C. residents are American citizens who have overpaid for their citizenship. It is time for Congress to pay back. 
COACH CARL IRLBECK INDUCTED TO THE TEXAS HIGH SCHOOL BASKETBALL HALL OF FAME (Mr. ARRINGTON asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the newest inductee to the Texas High School Basketball Hall of Fame, my former coach and dear friend, Carl Irlbeck. Mr. Irlbeck coached for 48 years, had over 1,000 wins, and was the 1994 Texas Basketball Coach of the Year. But it is not his winloss record that will be most remembered; it is his ability to shape the character of those he coached. The best coaches teach us how to be successful in the game of life more than any particular sport, and he did just that for almost five decades. He taught us that preparation and perspiration were 90 percent of winning. He preached the importance of playing as a team, and he modeled grace in victory as well as defeat. I still apply the principles I learned as a Plainview Bulldog under the strong and loving leadership of Coach Carl Irlbeck. 
Congratulations to Coach Irlbeck on a muchdeserved honor in the Texas High School Basketball Hall of Fame. God bless the Irlbeck family. Go Bulldogs, and go west Texas. 
RECOGNIZING THE LIFE AND WORK OF LOU VOLPE (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a pillar of our community who has had a profound influence on the lives of so many students in our community in Bucks County and beyond. Lou Volpe, who dedicated 44 years of service to the students of Harry S. Truman High School in my hometown of Levittown, retired in 2013 as its longtime theater director. Recently, Lou was inducted into the Bucks County Playhouse Hall of Fame, an event I was honored to attend, joining the likes of Oscar Hammerstein and Angela Lansbury, among others. Throughout his esteemed career, Lou has left an indelible mark on the thousands of students he taught. Under his leadership, Truman regularly participated in the Student Theater Festival at the Bucks County Playhouse. A pinnacle of his career included a coveted invitation to the Thespian Festival at the University of Nebraska for his production of ‘‘Good Boys and True.’’ Mr. Speaker, fortunately for us, Lou’s legacy will live on with the new NBC TV series ‘‘Rise,’’ of which his tenure at Truman served as an inspiration. It is comforting to know that this theatrical brilliance of Lou’s will live on in our community and in our Nation for decades, and I ask all of my colleagues in this House of Representatives, Democrat and Republican, to honor Lou for his incredible service to our community and to our country. 
b1930 HONORING THE LIFE OF OFFICER KEVIN CROSSLEY (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor Whitesboro Police Officer Kevin Crossley. Officer Crossley tragically lost his life on Wednesday night in a car accident while on patrol in his hometown in the village of Whitesboro in Oneida County, New York. He was a 7year member of the Whitesboro Police Department, after being hired full time in 2011, while first serving there as an intern. He also worked part time as an officer for the Whitestown Police Department, and previously served in the Whitestown Fire Department. Growing up in Whitesboro, Officer Crossley knew almost everyone in the village. The community loved and trusted him. His whole life’s dream was to protect and serve the community and its residents. He arrived at work every day with a smile on his face and a positive attitude. Through numerous local and county police salutes, community processions, and testimonials from friends and family, it is clear how much Officer Crossley was beloved by his colleagues and our entire community. Officer Crossley’s service, dedication, and love for our community was unparalleled, and we cannot thank him enough for his honorable service. Law enforcement officers put their lives on the line every day to ensure the safety of our families and our communities. We are eternally grateful for their dedication and service to our Nation. Officer Kevin Crossley is a hero, and the village of Whitesboro and all of us were blessed by his honorable service to us. We offer our deepest condolences to his family and friends and colleagues on the loss of a dear friend and a wonderful community servant. f 
APPOINTMENT OF SECOND SPECIAL COUNSEL NEEDED The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. 
Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I am here tonight to speak out on the urgent need for the appointment of a second special counsel in light of evidence that raises serious concerns about decisions, activities, and inherent bias displayed at the highest levels of the Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation with regard to FISA abuse, how and why the Hillary Clinton email probe ended, and how and why the Donald Trump Russia probe began. The concerns of the American public are serious, and the issues requiring an immediate, unbiased, independent, and thorough investigation are broad. Mr. Speaker, the DOJ and FBI cannot be expected to investigate themselves. I acknowledge, with immense gratitude, that nearly every single man and woman in the DOJ and FBI conducts themselves daily with integrity, independence, patriotism, objectivity, and commitment to the rule of law. A special counsel is of the utmost importance to ensure that these historic, legendary, and necessary agencies move forward more respected and effective than ever before. Tonight I am joined by my colleagues from across this country, and we will hear from each and every one of them. Following these speakers, I will be going into much greater detail on the many specifics on why the Attorney General must immediately appoint a second special counsel to conduct a thorough and independent investigation of our significant concerns. Without any further ado, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. GAETZ ) who has been a leader in this cause to fight for justice and equality under the law. Mr. GAETZ. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for yielding, and also for leading on the great question of whether or not we should have a second special counsel to evaluate the misconduct of the FBI and the Department of Justice in pursuing unfounded and inappropriate warrants to spy on a member of the Trump transition team without due process and without proper protocol. One of the reasons I join the gentleman from New York in this call is that, currently, the person making critical decisions regarding Hillary Clinton and Donald Trump and this narrative regarding Russia is Rod Rosenstein; and I believe Mr. Rosenstein has a series of conflicts of interest, each of which would independently disqualify him from overseeing this review; and yet, he continues. That is troubling to me, and it is one of the reasons why we need to have a second special counsel. In fact, it was Mr. Rosenstein who signed a FISA warrant renewal to spy on Carter Page. He did this, even though the FBI and Department of Justice knew that Christopher Steele, the author of the dossier that was the principal basis for that warrant had been deemed uncredible and had said things that were not true to the FBI. Mr. Rosenstein also signed pleadings seeking to silence a witness who may have had information regarding the sale of uranium to Russians. Mr. Rosenstein took no real action against Bruce Ohr, a senior official at the Department of Justice, even though Mr. Ohr failed to report the facts that his wife was moonlighting as a researcher to dig up dirt on Donald Trump and then commingle that dirt with lies told by Russians and folks from Hillary Clinton’s campaign and the DNC. Mr. Rosenstein allowed Bob Mueller to pick a biased team, people who had gone to Hillary Clinton’s election night party, people who had represented the Clinton Foundation when they had been accused of not producing public documents. Mr. Rosenstein could have stepped in. He could have demanded a higher standard in the assembly of that team, but he didn’t. Mr. Rosenstein wrote a secret memo to expand the scope of the Russia investigation. He approved the raid on 
Mr. Trump’s personal lawyer. He took no action on criminal referrals well laid out by Senators GRASSLEY and GRAHAM , Mr. D ESANTIS and others, indicating that Christopher Steele and Glenn Simpson had lied to the FBI and potentially had failed to register as agents of a foreign government as they were seeking to lobby for changes to the Magnitsky Act. But when Mr. Rosenstein’s own action was questioned, when his own propriety, when his own integrity was called to bear as a consequence of his participation in the illegal spying by our government on American citizens, well, he didn’t go seek the same special counsel remedy that he sought to go after Mr. Trump. He went and picked his own employees to investigate himself. I agree with the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ), that that is a standard that erodes our trust in the rule of law. When you have got one set of rules for the Clintons and the FBI and the deep state and another set of rules for anyone that has had anything to do with Mr. Trump, we deprive ourselves of the ability to find the facts, and to ensure that people who have truly broken the law are held accountable. I support Mr. ZELDIN ’s call for a second special counsel. I would note that this is an organic call from the membership of this body. It began with several members of the Judiciary Committee in July. Under Mr. ZELDIN ’s leadership, we have had a number of Republican colleagues sign on, including the majority leader of the House and the whip of the House. So we invite and encourage our leadership to continue to support these efforts so that we can restore the rule of law in this country. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Florida, as he pointed out, and our next speaker signed as well at the end of February, February 28, a letter signed by over a dozen of our colleagues to AG Sessions calling for the appointment of a second special counsel. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ). Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York (Mr. ZELDIN ) for hosting tonight’s really important Special Order. I might just add, as a side note, that Mr. ZELDIN and I are very aware of corruption firsthand; I, as a former member of the Assembly, and him as a former member of the New York State Senate. Today is actually the day of former speaker Sheldon Silver’s second trial. He is being tried for corruption in New York, so we know what it is like to fight the good fight on that. But I want to just highlight why it is so important and why I agreed to sign on to Mr. ZELDIN ’s letter appointing a second special counsel. Recent evidence has emerged raising serious concerns about decisions and activities at the Department of Justice, the DOJ, and the FBI regarding FISA abuse. I keep saying FISA, but for everyone, so they should know, it is the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act, and it is why the Clinton probe ended and why the Trump Russia probe began. It appears that, for political gain, key Federal employees at the FBI and the Department of Justice deliberately misled our FISA courts and pursued a partisan political agenda. The FISA memo detailing these abuses of power stated: ‘‘Top Obama administration officials knowingly used unverified information paid for by the Hillary Clinton campaign, some of which came from Russian intelligence, in a secret court document to justify a counterintelligence investigation of the Trump campaign during the 2016 Presidential election. This corrupt process was later the basis for a campaign to sabotage the incoming Trump administration and to fuel a witch hunt against the President.’’ The American people deserve to know if our government is misusing powerful surveillance methods to exact political revenge, especially if it is before a FISA court. This behavior by those entrusted to impartially serve the public threatens to the core the integrity and vibrancy of our constitutional republic. The American people are starting to get it. A recent Harvard CAPSHarris Poll survey concluded that 67 percent of Americans support a second special counsel; 75 percent of those are Republicans, 60 percent are Democrats, and 69 percent are independents. This is a significant majority of Americans ranging from all sides of the political spectrum. Tonight, Mr. Speaker, I stand alongside my distinguished colleagues to encourage Attorney General Jeff Sessions to appoint a second special counsel. Simply appointing Attorney John Huber to lead an internal Justice Department review of Special Counsel Robert Mueller is a step in the right direction, but I don’t believe it is far enough. The American people deserve nothing less than full transparency. Working alongside congressional leaders, I will continue to fight to ensure these serious matters are investigated, and encourage investigations where necessary to restore the public trust. We must demand accountability across the board. It is the only way we are going to restore public trust in our institutions of government and to restore the rule of law and order in our communities. I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this issue as a member of the Financial Services Committee, but also, importantly, as a member of the Foreign Affairs Committee, and also serving honorably as a distinguished member of our Armed Forces in the Army. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Blue Star Mom CLAUDIA TENNEY for being here and for her leadership on this important cause as well. Mr. Speaker, I thank all of my distinguished colleagues who we have heard from, and additional colleagues who will be out here shortly. We are laying out the very important case here tonight why a second special counsel is needed with regard to misconduct at the highest levels of the DOJ and FBI related to FISA abuse; how and why the Hillary Clinton email probe ended; how and why the Trump Russia probe began. Mr. Speaker, we cannot expect the DOJ and FBI to fully investigate themselves. I have a great amount of respect for everyone at the Justice Department who has served and continues to serve for all of the right reasons, as I mentioned earlier, integrity, independence, patriotism, objectivity, and commitment to the rule of law. A special counsel can ensure transparency and accountability so that these historic, legendary, and necessary agencies can move forward with their important mission better than ever before. The list of concerns that warrant an immediate and independent investigation is long and growing by the day. First, tonight I will discuss the misconduct with regard to how and why the Hillary Clinton email probe ended. Next, we will cover FISA abuse. And finally, we will discuss the manner in which the TrumpRussia probe began, was extended, continued, and became a special counsel probe. But before discussing each of these topics individually, it is important to address the political bias that has existed among individuals at the highest levels of the DOJ and FBI. First, there was FBI Agent Peter Strzok, who was the chief of the FBI’s counterespionage section. Additionally, there was Agent Strzok’s mistress, FBI counsel Lisa Page. Aside from the fact that they were in love, it is important to note that these two individuals exchanged many texts detailing their personal biases, overcoming their better judgment in performance of their duties. Text messages exchanged between Strzok and Page during the period of August 16, 2015, to May 17, 2017, show substantial evidence of politicizing Federal law enforcement and improperly handling investigations within the agency. The texts contain egregious evidence of bias against President Trump, before and after the November 2016 election. Page would write: ‘‘Trump should go F— himself.’’ Strzok would text: ‘‘F—  Trump.’’ Now, that is barely even starting to scratch the surface with those two. It is also worth noting that their texts, for some reason, were not stored within the FBI archives system, an egregious oversight blamed on a technical glitch. And even after these messages were partially recovered by the agency’s inspector general in 2018, many unanswered questions remain regarding impropriety and bias. 
Then there was DOJ senior official Bruce Ohr, fourth in command at the agency. While the DOJ and FBI were improperly submitting FISA applications based on Fusion GPS’ work on behalf of the DNC and Hillary Clinton campaign, it was never disclosed that Bruce Ohr’s wife worked at Fusion GPS, and that he served as the middleman between Christopher Steele and the Justice Department. Then there was FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, whose wife, Dr. Jill McCabe, was running for Virginia State Senate, and received $675,000 in donations from the Virginia Democratic Party and Common Good VA, the leadership PAC controlled by Democratic Virginia Governor Terry McAuliffe, a longtime Clinton associate. These are just a few of the many highlights of partisan bias at the highest levels of DOJ and FBI. That list, and the evidence, runs much, much deeper. b1945 The Hillary Clinton email probe: While these various rogue agents were busy trying to obstruct Donald Trump from day one, they were failing to properly complete their investigation into the Hillary Clinton email controversy. During her tenure as Secretary of State, Hillary Clinton violated Federal law and State Department rules, regulations, and protocol by using a private email server in her Chappaqua, New York, home. She would transmit emails that contained sensitive information or classified material on this unsecured server. This use of a private server was meant to blatantly get around FOIA and to avoid having to turn over incriminating emails in the case of a subpoena. Her plan proved to be partially successful when various sensitive emails subject to grand jury and congressional subpoenas were destroyed through bleach biting and the destruction of hardware before they could be obtained by investigators. The FBI, led by thenDirector James Comey, began an incomplete investigation into this serious issue. And according to transcripts obtained by the Senate Judiciary Committee, Comey was prepared to exonerate Secretary Clinton as early as April or May of 2016 when he began to draft a statement announcing the end of his investigation before up to 17 key witnesses, including former Secretary Clinton herself and several of her closest aides, were even interviewed. Cheryl Mills, who served as counselor and chief of staff to Hillary Clinton during her whole tenure as United States Secretary of State, was offered immunity from prosecution by the FBI during its investigation in exchange for access to her laptop that contained many of the questionable emails. Why? And after watching President Trump’s personal attorney last week get a noknock raid of his home and office, that is especially troubling how the scales of justice are just not equal under the law. That is a big problem. Back to Comey, now he contradicted those transcripts I mentioned when he stated during sworn testimony before the House Judiciary Committee on September 28 of 2016 that he made the decision not to recommend criminal charges for Hillary Clinton after she was interviewed by the FBI on July 2, 2016. That was a flatout lie under oath. Former Director Comey, in the final draft of his statement, allowed Peter Strzok to replace ‘‘grossly negligent,’’ which is legally punishable under Federal law, with ‘‘extremely careless,’’ which is not legally punishable under Federal law. Federal law states that gross negligence in handling our Nation’s intelligence can be punished criminally with prison time and/or fines. And then there was the infamous tarmac meeting on June 27, 2016, just days before Hillary Clinton would end up being exonerated. Attorney General Loretta Lynch had a covert meeting with Hillary Clinton’s husband, former President Bill Clinton, aboard AG Lynch’s plane on the tarmac in Phoenix, Arizona. The likelihood of this conversation being just small talk was zero. And let’s not forget that it was AG Lynch who insisted that the Hillary Clinton email probe not even be called an investigation. Instead, she insisted it be called a matter, as if the Clinton campaign were driving the bus of the investigation and calling the shots. Soon after, Comey violated DOJ rules and unilaterally exonerated thenPresidential candidate Hillary Clinton in a public statement to the media. One day later, on July 6, 2016, an announcement followed from AG Lynch that the DOJ investigation into thenPresidential candidate Hillary Clinton would be formally closed, with no criminal charges. This seemingly endless trail of crimes and misconduct relating to Hillary Clinton’s emails did not end there. In September 2016, the FBI, during an examination of the personal laptop of former Congressman Anthony Weiner, as part of an unrelated investigation into him sending sexually explicit messages to a teenage girl, discovered previously unexamined State Department classified emails belonging to his spouse, top Clinton aide Huma Abedin. The man within the FBI tasked with examining these additional emails was—guess who—FBI Deputy Director Andrew McCabe, whose wife was then in the midst of a Virginia State senate campaign generously supported by Clinton operatives and Clintonallied money. It then took until October 28 of 2016 for Comey to announce, via a letter to the chairmen of the relevant congressional committees, that he was reopening the investigation, an additional egregious delay after McCabe failed to even examine the illicit emails for at least 3 weeks after the FBI discovered them on Anthony Weiner’s computer. The DOJ’s inspector general is still conducting an investigation into whether thenFBI Deputy Director McCabe and other FBI officials sought to purposely delay the release of these illicit emails for politically motivated purposes. Hillary Clinton’s privileged status her whole career, and especially during the Obama administration, as above the law doesn’t end with her legal misuse of classified emails. Throughout the Obama administration, while she was serving as Secretary of State, and later as she was running for President, the Department of Justice also failed to fully investigate serious concerns surrounding the connection between her, her husband, and the Clinton Foundation to Russiancontrolled company Uranium One, which received State Department approval to purchase American uranium mines in 2010. Also in 2010, while Russian state interests were working to both acquire a majority stake in Uranium One and to purchase American mines, Bill Clinton was paid $500,000 for a speech in Moscow by a Kremlinlinked Russian investment bank that was underwriting Uranium One stock. Nothing to see here, right? The Obama DOJ ignored an FBI probe on the matter. A confidential informant who worked with the FBI to uncover bribery and other corruption related to the Uranium One matter was threatened with reprisal by the Justice Department under AG Lynch when he tried to come forward in 2016. The Senate Judiciary Committee launched a probe in October of 2017 to investigate the Uranium One issue, including whether Federal agencies such as the State Department knew the FBI was looking into possible corruption before the deal was approved. Mr. Speaker, this again brings home the urgent need for an independent and fair investigation. Collusion with corrupt Russian actors is, indeed, a very serious concern and a threat to U.S. national security, especially when critical resources that impact national and global security, such as uranium, are up for grabs to questionable companies that were not properly scrutinized due to their connections with an influential family. FISA abuse: Mr. Speaker, there are also very serious concerns that, in October 2016, the FBI and DOJ used politically biased, unverified sources to improperly obtain a FISA warrant to spy on an American citizen. This warrant granted U.S. intelligence and law enforcement agencies sweeping power to collect bulk information and conduct ‘‘about collection,’’ which results in surveillance of a broad array of private communications from the past, present, and future, including those of U.S. citizens not specifically targeted in a FISAauthorized warrant. 
To obtain these warrants, FBI and DOJ officials submitted an unverified dossier prepared by Christopher Steele to the FISA court, failing to disclose that Christopher Steele was hired by the firm Fusion GPS, which was hired by the Democratic National Committee and Hillary Clinton campaign to prepare this dossier, and that the source was unreliable and soon thereafter was going to be terminated as an asset. The FISA court was not informed that Christopher Steele was actively opposed to the election of Donald Trump, that he was the unnamed source cited in the media reports that the FBI used to corroborate his dossier, and that Fusion GPS had been hired to perform previous antiTrump research efforts in 2015. The Woods Procedures, which are the FBI’s mandatory vetting process required for all FISA warrant applications, instituted to ensure that all facts contained in an application are accurate and verified to clearly support probable cause for the warrant, was clearly not followed. FormerDirector Comey then admitted in sworn testimony to the Senate Judiciary Committee on June 8, 2017, that material contained in the Steele dossier was known to be both salacious and unverified. Since FISA applications are rarely turned down and almost never subject to appeal, are presented in closed court with no public record where the government is not challenged by any defense, it is imperative that the government take extra care to validate the information being utilized to build their case before they take the extraordinary step of waiving rights of a U.S. citizen without his or her knowledge or the opportunity to defend themselves. These are secret documents submitted to a secret court to spy on an American citizen. The government has a responsibility not only to provide the best evidence they have in support of their case, but to also provide the best evidence that they have against their case. These deeply flawed and questionable FISA warrant applications utilizing illicit sources and politically biased intelligence were approved by DOJ and FBI officials at the highest levels before being submitted to the FISA court. It was further not disclosed to the FISA court, as I referenced earlier, that the wife of the fourth ranking DOJ official, Bruce Ohr, was an employee of Fusion GPS, and Christopher Steele directly transmitted the dossier and other information through Bruce Ohr for submission to the FISA court. Let’s talk about how and why the TrumpRussia probe began. Mr. Speaker, make no mistake, the TrumpRussia probe was launched because Donald Trump won the GOP nomination for President of the United States. It is clear why DOJ and FBI didn’t want to turn over the memo opening the investigation. They didn’t come up with a sufficient alternative justification to start the probe. The Trump Russia probe was then continued because Trump became very close to possibly being elected President of the United States. It is clear why DOJ and FBI didn’t want the Nunes memo released: they broke the rules and misled a FISA court to improperly secure a warrant to spy on a U.S. citizen. The TrumpRussia probe then became a special counsel probe because Donald Trump subsequently won the election, and the FBI Director then illegally leaked classified info to the media to trigger a special counsel appointment. Director Comey had prepared a series of seven memos containing classified information, including notes on his conversations with President Trump. He then admitted in sworn testimony to the Senate Committee on Intelligence in June 2017 that he had leaked this classified content to a personal friend and encouraged that friend to share the material with the press. That is a blatant violation of Federal law meant to protect sensitive information from falling into the wrong hands. An investigation conducted by the Senate Judiciary Committee later revealed that the personal friend of Director Comey was Professor Daniel Richman of Columbia Law School, and that Mr. Comey provided him with four of the seven memoranda, all containing classified information. Mr. Speaker, in closing, with all of this grievous misconduct at the highest levels of the DOJ and FBI, the blatant violations of the Constitution and law, and so many serious unanswered questions, this matter must be investigated by someone who can act independently from outside the Justice Department. The nearly 2
1⁄2years that the Trump Russia probe has continued on with zero accountability still appears to be without any evidence that President Trump colluded with the Russians. These have been some of the most tumultuous years in the history of the FBI and DOJ, but with transparency and accountability, these awesome agencies can get everything back on track. In March 2018, former FBI Director McCabe was fired by AG Jeff Sessions, who noted that Deputy Director McCabe ‘‘lacked candor—including under oath—on multiple occasions’’ and had partaken in ‘‘unauthorized disclosure to the news media.’’ This is among other violations noted in a report issued by the FBI Office of Inspector General after a widereaching investigation into McCabe’s conduct. A myriad of other DOJ and FBI personnel have been fired, demoted, or resigned during these past few years: Former FBI Director Comey; chief of staff to the Director, James Rybicki; FBI General Counsel James Baker; FBI Agent Peter Strzok; FBI Counsel Lisa Page; FBI Special Agent Josh Campbell; DOJ senior official Bruce Ohr; FBI Assistant Director Michael Kortan; and Assistant Attorney General Peter Kadzik. The DOJ Inspector General’s Office has undoubtedly done great work to uncover misconduct and expose bias, but the mission of the OIG is limited only to ‘‘detect and deter waste, fraud, abuse, and misconduct in DOJ programs and personnel, and to promote economy and efficiency in those programs.’’ A fully independent special counsel has greater autonomy than an IG or other Federal prosecutors to run a nonbiased investigation and, if necessary, bring forth criminal charges. With so much at risk, including the integrity of our Federal law enforcement agencies, which are tasked with protecting our Nation and upholding the rule of law, the need is more urgent than ever. This is not about politics but about the principles that bind together our Nation and our constitutional system of government. Equality under the law and impartiality of justice is what brings all of us to the House floor tonight, urging the Attorney General of the United States to take immediate action through the appointment of a second special counsel. Too many questions remain unanswered, and too much is at stake. Mr. Speaker, I say to Mr. Sessions: It is very important to take this action and appoint a second special counsel. Mr. Speaker, at this point I yield to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT), one of the signers of our late February letter to AG Sessions, a great leader in this cause. b2000 Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, the American people are sick and tired of the double standard shown to the Clintons, and the issue does not just stop narrowly with all of the issues which were just laid out so well by my colleague. There is sufficient evidence that Democratic opposition research was submitted as evidence to a FISA court so that our intelligence community could begin spying on the Trump campaign and American citizens. Justice has not been done here, as elsewhere, and Americans know full well what is going on up here. Mr. Speaker, the script has flipped, and it seems clear it was the Democrats, not Republicans, who abused their power to try to get Clinton elected. Unique in world history, America is the first Nation that was founded on the premise and the promise that all people are created equal under the law. That means no matter how wellconnected, no matter how wealthy you are, no matter how many foreign leaders you have under your thumb, no matter how popular, no matter how elite, no matter how educated, no matter how many lawyers you have, no one 
in this country stands above the law of the land, and we have to ensure that that remains the case. The system is rigged. BERNIE SANDERSran for the people without power, and the system and a party rigged his election. I ran to protect people from the corruption in D.C. Now, what was going on in D.C. last week, we have monopolies run amuck, Facebook, Google, Amazon, big banks, big insurance, big everything, the exact opposite of the logic of the Founders. ADAM SMITH, the founder of free market economics, wanted a country where small businesses competed against each other—no monopolies, no oligopolies. James Madison, the author of the Constitution, wanted a country with a large number of factors that duked it out among themselves. No power centered—especially in the Federal Government up in D.C.—all power returned to the States and to the people. But today, that is all, unfortunately, upside down up in the swamp. I know it sounds like fiction that the FBI used a piece of opposition research paid for by the Clintons and the Democrats to file a warrant to spy on American citizens and the Trump campaign. Comey, McCabe, Rybicki, Jim Baker, Lisa Page, Peter Strzok, all of these are top personnel, political appointees in the FBI who are wrapped up in this story. They are not going to investigate themselves. We need a fair and independent special counsel looking into this to see if there is anything wrong and any wrongdoing. Mr. Speaker, a second special counsel really is the only way to have the flexibility to fully investigate the matter of political bias in regards to ruling of the FISA court and see if anyone has broken the law of the land. Only after we fully investigate this matter will we have the full confidence that no one has escaped justice. The American people want that closure, and so do I. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT) for being here and for all of his efforts. Mr. Speaker, at this time, it is a great pleasure to yield to Congressman LOUIE GOHMERT from Texas. Oftentimes, for those who are at home who may be watching C–SPAN late on a weeknight like tonight, I will encourage them that all other nights when we are here, there is a pretty good chance that if they turn on C–SPAN late at night, LOUIE GOHMERT will be standing where he is about to speak from, this wise man, educating us on his thoughts and reflections of our great country. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, coming from my friend, a wise man from New York, I appreciate that very much. And I appreciate the effort in securing the whole hour for all of us to talk about this issue. It really is a matter of wideeyed justice. The blindfold was removed, and real justice in America is hanging in the balance. People in America have seen what happened; and I think because they have seen the way justice has been abused for a number of years now, it is what helped Donald J. Trump get elected President. People were ready for significant changes so that we could get back to a country where the rule of law mattered regardless of who was the President. When we look back at Chuck Colson, he did a year and a half in prison basically for having one FBI file in the White House. The Clintons had nearly 1,000 in the White House. Nobody did a day. We saw that kind of injustice come in and played out before us during the 8 years of Eric Holder and Loretta Lynch in the Justice Department. And now Americans who have seen— not all of them. Some are still blinded by the very thick paint that is provided by the mainstream media—but when you break through that, you brush that off, you get down to the bare facts. What you have now is Deputy Attorney General Rosenstein who was the U.S. attorney when Russia’s illegal effort to obtain U.S. uranium was going down. He and his dear friend, Robert Mueller, as head of the FBI, were investigating what they knew. They had the facts. They had the evidence. They had the person working behind the scenes providing information, and they knew Russia was illegally trying to corner the market on U.S. uranium. They knew that bribes were taking place. They knew there were all kinds of crimes taking place. Yet we don’t know how it was with such a powerfully important investigation going on, an investigation that has led up to a time now where the head of Russia— whether you want to call him czar, president, Vladimir, whatever you want to call him, he is the head guy— and he has made clear that in Russia they have rockets now that can deliver atomic weapons, nuclear weapons, that the United States cannot stop. And we know that while Rosenstein and Mueller were involved in investigating the efforts of the President’s friend, Vladimir, for whom he had much flexibility after the second election, we know he is making noise, rattling his sabre, as an existential threat to the United States’ very existence. So the evidence was there. What we can’t find out, because we can’t get a proper investigation, is who was it? What was it that caused Rod Rosenstein and FBI Director Mueller to squelch the investigation into Russia’s effort to get our uranium? Because if it was going full board, and if it had not been squelched by Mr. Rosenstein and Mr. Mueller, Russia would never have ended up with 20 percent of U.S. uranium. And since we now know Hillary Clinton will not be President, the Clinton Foundation has gone away. But when it looked like everybody thought she was going to be the next President—and she had been Secretary of State. She had all of this power as Secretary of State. She was one of the key critical people that had to approve this sale that would end up putting uranium from the United States in Russia’s possession. They squelched the investigation. The sale went through with Hillary Clinton and her friends’ support. The Clinton Foundation ends up with $145 million from those who had invested in the effort to get Russia U.S. uranium. Bill Clinton got $500,000 for a 20minute speech that, from what we understand, wasn’t very good; but it wasn’t about a good speech, it was about rewarding the Clintons for Russia getting U.S. uranium. There is no way, this side of heaven, that you could have a fair investigation of former FBI Director Mueller and the former U.S. attorney on the role they played in helping Russia— along with Hillary Clinton, helping Russia get U.S. uranium, all to the detriment of the United States. I mean, we had prior Soviet spies, Communist spies, who were put to death for providing designs for advanced weaponry. But in this case, you have Hillary Clinton, Rod Rosenstein, and Bob Mueller not just helping design. Here is what you need to create atomic weapons to destroy the United States. They didn’t care. We know on one hand money, a great deal of money, was involved and changed hands, but there is no way the FBI and the Justice Department, that we have seen has so many close friends of Mueller and Rosenstein—there is no way they are going to be able to investigate that matter. Since the day Robert Mueller was appointed as special counsel, I have been begging that we get a second counsel to investigate Mueller. He ought to be fired, but that, politically, cannot happen without some of our weakkneed Republicans in the Senate deciding they need to remove the President. That should not happen for what the Democrats did. So it is critical. If we have a second counsel—and by the way, let me just say, a great patriot, ethical, honest, upright man named Jeff Sessions is seeing to a number of critical things that we need investigated, seeing to them being investigated. And I applaud his efforts to apply the rule of law across the board. But when it comes to investigating Rosenstein, Mueller, and Comey—who has already admitted leaking things that should be a crime—that is going to take a second counsel. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my friend Congressman ZELDIN arranging for this time to talk about it. I appreciate the effort my colleagues have put into researching this. We have got to have a second counsel, or our Justice Department is done. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas for his leadership. Our next speaker is oftentimes at the very tip of the spear of the issues that 
matter most all throughout America. He certainly has met the tip of the spear here, bringing accountability and transparency to the maximum degree he knows possible. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Congressman JIMJORDAN . Mr. JORDAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman. It is good to be with my good friend from New York and other Members of Congress here tonight to talk about why we need a second special counsel. Nobody likes him. I don’t like him, but I don’t know of any other remedy. Is the FBI really going to be able to investigate themselves? Is the Department of Justice really going to be able to investigate themselves? And I understand Mr. Horowitz, the inspector general, is going to do good work, and he has done good work, but it is not the same. It is not the same. b2015 The only way to get to the truth, I think, is to have a second special counsel look at all of this; all the Clinton investigation, all the Russia investigation, look at it all. Understand a few things we have learned over the past few months and, frankly, the past few days with the very top people at the FBI. James Comey misled the American people on both investigations. Now, think about this. Mr. Comey, at the urging of thenAttorney General Loretta Lynch, calls the Clinton investigation a matter, not an investigation, and misleads the American people. We all know it was an investigation. As some of my colleagues have said, the last time I checked, he was not running the Federal Bureau of Matters; it is the Federal Bureau of Investigation. It was an investigation, but in an attempt to play it down, he misleads the American people and calls it a matter and not an investigation. Then, when it came to our President, he allows the perception to exist with the American people that President Trump is under investigation when, in fact, he wasn’t and had been told by James Comey, himself, that he wasn’t under investigation. Then, of course, there is the number two guy at the FBI, Andrew McCabe, who we have learned in the last few days actually misled the Office of Professional Responsibility, misled his boss, and misled the inspector general on two different occasions—four times, total. As they say, he lacked candor. He didn’t tell the truth. So we need a special counsel to look into all this and a host of other things. It was those guys, Mr. Comey and Mr. McCabe, who were involved at the FBI when the whole dossier thing unfolded where they took an opposition research document, dressed it all up, made it look like it was legitimate intelligence, and took it to the secret court to get a warrant to spy on a fellow American associated with the Trump campaign. They didn’t tell the court two important things. They didn’t tell the court who paid for the document, namely, the Clinton campaign and the DNC; and they didn’t tell the court that the author of that salacious and unverified document, Christopher Steele, had had his relationship with the FBI terminated because Mr. Steele broke a cardinal rule: he went and told the press he was working for the FBI. Now, if you and I go to court, we have got to tell the truth. We have got to tell the whole truth. But they didn’t. They didn’t. Now, recently, there have been two appointments made at the Department of Justice by the current Attorney General: Mr. Huber and Mr. Lausch. Mr. Lausch has been named to help get the documents to Congress that we are entitled as a separate and equal branch of government to receive. Mr. Huber has been tasked with overseeing this whole Russia investigation. While these individuals appear to be fine individuals, again, it is not the same because whom does Mr. Huber and Mr. Lausch answer to? They answer to Rod Rosenstein, who was involved in all this throughout all the Clinton investigation and throughout the Russia investigation. They answer to Rod Rosenstein. Now, how do employees investigate their boss? Someone tell me how that works. I have two final points. When you think about probably the classic definition of the swamp, think about this: Rod Rosenstein writes the memo for firing James Comey. James Comey leaks a government document to The New York Times to create momentum for a special counsel, Bob Mueller, whom Rod Rosenstein appoints as the special counsel and oversees; and one of the elements they are looking at is whether there was obstruction of justice in the firing of James Comey. You can’t make this stuff up. You talk about the biggest roundabout I have ever seen. We need a special counsel. Think about this as well: the Attorney General has said only in extraordinary circumstances do you name special counsel. It is pretty extraordinary when James Comey, the Director of the FBI, has been fired; Andrew McCabe, the Deputy Director of the FBI, has been fired; Jim Baker, the former general counsel, has been demoted and reassigned; Peter Strzok, the deputy head of counterintelligence has been demoted and reassigned; and Lisa Page, FBI counsel, has been demoted and reassigned. Those are some of the top people at the FBI. Now, if that is not extraordinary, then I don’t what the heck is. If it is not a little unusual when the new Deputy Attorney General writes the memo to fire James Comey and then names Bob Mueller as special counsel, and one of the things they are looking at is whether there was obstruction of justice in the firing of James Comey, if those aren’t extraordinary and strange circumstances warranting a second special counsel, then, again, I don’t know what is. So let’s just do the right thing. Mr. SESSIONS and Mr. Rosenstein should just do the right thing. The American people want this. If we get a second special counsel, then we limit the amount of time that they can look at this. We pick someone outside the swamp somewhere in the middle of the country. Let him or her run this investigation, say: Here is your time; go figure it out. I believe, when they reach their conclusions, there is a much better chance the American people will accept that result and accept their findings. But if it is just the same old thing that we have been seeing, I think that is much tougher. So this is what is needed. No one likes it; no one really wants these things to happen; but I see no other approach that will get the answers and hopefully provide the closure that the country needs to move on. So I would just say to Mr. SESSIONS  and Mr. Rosenstein: Do what everyone else in this country knows needs to happen. Name the second special counsel. Let’s get the facts for the American people, and let’s get moving. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman JORDAN for all of his remarks and his leadership on this issue. It is a great pleasure to introduce General SCOTT PERRY of Pennsylvania—otherwise known as Congressman General SCOTT PERRY of Pennsylvania—tonight to participate in our Special Order. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. PERRY ). Mr. PERRY. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for bringing this issue to light. As you can see, I am serving in this uniform. We are all citizens here tonight. No one outranks another. As a matter of fact, we all serve at the pleasure of our constituents, and we ask to earn their votes. With that, I want to join my colleagues in this call for a second special counsel to investigate the abuses of the Foreign Intelligence Surveillance Act court. Knowing what we know now, this warrant was based off of a bogus news report which was based off of a bogus document that was commissioned much like, Mr. Speaker, someone commissions an artist for a painting and said: Well, we want this information to make the other guy look bad, so we are going to pay you. You go get the information, put it together in a nice format for us, and then we are going to act like it is real. I say that because, right now, there doesn’t seem to be any evidence that says that any of it is real, no evidence after over a year of investigation. So they commissioned this dossier, which is just a fancy name for a file, to 
go get the other guy, and they use that to get a FISA warrant and investigate him using the power of the Federal Government, the highest power, to investigate a private citizen. Now, this begs the question, Mr. Speaker: Did these partisans intentionally mislead the FISA court? That is the question. The reason that we are asking for a second special counsel acknowledges that these things can be problematic, they can run far afield, and we want them to be focused only on what they are focused on and not looking at everything and anything. But the reason there has to be a second special counsel, Mr. Speaker, is because that is the only one who can answer this question. Because the people who potentially stand accused—and we don’t know exactly who they are—are a limited group of people, because I can’t get a FISA court to investigate somebody—you can’t get a FISA court to investigate, and the American people can’t get the FISA court to investigate somebody where they think something wrong has happened. Only the Department of Justice and the FBI folks can get this FISA warrant. If they are the only people who can get it, then they can’t be investigating themselves. Nowhere else do we ask the accused to investigate himself and come up with the right answer, only in this crazy world that we live in right here. So that is why we must have the second special counsel. The standard for accountability simply must be higher. And if you don’t understand, when you go to the FISA court, it is not like any other court where you say: ‘‘Here is the prosecution’s case, and here is the defense’s case.’’ It doesn’t work like that. It is only the prosecution’s case because it is secret, Mr. Speaker. The defense doesn’t get to defend themselves until after the fact. That is why there has to be a higher standard and a higher level of accountability, because it is only supposed to be in the rarest of circumstances that this is used. I have said over and over again: Do I live in a free America or do I live in a place where there is a secret police like the KGB where, instead of investigating crimes, we investigate people, and we keep investigating and investigating until we find a crime? That is not what we plan for in America. Nowhere is it said that people in high positions are allowed to weaponize the instruments of Federal power to get back at their political rivals or their political enemies. American citizens deserve strict constitutional protections regardless of what court they are in and, most specifically and most especially, if they are in the FISA Court. The Founding Fathers wrote the Fourth Amendment to enshrine and ensure that the right of the people to be secure in their persons, their houses, their papers and effects against unreasonable searches and seizures shall not be violated. But, Mr. Speaker, they have been violated. The Founding Fathers wrote that long before the internet was available and long before cameras and microphones were ubiquitous in our society. The time is now long overdue to reaffirm that right. I have always opposed warrantless surveillance and searches of American citizens because they violate the Constitution. Mr. Speaker, you may say: Why should I care? I am not being investigated by the FISA court. It is not happening to me. But think about that. If it can happen to the President of the United States, arguably the most powerful person in our country if not the free world, then do you think it can’t happen to you? Do you think it is fair? Is it right to have one standard of justice, or is it okay to have two: one for all of us people out here and then one for the politically connected? That is why you should care, because there is a true danger in the unchecked power and authority of a faceless government bureaucrat. The American people have a right to know who is watching the watchmen, and it is our job in Congress to do that watching. That is why we are calling for this second special counsel. Mr. Speaker, it is long overdue and it is long past time. These abuses cannot continue. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from New York for the time and for bringing this issue to light. Mr. ZELDIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman PERRY and all of our speakers tonight: Congressman GAETZ , Congresswoman TENNEY , Congressmen BRAT, GOHMERT , JORDAN , PERRY , and everyone who has been part of this cause. Just to recap, we, over the course of this hour, outlined all the main reasons why it is imperative for AG Sessions to appoint a second special counsel to look into FISA abuse, how and why the Hillary Clinton case ended, and how and why the TrumpRussia probe began. As Congressman PERRY was just talking about the scales of justice, I remember when Hillary Clinton was publicly being exonerated just days after a tarmac meeting where her husband was able to meet with AG Lynch on her plane on the tarmac in Phoenix, Arizona. I was thinking of the people who had to go into court that day as defendants. Maybe they got caught making a right on red, and they are a defendant going before a judge. They are pleading, and they are being punished. And yet here you have all this evidence with the Hillary Clinton case and there would be zero accountability, that actually the decision would be made to exonerate Hillary Clinton before even interviewing her and well over a dozen others. There should be equal treatment under the law. The scales of justice should not be tilted based off of your last name. Cheryl Mills gets immunity; Michael Cohen gets his offices and home raided. If there was equal justice under the law, then there might be more understanding and a greater mandate for actions being taken. But President Trump is being investigated because he won the GOP nomination. That is why the investigation got started. The reason why the DOJ and FBI didn’t want to release the memo is because they really didn’t have much of a better reason. They were reaching, and they really didn’t want to have to tell Congress why they started, because the real reason was because he won the Republican nomination, and they wanted to continue the investigation because he actually had a shot at winning. So they go to a secret court with secret documents to spy on a United States citizen desperate to try to find information loaded with bias, clearas day bias, an antiTrump and proHillary bias where their political bias is overcoming their better objective, and then expanding the probe and creating a special counsel because the President is elected. That is not how we do things in this country where you get investigated because you win an election, where you identify a person, and then you empower someone with authority to go out and try to find a crime anywhere. So with regard to FISA abuse—the end of the Hillary Clinton probe and the beginning of the TrumpRussia probe—it is imperative for AG Sessions to appoint a second special counsel. I appreciate everyone for tuning in during this hour. We look forward to continuing the effort until we get this done and over the top. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. HOLLINGSWORTH ). The Chair would remind Members that remarks in debate may not engage in personalities toward the President, including by repeating remarks made elsewhere that would be improper if spoken in the Member’s own words. 
b2030 REMEMBRANCE OF VICTIMS OF THE HOLOCAUST The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. WILSON ) for 30 minutes. 
Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the topic of this Special Order, which is Remembrance of Victims of the Holocaust. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from South Carolina? 
There was no objection. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. I am particularly grateful to be here tonight with Congressman LEEZELDIN from New York for promoting the restoration of integrity at the Department of Justice and the FBI with a second special counsel. Today I rise in honor of the days of remembrance of victims of the Holocaust officially designated by President Donald Trump last week. President Donald Trump will always be appreciated for establishing next month the American Embassy to be relocated and established in Jerusalem. A recent study has found that the knowledge of the atrocities that occurred during the Holocaust is waning as we get further and further removed from the horrible events. The phrase ‘‘We Remember’’ is used to emphasize the importance of remembering exactly what happened to ensure that it never happens again. It is in this context that I stand today, not only in honor of those murdered at the hands of the Nazis during the Holocaust, as well as those who survived, but to continue to speak the truth about what happened there and hope that it never fades from our collective memories, to be never repeated. All citizens should tour the Holocaust Museum here in Washington to learn the shocking truth of Nazi inhumanity. In 1933, Adolf Hitler ascended to power in Germany not through force but through an appointment to chancellor by the sitting President Paul von Hindenburg. He devised a fictional tale about the need for ethnic purity to be successful. The German people were desperate and susceptible to lies and deceptions, and, sadly, many eventually followed Hitler into the atrocities that followed. The level of deception Hitler and the Nazis were willing to go to, to gain unilateral authority, was apparent early on. In February of 1933, just a month after Hitler was appointed chancellor, the German Reichstag parliament building was burned, and they immediately blamed it on their opponents. This allowed Hitler to take advantage of this situation and issue a decree that placed constraints on the press and banned political meetings. By June of the same year, the Nazis declared themselves as the only legal party in Germany, and the Nazis passed a law allowing for forced sterilization of those with a genetic defect. The first openly antiSemitic law was passed in September 1933, prohibiting Jews from holding land 6 years before the start of World War II. After German President Paul von Hindenburg, who appointed Hitler as chancellor out of political expediency, passed away, Hitler named himself as fuhrer, gaining the power of both chancellor and President. One of the most shocking aspects of this ascent, looking back, is that Hitler received 90 percent support from German voters who approved of his new powers. After Hitler took complete control of Germany, the laws persecuting Jewish people escalated rapidly. One month after naming himself the fuhrer, the Nuremberg race laws were decreed. These laws banned interracial marriages between Jews and Germans and established that only those who were German or had German ancestors were able to be citizens. The rights of the Jewish people living in Germany slowly but surely dissipated without much attention from the international community; that is, until the Kristallnacht, the Night of Broken Glass, the night of November 10, 1938. German SS agents and local citizens were encouraged to smash windows of Jewishowned stores, buildings, and synagogues as the local law enforcement stood by and watched. Although many Germans, especially those who saw the destruction, disapproved, Hitler was able to quell any concerns through his control of the media. This event changed the nature of the German persecution of the Jewish people from economic, political, and social to beatings, incarcerations, and murder. By January 1939, Hitler issued the most public statement regarding his plans to the German parliament. Hitler’s goal, in no uncertain terms, was ‘‘the annihilation of the Jewish race in Europe.’’ In addition to Hitler’s domination over the Jewish people in Germany, he began to expand his empire to neighboring European nations. The hostile takeover began in Austria, though the union of the two countries had been a popular concept for decades. Therefore, there was not much resistance originally from the international community. It took the German invasion of Poland on September 2, 1939, for Britain and France to finally declare war on Nazi Germany. The invasion occurred in collaboration with Soviet dictator Joseph Stalin, who had a joint NaziSoviet pact with a secret protocol to invade Poland with Nazi and Soviet tanks providing for the partition of Poland. It would take two years for the United States to follow suit and declare war against Germany, after the surprise attack by the Axis partner Japan at Pearl Harbor. Despite Britain and France declaring war, that did not slow the Nazis advancing across Europe. On April 9, 1940, they invaded Denmark and Norway; and on May 10, they invaded France, Belgium, Holland, and Luxembourg. By June 14, the Nazis were occupying the French capital of Paris. The start of World War II also coincided with the Nazis’ increased brutality against the Jewish people. The same month that Britain and France declared war, Reinhard Heydrich issued instructions for the SS to gather Jews in ghettos. One month later, the Nazis would seal those ghettos so no one, meaning no Jewish person, could escape. On March 26, 1941, the German Army High Command gave the Reich Main Security Office approval to initiate SS murder squads throughout the eastern front. These squads, known as the Einsatzgruppen, were responsible for murdering the intelligentsia and cultural elite in Poland. This murder squad mainly killed civilians. Heydrich, upon inspecting the impact of the murder squads on his SS agents, decided these tactics were too costly, demoralizing, and did not kill victims quickly enough. That led the Nazis to increase their use of gas to murder the innocent Jewish people, which caused the death toll to increase exponentially. By the end of 1941, America was drawn into the war by the surprise murderous attack on Pearl Harbor by the Japanese, who, at this point, were part of the Axis powers, which included Germany and Italy. On December 11, after Germany declared war on the United States, President Franklin Roosevelt declared war against Germany, declaring: ‘‘Never before has there been a greater challenge to life, liberty, and civilization.’’ America then concentrated 90 percent of its resources to defeating Hitler. On January 20, 1942, the Wannsee Conference was held just outside of Berlin, where senior Nazi officials and SS met to coordinate their Final Solution. The Final Solution to the Jewish Question was the official code name for the murder of all Jews within reach, which was not limited to the European continent. This resulted in the deliberate and systematic genocide of the Jewish people. Operation Reinhard, the deadliest phase of the Holocaust, began the introduction of extermination camps. The goal was mass extermination. This horrific Final Solution was carried out at other execution and concentration camps across Europe. Sadly, the largest was at Auschwitz. Auschwitz I was first constructed to hold Polish political prisoners, who began to arrive in May 1940. The first extermination of prisoners took place in 1941, September. Auschwitz IIBirkenau also went on to become a major site of the Nazi Final Solution. The conditions in these concentration camps were too horrific to imagine. There was a barbaric selection process upon arrival where only those who were ablebodied and strong would survive the night. The rest were sent to gas chambers. The gas chambers were described clearly in ‘‘The Buchenwald Report.’’ An estimated 1.3 million people were sent to Auschwitz, of which at least 1.1 million people were murdered. Around 90 percent of those were Jews. Approximately one in six Jewish people killed in the Holocaust died at that camp. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to the distinguished Congressman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ), who represents the First District of Texas, to speak for 5 minutes. Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate my friend so much, bringing back 
the account of what happened. And I can remember—I majored in history in college—reading about General Eisenhower ordering American troops, Allied troops, to go gather people from the German communities near the concentration camps where so many Jews were being killed, ruthlessly killed. It is horrific to even contemplate what went on. And Eisenhower had ordered that, apparently, they bring the community citizens and have them help clean up the concentration camps. And the reason that was given was so that they could never say these things didn’t happen—and I thought at the time that really is going perhaps too far—because these people turned a blind eye to what was going on. Surely they suspected. They knew there was ash going over their communities. Surely they suspected. But I never dreamed we would reach a day when what Eisenhower feared would occur actually came about, and that is a time when people are finding it popular to deny that the Holocaust ever happened. So I am grateful that Israel has this Yom HaShoah, the Israel Holocaust remembrance day. But it should not just be for Israel. America needs to stand with Israel. There are those who are calling for extermination of Jews around the Earth again. It is unbelievable. It is unbelievable. It has been shocking to see antiSemitism growing again around Europe. To me, as an American, it has been even more shocking to see growing sentiment on U.S. college campuses denying that the Holocaust ever happened. That is the ultimate irony: having institutions of what are supposed to be higher learning in the United States of America, where at one time we had the best universities, everyone wanted to come to the U.S. for universities; but now we have institutions of higher learning that are actually the epitome of dumbing down and destroying history, rewriting history, which would make them institutions of the least learning, certainly not higher education. So it is important that we take time, we remember the horrors. I was just talking to my friend CLAUDIATENNEY from New York about the Jewish woman who came and spoke to her seventh grade class and then, as I understood, spoke to her child’s seventh grade class. And that is so important, but the Holocaust survivors, we are losing them day after day. It is up to us. I am so grateful to my friend, the good JOEWILSON , for securing this time so we could talk about the Holocaust. The Bible makes clear that you must teach about what God has done. We would never, ever want to see another Holocaust. After the horrors of the Holocaust, that what was prophesied for thousands of years has now happened, there is an Israel; it is making, has made, the desert bloom. But we should never forget, as long as this Earth is populated by human beings, another Holocaust is possible. And the blood would be on the hands and head of everyone who has denied that it was even possible. b2045 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman GOHMERT for his leadership. We have been joined by the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ), who has served our country so well on the General Assembly of New York and now here in Congress, Congresswoman CLAUDIA TENNEY . Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman JOEWILSON . He has been a terrific mentor for me, and I am grateful for his allowing me to recognize this really important experience. As we are remembering, there is a really important person in my life who has inspired me in many of the things that I do, and her name was Helen Sperling. She was born in 1920. She is a Holocaust survivor. She survived a Nazi death camp. She was actually liberated on April 18, 1945—just a couple of days away from that anniversary date. She had to be hospitalized in Germany for 3 years before she was finally able to immigrate to the United States with, eventually, her husband, who was also a Nazi survivor. But Helen was a special person, and she was someone whom I got to know. As Congressman GOHMERT just mentioned, as a student in New Hartford, New York, she was a resident of our town, and a very tiny woman, wonderfully positive and very excitable and really just a warm person. I was a seventh grade student, and she came and spoke to our class about the Holocaust and explained to us the horrors of what happened to her and her family in Nazi Germany, and it was just so impactful. Helen basically spent her life telling this story. As Congressman GOHMERT alluded to a moment ago, this wonderful person— one day, my son, 30 years later, came back from seventh grade and said: Mom, I met this incredible woman. She spoke in my class, and she told us all about the Holocaust and the horrors that occurred there, where the Jewish people were annihilated and killed and murdered in millions, and she told us her story. And at the end of the story, I asked her if I could hug her, and she said of course. He said he was so moved by her as well. And I just turned to him, and I said: Oh, my God, Helen Sperling is back. She is still talking about it. Helen, sadly, died a couple of years ago, and we gave honor and tribute to her as my constituent when I was a member of the New York State Assembly. But also, I got to meet Helen on a number of occasions afterwards. She was wonderful in speaking to Boys State, you know, the American Legion’s hosted events. I just want to read a little bit from Helen’s obituary, because I think it is really important to understand this woman who survived this and really devoted her entire life to educating children and people. I just want to read a little bit from this, and here is where it started from her obituary from 2 years ago. ‘‘The anguish of the Holocaust scarred Helen for life, and she tried to turn her pain into a positive instrument for education. In March 1967, the Annual Holocaust Lecture series was begun, and it was later named for Helen and Leon,’’ her late husband. ‘‘This annual program, endowed by the Sperlings, will continue to provide Holocaust education for many generations to come.’’ That was a dream of Helen’s. ‘‘From 1968 until her death, Helen had shared her life and her Holocaust experiences with tens of thousands of people, lecturing tirelessly at schools, colleges, churches, prisons, and clubs, in the fervent hope that both young people and adults would remember, learn, and build a better, more peaceful world. She will always be remembered by her challenge to ‘Never Be A Bystander.’ ‘‘Helen believed that the worst part of being in the concentration camps was the feeling of being powerless. She tried to teach people never to abuse power and to protect those who could not protect themselves. ‘‘As a result of the mutual love and respect between Helen and the generations of audiences that have heard her, Clinton and New Hartford Senior High Schools,’’ in my district—and New Hartford Senior High School, which is my alma mater—‘‘have each developed scholarship awards in her name to honor those seniors who exhibit the character that Helen believed would help make a better, more humane, and peaceful world. ‘‘These scholarships, as well as the many other tangible gifts given by ‘her schools,’ in her honor, touched Helen deeply. She was moved and grateful for the hundreds of lilacs planted by her friends and students in memory of her father.’’ The lilacs were her symbol. But I also want to mention something really important about Helen. I got to meet her, and actually one of the last times I got to speak with her was we were speaking together at Boys State in my district in 2012 and she got a little modern. One of the things she was handing out to the young men who were at Boys State learning how to potentially be serving our Nation as members of our military or in government, she handed out these lovely little, as you can see, one of these wristbands that are so common today. And on this wristband—this is the very wristband that was handed to me by Helen back in 2012. It says: ‘‘Thou shall not be a bystander.’’ Helen handed these out to everyone she spoke with, to remember, and to remember to stand up and not let these horrors of events like the Holocaust happen again in our time. 
I just wanted to pay tribute to her tonight. I thank Congressman WILSON for this great honor to be able to speak and to mention an outstanding member of my district and what she stood for, and that we shall not be bystanders and that we shall always remember and not let this very horrific part of human history be forgotten and make sure that it never gets repeated again. I just want to say thank you, and may God rest her soul, Helen Sperling, an amazing inspiration to me and so many thousands of others in my community. I just want to thank you for giving me a moment to recognize the great Helen Sperling from New Hartford, New York. Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congresswoman CLAUDIA TENNEY very much for her heartfelt presentation, and we appreciate her military family. While I am concluding, I would like to recognize a few Holocaust survivors in South Carolina. May we never forget their pain and suffering, as well as their family and friends who have become beloved citizens of the State of South Carolina. Ben Stern, born in 1924 in Kielce, Poland. Ben spent 6 months in the Kielce ghetto, where he was beaten and threatened to be hung for leaving the ghetto to get food for his family. Then he was taken to a forced labor camp called Henrykow, after which he never saw his family again. He then was transferred to Auschwitz, where he was sorted and sent to Birkenau. After being transferred again due to the Russians closing in, Ben was forced to participate in a death march where all those left standing at the end were murdered. He had fallen over just before those executions because he could no longer walk. Ben was later found by the American Army and rescued weighing 89 pounds but alive and liberated. Bert Gosschalk, born in 1920 in a little village in Holland. He was a member of the resistance. After a failed resistance attempt to blow up a railway to take away Nazi’s access, he and his wife were caught. Bert was then taken to the SS headquarters for questioning. There, he spent all day on his knees without food or water. While he was being questioned at the SS headquarters, a Dutch resistance group ambushed the German police. To retaliate, the Nazis brought all the prisoners to where the Germans had been ambushed and murdered all of them. Bert came back to discover there were only seven or eight men who survived, and, thankfully, he was one. Bluma Goldberg, born in Poland in a town called Pinczow. Bluma joined her sister at a labor camp where they stayed for 2 years making bullets, where they worked 12hour shifts, 7 days a week. As the Russians moved closer, Bluma was sent to BergenBelsen concentration camp, where disease ran rampant and everyone was covered in lice. After 3 months, Bluma was able to go with her sister Burgau, where they painted numbers on airplanes. Renee Kolender, born in the city of Bochnia, Poland, in 1926. In 1941, Renee was taken from the Kozienice ghetto to a labor camp in a Polish town called Skarzysko. There, Renee stayed for 3 years with her mother and brother making ammunition. As the Russians moved closer, Renee was moved to a labor camp closer to Germany where they made parts for machines that made bullets. Eventually, she was rescued by a Jewish policeman, and it was all over. Pincus Kolender was born in the city of Bochnia, Poland, in 1926. In 1942, Pincus and his brother were take from the ghetto, where they lived for about 2 years, to Auschwitz. When Pincus arrived, he was lined up before the gate to be sorted where he was sent to a camp instead of the crematorium. Inside the camp, his head was shaved, and he was tattooed with the number ‘‘161253.’’ Pincus described the life in the camp, of which he said: ‘‘The hunger was also terrible. We used to search for a potato peel and fight over it. We were constantly, 24 hours a day, always hungry.’’ Every few months, a selection occurred where those who looked feeble were sent to the crematorium. Eventually, Pincus was saved by General George Patton’s Fifth Army. Other survivors include: Rudy Herz, born in a very small town called Stommeln on the outskirts of Cologne, Germany, in 1925; Trude Heller, born in Vienna in 1922. She was 15 years old in March 1938 when Hitler took over Austria, and upon coming to America, she served as the First Lady with Mayor Max Heller of the beautiful city of Greenville, South Carolina. Francine Taylor was born in Poland in 1928. Her family moved to France when she was 2 years old. They were living in Paris on June 14, 1940, when the French capital fell. Leo Diamantstein, born in Heidelberg, Germany, in 1924. I am grateful for this opportunity to highlight these people and this important issue during these ‘‘Days of Remembrance,’’ and I am hopeful that we will make preserving this history and telling these stories a priority. We will never forget the lessons we have learned from the horrific tragedy in history. We must protect natural Godgiven rights and do all in our power to prevent these types of crimes against humanity. Helping the world to not forget is an extraordinary artist of West Columbia, South Carolina, Mary Burkett, who has produced drawings of the murdered children of the Holocaust. These loving portraits were placed, last week, on display at the Embassy of Israel in Washington by Ambassador Ron Dermer. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. ADJOURNMENT Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 8 o’clock and 56 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Tuesday, April 17, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. f 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
4550. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a six month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to the Central African Republic that was declared in Executive Order 13667 of May 12, 2014, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4551. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a six month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Syria that was declared in Executive Order 13338 of May 11, 2004, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4552. A letter from the Secretary, Department of the Treasury, transmitting a six month periodic report on the national emergency with respect to Yemen that was declared in Executive Order 13611 of May 16, 2012, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1641(c); Public Law 94412, Sec. 401(c); (90 Stat. 1257) and 50 U.S.C. 1703(c); Public Law 95223, Sec 204(c); (91 Stat. 1627); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4553. A communication from the President of the United States, transmitting A Statement on the April 13, 2018, Striking of Military Chemical WeaponsRelated Facilities in Syria, pursuant to 50 U.S.C. 1543(a); Public Law 93148, Sec. 4(a); (87 Stat. 555) (H. Doc. No. 115—113); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs and ordered to be printed. 4554. A letter from the Assistant Secretary, Legislative Affairs, Department of State, transmitting a report to Congress on the methods employed by the Government of Cuba to enforce the United StatesCuba September 1994 ‘‘Joint Communique’’, the treatment by the Government of Cuba of persons returned to Cuba in accordance with the United StatesCuba May 1995 ‘‘Joint Statement’’, and an update on the implementation of the United StatesCuba January 2017 ‘‘Joint Statement’’, together known as the Migration Accords, October 2017 to March 2018, pursuant to Public Law 105277, Sec. 2245; (112 Stat. 2681824); to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. 4555. A letter from the Executive Analyst (Political), Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting a notification of a designation of acting officer, and a nomination, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 3349(a); Public Law 105277, 151(b); (112 Stat. 2681614); to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. 4556. A letter from the Regulations Coordinator, Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s Major final rule — Medicare Program; Contract Year 2019 Policy and Technical 
Changes to the Medicare Advantage, Medicare Cost Plan, Medicare FeeforService, the Medicare Prescription Drug Benefit Programs, and the PACE Program [CMS4182F] (RIN: 0938AT08) received April 12, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce and Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 4403. A bill to amend the Tariff Act of 1930 to protect personally identifiable information, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–639). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BYRNE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 830. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5192) to authorize the Commissioner of Social Security to provide confirmation of fraud protection data to certain permitted entities, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–640). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. NEWHOUSE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 831. Resolution providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5444) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes, and providing for consideration of the bill (H.R. 5445) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to improve cybersecurity and taxpayer identity protection, and modernize the information technology of the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes (Rept. 115– 641). Referred to the House Calendar. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. WALZ (for himself, Mr. R OEof Tennessee, and Mr. CORREA ): H.R. 5520. A bill to authorize the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to use the authority of the Secretary to conduct and support research on the efficacy and safety of medicinal cannabis, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mrs. HARTZLER (for herself, Mr. CORREA , and Mr. B OST): H.R. 5521. A bill to amend title 38, United States Code, to provide for the nonapplicability of nonDepartment of Veterans Affairs covenants not to compete to the appointment of certain Veterans Health Administration personnel, to permit the Veterans Health Administration to make contingent appointments, and to require certain Veterans Health Administration physicians to complete residency training; to the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs. By Mr. BACON (for himself, Mr. AUSTIN  SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. P ANETTA , and Mr. CARBAJAL ): H.R. 5522. A bill to direct the Secretary of Defense to carry out certain activities to ensure the readiness of the Department of Defense with respect to joint electromagnetic spectrum operations; to the Committee on Armed Services. By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana (for himself, Mr. AMODEI , Mr. K NIGHT , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , and Mr. M AST): H.R. 5523. A bill to direct the Attorney General and the Secretary of Education to develop and implement best practices for occupationspecific education for school resource officers; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MARCHANT (for himself, Mr. ABRAHAM , and Mr. R OSS): H.R. 5524. A bill to amend title 39, United States Code, to require the United States Postal Service to establish rates for delivery of inbound international mail that do not discriminate between foreign and domestic mailers, to review foreign practices with respect to the exchange of ecommerce goods with the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and Foreign Affairs, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 5525. A bill to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to transfer certain National Forest System land in the State of Texas; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mrs. HANDEL: H. Res. 832. A resolution recognizing linemen, the profession of linemen, the contributions of these brave men and women who protect public safety, and expressing support for the designation of April 18, 2018, as National Lineman Appreciation Day; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. f 
MEMORIALS Under clause 3 of rule XII, memorials were presented and referred as follows: 
175. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Idaho, relative to Senate Joint Memorial No. 103, opposing any new federal national monument designations or further designations of wilderness in the State of Idaho without the approval of the United States Congress and the Idaho Legislature; to the Committee on Natural Resources. 176. Also, a memorial of the Legislature of the State of Idaho, relative to Senate Joint Memorial No. 104, requesting a permanent exemption from the USDOTFMCSA ELD mandate granted by whichever means appropriate for livestock and agriculture commodity transporters; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. 177. Also, a memorial of the General Assembly of the Commonwealth of Kentucky, relative to House Concurrent Resolution No. 35, urging the United States Congress to take action by enacting legislation that encourages largescale commercial cultivation of hemp by removing it from the list of controlled substances under the Federal Controlled Substances Act; jointly to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, the Judiciary, and Financial Services. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. WALZ: H.R. 5520. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 5 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the Constitution. By Mrs. HARTZLER: H.R. 5521. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18; and Article VI, Clause 2 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BACON: H.R. 5522. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 of the United States Constitution: ‘‘to make rules for the government and regulation of land and naval forces’’ By Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana: H.R. 5523. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S.C. Art I Sec 8 cl 18 By Mr. MARCHANT: H.R. 5524. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: U.S. Constitution Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 1, under the ‘‘Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises’’; Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 3, under the power ‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations’’; Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 7, under the power ‘‘To establish Post Offices and post Roads’’; and Art. I Sec. 8 cl. 18, under the power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. RATCLIFFE: H.R. 5525. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 4, Section 3, Clause 2, relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States. f ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 4: Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 365: Mr. BACON . H.R. 466: Mr. CUELLAR . H.R. 787: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 809: Mr. SOTOand Mr. D ESAULNIER . H.R. 846: Mrs. LAWRENCE . H.R. 858: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. H.R. 881: Mr. BLUM. H.R. 1038: Mr. SMITH of New Jersey and Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 1057: Mr. BURGESS . H.R. 1098: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 1192: Mr. RODNEY DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 1291: Mr. SUOZZI , Mrs. D AVIS of Cali fornia, and Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 1318: Mr. BACON and Ms. J UDYCHUof California. H.R. 1360: Mr. HUNTER . H.R. 1375: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 1377: Mr. BURGESS , Mr. R ASKIN , and Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 1542: Mr. HIMES, Mr. M OOLENAAR , Mr. LUETKEMEYER , and Mr. H ASTINGS . H.R. 1617: Ms. SHEAPORTER . H.R. 1626: Mr. SCHRADER . H.R. 1683: Mr. KIND. H.R. 1759: Ms. NORTON . H.R. 1772: Mr. GUTIE´RREZ . H.R. 1825: Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ . 
H.R. 1861: Mr. M ITCHELL . H.R. 1884: Mr. SHERMAN , Mr. K INGof New York, and Mr. RASKIN . H.R. 1972: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 2004: Mr. ROTHFUS . H.R. 2049: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 2069: Ms. JAYAPAL and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 2095: Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 2309: Mr. ESPAILLAT , Mrs. T ORRES , and Mr. KILMER . H.R. 2315: Mr. TONKO , Mr. S UOZZI , and Ms. WILSON of Florida. H.R. 2341: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 2366: Ms. DELAURO . H.R. 2556: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 2598: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 2652: Ms. JUDY CHUof California and Mr. HIMES. H.R. 2669: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 2832: Mr. WITTMAN . H.R. 2913: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 3045: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 3174: Mr. MACARTHUR . H.R. 3227: Mr. SUOZZI , Mr. M CNERNEY , and Mr. VISCLOSKY . H.R. 3533: Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 3545: Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 3566: Mr. BERGMAN . H.R. 3642: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia. H.R. 3666: Miss RICEof New York. H.R. 3755: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 3767: Miss RICEof New York, Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 3773: Mr. O’ROURKE . H.R. 3815: Mr. DEFAZIO. H.R. 3832: Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. H.R. 3883: Mr. COLLINS of New York. H.R. 3931: Mr. CLEAVER and Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 3940: Mr. KILMER and Mr. R ATCLIFFE . H.R. 3956: Mr. LUETKEMEYER . H.R. 4077: Mr. CRIST and Mr. C OSTELLO of Pennsylvania. H.R. 4099: Mr. HIMES, Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , and Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 4234: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 4265: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 4345: Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. B ROWN  of Maryland, Mr. THOMPSON of California, Mr. SMITH of Washington, and Mr. J ODY B. HICEof Georgia. H.R. 4444: Mr. CARTWRIGHT and Mr. BUTTERFIELD . H.R. 4509: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 4739: Ms. JACKSON LEEand Mr. J OHNSONof Georgia. H.R. 4827: Ms. MATSUI . H.R. 4841: Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. H.R. 5083: Ms. JUDYCHUof California. H.R. 5090: Mr. YARMUTH . H.R. 5102: Mr. BARR. H.R. 5105: Mr. LONG. H.R. 5107: Mr. GIANFORTE , Ms. J ENKINS of Kansas, and Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 5124: Mr. POCAN , Mr. L YNCH , Mr. FITZPATRICK , Ms. G ABBARD , Mr. L ARSON of Connecticut, Ms. STEFANIK , and Mr. T HOMP SONof Pennsylvania. H.R. 5129: Ms. NORTON , Mr. E MMER , Ms. JUDY CHUof California, Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. FITZPATRICK , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. R OSS, and Ms. KAPTUR . H.R. 5155: Mr. YARMUTH , Ms. D EGETTE , Mrs. CAROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, and Mr. POCAN . H.R. 5171: Mr. AMODEI and Ms. C HENEY . H.R. 5176: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5191: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER and Mr. SUOZZI . H.R. 5199: Mr. ROTHFUS and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 5222: Ms. MCCOLLUM . H.R. 5242: Mr. GRIFFITH and Mr. R ODNEY  DAVIS of Illinois. H.R. 5251: Ms. ROSEN . H.R. 5252: Mr. MITCHELL . H.R. 5272: Mr. FITZPATRICK and Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 5274: Ms. TITUS, Mr. T EDLIEUof Cali fornia, Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. S HERMAN , and Mr. POEof Texas. H.R. 5292: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 5321: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5358: Mr. LONGand Mr. M ITCHELL . H.R. 5383: Mr. CAPUANO and Ms. B ROWNLEY  of California. H.R. 5388: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 5407: Mr. ROSS. H.R. 5415: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.R. 5417: Mr. TIPTON . H.R. 5422: Mr. MESSER . H.R. 5439: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 5460: Ms. STEFANIK and Mr. C OHEN . H.R. 5467: Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas and Mr. VARGAS . H.R. 5473: Mr. KHANNA . H.R. 5480: Mr. MCCAULand Mrs. T ORRES . H.R. 5483: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 5503: Mr. LUCAS , Mr. P OSEY , Mrs. C OMSTOCK , Mr. A BRAHAM , Mr. B ANKS of Indiana, Mr. BIGGS, Mr. D UNN, Mr. W EBER of Texas, Mr. HULTGREN , and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 5505: Mr. FITZPATRICK . H.J. Res. 132: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H. Con. Res. 20: Mr. VARGAS . H. Con. Res. 111: Mr. AUSTIN SCOTT of Geor gia, Mr. MOULTON , Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. K ILMER . H. Res. 342: Mr. CICILLINE . H. Res. 401: Ms. ROSEN . H. Res. 434: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H. Res. 737: Mr. SUOZZI . H. Res. 763: Mr. ROSS. H. Res. 785: Mr. NORMAN . H. Res. 812: Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. H. Res. 817: Ms. HANABUSA and Ms. J UDY CHUof California. H. Res. 823: Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Mr. SCHIFF , Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Ms. MCCOLLUM , and Mr. G RIJALVA . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. HENSARLING  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Financial Services in H.R. 4 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S2131 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, MONDAY, APRIL 16, 2018 No. 61 
The Senate met at 3 p.m. and was called to order by 