Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to clause 1, rule I, I demand a vote on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I object to the vote on the ground that a quorum is not present and make the point of order that a quorum is not present. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8, rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. The point of no quorum is considered withdrawn. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. MARINO led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. RUSH. Mr. Speaker, I rise today out of anger and frustration at a deplorable situation in my hometown of Chicago, Illinois. I was shocked to read in yesterday’s Chicago Tribune about the callous disregard demonstrated for our poor and vulnerable citizens by Alden Management Services, who operate Wentworth Rehabilitation & Health Care Center in my district, and I am here today to call on Alden to shut it down. This socalled skilled nursing facility allowed a patient to remain on fire while an employee enjoyed a beverage. To add insult to injury, many residents have to endure bug bites, bruises, and other forms of neglect. This is the epitome of negligence and should not happen. This is America. It is not a coincidence, Mr. Speaker, that most of these residents are poor seniors and African Americans. Where were CMS and the other regulatory and oversight authorities? Mr. Speaker, this is reprehensible. Once again, I call for this hellhole to be shut down immediately. 
WEAR RED ON FRIDAYS (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the unyielding dedication that my constituents have for our military. In particular, I would like to highlight the efforts of several folks back home who are responsible for a number of billboards dotting the highways of Beaver County that encourage people to wear red on Fridays to support our troops who are deployed overseas. For more than a decade, Americans across the Nation have worn red on Fridays to show support for troops fighting in foreign lands. In this effort, red is not just a color, but a message. RED is an acronym for Remember Everyone Deployed. It is a message to remember our servicemembers who are away from their families, risking their lives on the front lines to defend our freedoms and values. Remembering them is especially important since we often do not see news of those deployed. Wearing red on Fridays is another way to show our troops that we are thinking of them, that we support them, and that we appreciate their sacrifices. I thank the volunteers of Beaver County for promoting and reminding us of this wear red effort. ISSUES OF THE DAY (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, there is one person in the United States that can stop the meanspirited separation of children at the border of my State. The vileness of separating babies as young as 6 months, babies who are breastfeeding, is at the feet, the hands, mind, and heart of President Trump. This is not a Democratic policy. We have never utilized this kind of deterrence, and we have never stopped an asylum possibility because of domestic violence or gang violence, as this administration is doing. Secondarily, the IG report, which I commend to the American people to read, has nothing to do with the Mueller investigation and Mr. Mueller, with his integrity intact, must continue that investigation and do it well and answer the questions of the Russian collusion in the election of 2016. On another note, Happy Father’s Day. In the memory of my late father, Ezra C. Jackson, we miss you. But all of the fathers who have fallen, and those who live, we wish you a wonderful day. As well, Happy Juneteenth to those who celebrate Juneteenth, who recognize that it was 2 years after the Emancipation Proclamation that African Americans in the South and, particularly, Texas knew that they were free. Freedom is precious. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
GO BENSALEM HIGH SCHOOL BASEBALL TEAM (Mr. FITZPATRICK asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, last night, we had our annual Congressional Baseball Game and some healthy competition with our colleagues. But today is the big showdown, when the Bensalem High School baseball team will play for the State championship versus CanonMcMillan at Penn State’s Medlar Field at Lubrano Park. Led by Coach Harry Daut, Bensalem beat La Salle in a comefrombehind victory in the semifinals, initially down three runs with only two at bats remaining. This comefrombehind victory was propelled by Nick Fossile’s sacrifice fly to left field, sending home Dave Barnett from third base. That left it up to pitcher Nick Dean, who closed out the game and finished what starter Stephen Aldrich began. I wish these players, the entire team, the entire coaching staff, and the entire Bensalem community the best of luck today, and I know they will make all of us proud. Go Bensalem. OPPOSING PRESIDENT TRUMP’S ACA SABOTAGE (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, President Trump’s cruel attempt to sabotage affordable healthcare access for more than 130 million Americans is inhumane and, mark my words, deadly. If Trump has his way, anyone who has survived or lives with cancer, asthma, diabetes, mental health issues, or virtually any other medical conditions that you can think of, and many that you can’t, will risk losing their health coverage. That is because the President is bent on dismantling the Affordable Care Act, which protects Americans with preexisting conditions. Before the ACA, insurance companies refused coverage or charged people more with these commonplace maladies. They even charged women more just for being women. I am a woman, and I also beat breast cancer. And it sickens me to think of the anxiety and pain this President is causing my sister survivors right now with this threat. It is absurd, it is discriminatory, and it is, frankly, monstrous. Every time it appears that the reckless disregard for people’s lives shown by this administration and their Republican enablers in Congress couldn’t possibly get any worse, they find a new low. Mr. Speaker, there are too many real problems facing Americans today. This President and his party need to stop creating deadly new ones. f 
STOP THE IMPORTATION AND TRAFFICKING OF SYNTHETIC ANALOGUES ACT OF 2017 
Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 2851. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. FITZPATRICK ). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 934 and rule XVIII, the Chair declares the House in the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill, H.R. 2851. The Chair appoints the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. BOST) to preside over the Committee of the Whole. b0912 
Accordingly, the House resolved itself into the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union for the consideration of the bill (H.R. 2851) to 
amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes, with Mr. BOSTin the chair. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The CHAIR. Pursuant to the rule, the bill is considered read the first time. The gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, all Members of the Chamber are acutely aware of the devastation caused by the opioid epidemic. The epidemic is destroying lives and families across the United States. It affects every area of our country, and grandparents, parents, and children alike. Especially during the course of this week, we have been reminded that over 64,000 Americans died from drug overdoses in 2016. More than 20 percent of these deaths resulted from an overdose of synthetic opioids like fentanyl, which can be as much as 100 times more powerful than painkillers like morphine. Additionally, synthetic analogues with street names like K2, spice, bath salts, or molly, are designed to mimic other drugs like marijuana, LSD, and ecstasy, and can be more potent and deadly than the real thing. Criminal drug manufacturers, largely from China and Mexico, work continuously to stay ahead of our laws by altering the molecular structure of their drugs as soon as the government bans them. The Controlled Substance Act, which was signed into law more than 40 years ago, was designed to protect the public from the dangers associated with drugs and drug use. However, this law was not designed to handle the magnitude and speed with which these new psychoactive substances have emerged in our communities. It currently takes 3 years to schedule a new drug, but criminals can skirt the law by quickly changing a drug molecule and get it to the U.S. streets, often through the mail. b0915 The bill we are considering today, the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act, or SITSA, updates Federal law to provide swifter action to stop the unlawful importation and distribution of synthetic drugs and gives law enforcement effective tools to help keep our communities safe. While Congress has taken action to combat the opioid epidemic through the historic Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, it is clear that we need more tools to combat the ever growing problem of synthetic drug abuse. Instead of taking 3 years to bring a drug under control, SITSA gives the Attorney General the power to act quickly and to classify a new dangerous drug in a matter of months when it is virtually identical to a current scheduled and powerful drug. The bill also requires the Attorney General to work with the Department of Health and Human Services so that these synthetic drugs can still be studied by qualified researchers. Supporters of H.R. 2851 include the National Association of Police Organizations, the Fraternal Order of Police, the National District Attorneys Association, and the American College of Emergency Physicians. I fully support this legislation. I encourage my colleagues to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. MARINO , and I want to make it very clear that we have spent a lot of time in the Judiciary Committee, in this Congress, in the Energy and Commerce Committee, on almost every other bill in stemming the tide, the rage, the horror of opioid addiction. Mr. Chairman, I have lived through crack cocaine addiction and heroin addiction, and now heroin has returned, itself. I have watched my constituents in these lowdrug offenses wind up not getting treatment and wind up getting the devastation of mass incarceration. Frankly, if this bill had listed the synthetic analogues on schedule A and provided the science to determine what they were, this would be a bill that the whole House could support, but that is not the case. And so I raise concerns that I hope this House will listen to and recognize that opportunities to fix this legislation as we move to the Senate would make this the kind of response that has been consistent with the view that the incarceration of an opioidaddicted person and/or those who are limited sellers does not bring us to where we need to be. Mr. Chair, I rise to discuss the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017, which establishes a mechanism by which synthetic drugs can be temporarily and permanently controlled to curtail illicit manufacturing, importation, and distribution. H.R. 2851 would also establish new Federal crimes related to the misuse of controlled substances identified in the bill. I am acutely concerned about the dangers presented by drugs like fentanyl and its synthetic analogues that have contributed to a disturbing number of overdose deaths, even in my home district of Houston. This bill, while wellintended, is flawed for several reasons. First, it eliminates the use of scientific evidence by which synthetic analogues are currently analyzed. Under current law, the Attorney General must work in collaboration with drugs experts at the Department of Health and Human Services as part of the permanent scheduling process. Absent collaboration of the scientific community, the AG, under this bill, will have sole discretion to unilaterally determine which drugs are a schedule A substance. This is alarming because arbitrary scheduling of substances without verifiable data will undoubtedly create disproportionate incarcerations of low level drug offenders. Second, this bill overcriminalizes drug offenders, many of whom are in dire need of support in their battles with addiction, substance abuse, and mental illness. We recognize this is an alarming epidemic and the need for medical treatment is very important. Third, although we know that synthetic analogues are often manufactured and mixed with heroin outside the country—namely, China—and where users and sellers here may lack knowledge, this bill heightens the penalties, nonetheless. In June 2016, the head of the DEA, Chuck Rosenberg, testified before the Senate Judiciary Committee that: ‘‘Illicit fentanyl, fentanyl derivatives and their immediate precursors are often produced in China.’’ By the time the drugs enter the United States, where they are sold, he said, buyers and sellers are often unaware of the composition and potency of the drugs. Fourth, this bill amends the Federal sentencing guidelines without the input of the United States Sentencing Commission, which recently underwent a robust examination of synthetic drugs and penalties. The bill disregards the jurisdictional authority granted by Congress to the Commission back in 1984. The Commission is a nonpartisan, independent body which sets sentencing guidelines for Federal judges. Since the introduction of this bill, the Commission approved a multipart synthetic drugs amendment in April 2018, which included extensive public comment, expert testimony, and a multiyear data analysis. The Commission’s recent amendment reflects the evolving nature of these synthetic drugs, creates a classbased approach, establishes a new drug ratio and a new guideline penalty for fentanyl analogues that will promote uniformity in Federal sentencing. We should, therefore, allow this more thorough and datadriven process to come to completion, absent interruption by the Attorney General, as provided in the bill. And lastly, this bill imposes mandatory minimum terms of supervised release of not less than 3 years in addition to imprisonment, and not less than 6 years if there was a prior conviction. Furthermore, the bill also appears to impose mandatory minimum sentencing. Current law requires that, if a controlled substance analogue is intended for human consumption, it shall be treated as a schedule I substance, 21 
Services and the Federal Drug Administration. This is the Attorney General whose judgment has led him to rip children from their parents at the border. The bill also codifies drug equivalency laws which are used at sentencing absent any input from the United States Sentencing Commission, which is already conducting an in depth study of analogue drugs. In addition to research and expertise, the Sentencing Commission also possesses the flexibility to adjust sentencing guidelines as necessary if its knowledge of analogue substances changes. Second, the bill will add to the problem of mass incarceration. By enacting higher sentences without a mens rea requirement, people could serve longer sentences even if they did not know that a drug contained an analogue substance. Third, we simply do not need the bill. The Department of Justice already prosecutes cases involving drug analogues under existing law. The then Acting Administrator of the DEA said as much in her testimony before the Judiciary Committee on December 12 of last year when she described the current legal process as workable but resource intensive. Mr. Chairman, let’s not enact yet another law that sends more people to prison while ignoring the root cause of the current crisis; that is, substance abuse, which is a public health problem and should be treated as such. Other opioid bills we have been considering take this public health—not criminal justice—approach. That is the approach we should take, and we should pursue that strategy by rejecting this bill. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ), who chairs the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, I appreciate all those who have put so much work into this, especially Mr. KATKO of New York who has been relentless in his battle to stop illegal fentanyls from coming in and killing. I rise today in support of H.R. 2851, the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues, also known as the SITSA Act of 2017. Now, this legislation will give law enforcement officials additional tools to get and keep synthetic drugs such as fentanyl off our streets in America. On February 28, during our first of four legislative hearings on the opioid crisis, we focused on finding ways to protect our communities and the people who live in them and equip law enforcement with the necessary tools to fight this deadly opioid epidemic that kills more people than traffic accidents in America. During that hearing, the chief of police from Syracuse, New York, Frank Fowler, talked about how synthetic drugs tore apart his community. His call for this legislation rings as true now as it did then. After that hearing, we held a roundtable to hear from families who had been directly impacted by this deadly crisis. Seated across that table from me was Michael Gray. He bravely shared his family’s story, hoping that their loss would help spur Congress to modernize Federal laws. He gave me a picture of his daughter, Amanda, and he gave me a new one yesterday when I met with him and Amanda’s brother. This is Amanda Gray. She suffered from some mental illness and self medicated with something you and I would know as heroin. She wasn’t a regular user. She was an intermittent user. The person who sold her heroin knew that. Just this past January, Amanda bought some heroin. What she didn’t know was that it was not heroin. It has now been determined not only was it—normally they cut fentanyl into heroin. This had no heroin. It was all fentanyl. Let me explain why that is so deadly. It is so potent that if you took a saltshaker and sprinkled three or four or five or half a dozen grains of salt on this podium and touched them, you would likely have that fentanyl go through your skin, and you would fall on the floor here in this Chamber. Unless one of our folks here in the Chamber or one of the medics nearby had Narcan, naloxone, to resuscitate you, you would die. Tragically, that is what happened to Amanda. She took what she thought was heroin, and she died from 100 percent fentanyl. That same night, her father recalls news reports saying additional people in their city died. It is a fatal but common trend with illicit fentanyl. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield the gentleman from Oregon an additional 1 minute. Mr. WALDEN. This illegal fentanyl that comes into our country from foreign countries, generally through our mail facilities, has been one of the deadliest waves of the opioid crisis to hit our Nation. Representative KATKO ’s bill will modernize the Controlled Substances Act to create a new schedule of drugs that specifically concentrates on the rapidly changing synthetic analogues of opioids such as fentanyl. In doing this, we must make sure to keep particular attention on not compromising important public health protections. A thoughtful amendment was offered by our committee member in the Energy and Commerce Committee, MORGAN GRIFFITH of Virginia, which ensures that research and innovation will not be impeded by SITSA. Among other issues, if an applicant is registered to conduct research with a schedule I or II substance, they can continue to do that research that they may be pursuing with a schedule A substance while their application is being processed. The bill we will vote on today is the result of bipartisan feedback from two House committees as well as the collaboration of multiple agencies within the Trump administration. The CHAIR. The time of the gentleman has again expired. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN ). Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Chairman, this is a thoroughly thoughtout bill. I encourage my colleagues to support it to help stop the spread of deadly synthetic opioid analogues. Let us remember why we are here. It is children like Amanda and the parents who survive them, the parents who got the worst call any parent could ever get, and that is notifying them of the death of their child. We are going to stop this from happening in America with the package of bills we have going through the House and the Senate. Mr. KATKO ’s work on this is extraordinary as is the other members of the committee. Mr. Chairman, I call for Members to support this legislation. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. SCHNEIDER ). Congressman BRADLEY SCOTT SCHNEIDER is a member of the House Judiciary Committee. Mr. SCHNEIDER. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding the time. Mr. Chairman, synthetic opioids are a dangerous new frontline in our efforts to end the opioid epidemic ravaging our communities. A recent analysis found that synthetic opioids, particularly illicit fentanyl, caused more overdose deaths in the United States in 2016 than prescription opioids. Synthetics are many times more potent and fatal than heroin, sometimes requiring two, four, six, or even more doses of antidotes like Naloxone to revive an overdose victim. The Federal Controlled Substances Act was signed into law more than 40 years ago, and it is not equipped to handle this dangerous new development. Put simply, illegal manufacturers, especially those operating overseas, are creating deadly new synthetic opioid analogues faster than our laws or research can keep up. That is why I rise today in support of the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017 to equip our law enforcement officials with the tools they need to keep our communities safe. This bill creates a schedule A in addition to the five existing schedules in the Controlled Substances Act. This is a mechanism to temporarily schedule and set regulations around new synthetic drugs while our scientific and research communities develop a better understanding of the associated risks. This bill also adds 13 existing synthetic fentanyls to this new schedule. Importantly, this crackdown is targeted at the manufacturers, importers, and distributors of these deadly substances, not the individual users. Simple possession is expressly omitted from the scope of this bill. Individuals suffering from addiction need medical help, not prison time. To start to turn 
the tide on the opioid epidemic, we must address synthetic opioids. Mr. Chairman, I urge my colleagues to join me and my fellow members of the bipartisan Problem Solvers Caucus in support of this needed legislation. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield 5 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ), who is the ranking member of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Chairman, I want to thank my colleague from Texas for yielding. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2851, legislation that would give Attorney General Jeff Sessions through the Drug Enforcement Administration sweeping new authority to combat the synthetic drug crisis facing our country. In 2016, nearly 64,000 Americans died because of a drug overdose, and the overdose rate from the synthetic opioids, such as fentanyl and fentanyl analogues, nearly doubled. We know that illicit fentanyl and fentanyl analogues are extremely deadly and increasingly are being shipped into our country through China. I know all Members would agree that synthetic drugs are a very real threat that we have to combat. However, it is unclear to me that the appropriate response to this crisis is the creation of a new schedule—schedule A—that would impose new burdens on researchers and manufacturers. It would also dramatically limit the scientific and medical role HHS and the FDA play in our scheduling process today. In fact, the DEA already has the authority today to temporarily add these synthetic substances to the Controlled Substances Act if they determine that they pose an imminent hazard to public safety. The agency has used this authority over 80 times, including most recently to put all fentanylrelated substances into schedule I. DEA also has authority under the Analogue Act to treat synthetics that are substantially similar to a controlled substance the same way they treat the controlled substance, and this is authority the DEA has and continues to use to combat this crisis. Instead of proposing to improve the DEA’s existing statutory authority, this bill creates a new schedule for synthetic substances, and it gives almost sole discretion as to when a substance can be temporarily scheduled in the new schedule A and expands temporary scheduling for up to 5 years. b0945 Another reason I oppose this bill is because it also eliminates the critical scientific and medical analysis by HHS and FDA. It only requires the DEA to consider recommendations from HHS, eliminating the binding nature of such analysis under the permanent scheduling process today. A letter in opposition from a coalition including the ACLU, Drug Policy Alliance, Human Rights Watch, and the NAACP, among others, has also raised concerns about SITSA circumventing the role of HHS in the scheduling process. The letter notes: ‘‘SITSA would enable the Attorney General, an unelected individual, to single handedly determine which substances are acceptable for private citizens to consume.’’ As a public health agency, HHS, acting through FDA, is best positioned to be making decisions regarding scheduling drugs or substances based on their scientific and medical analysis. We should not hand this authority over to a law enforcement agency, and that is yet another reason why I oppose this bill. I also continue to be concerned about the potential for H.R. 2851 to undermine or stifle research and development of synthetic substances. We know that many synthetic drugs have the same chemical properties as drugs with known therapeutic uses. By subjecting schedule A substances to the same requirements as schedule I, we may be unintentionally creating hurdles for the research community to evaluate whether these substances may be possible alternatives for treatment of pain and addiction. These are all discussions I wish I could have raised during consideration of the legislation in the Energy and Commerce Committee. Despite receiving primary referral, the chairman chose to cede to the Judiciary Committee, denying our members the opportunity to have a full debate on this legislation. For all these reasons, I join my colleague, Congressman NADLER , the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee, in opposing this flawed legislation, and I urge all of my colleagues to do the same. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, how much time is remaining on my side? The CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 16 minutes remaining. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ). Mr. KATKO. Mr. Chairman, I would like to briefly respond to some of the comments that were made by my colleagues on the other side of the aisle. First of all, when my colleague refers to sweeping new authority—I believe that was a quote—that the Attorney General has under this law, it must be made clear that it gives the Attorney General authority to list these substances temporarily on a controlled substance analogue list under schedule A. It also gives Congress 180 days to overrule the Attorney General at any time. That is a very potent and powerful check. This does not shift significant power to the Attorney General. I think that is important to note. My colleagues also noted several times that it would limit the research ability of individuals under this statute to research synthetic drugs. The Griffith amendment addresses this issue in a powerful and potent manner. It ensures and protects that individuals doing research can continue to do the research and will not be sanctioned or in trouble for doing that research. We have worked closely with the industry to get their input. More importantly, we worked very, very closely with Health and Human Services and the Drug Enforcement Administration to provide substantial input. Based on that input, we have made the adjustments that are now memorialized in the Griffith amendment. While we are talking here, let’s keep something in perspective. Every hour in this country, at least five people die from heroin and opioidrelated overdoses. That is five an hour. By the time we are done, five more people will have died. Of those individuals dying, the vast majority are dying because of the synthetic drug components that are being found in all the heroin overdoses, such as synthetic fentanyl. Synthetic fentanyl and other synthetic drugs are generally made outside this country. The bad guys know that when we find a chemical compound and get it listed on the drug analogue statute, they simply tweak the compound, and then it takes another 3 or 4 years for that drug to get back on the statute and to again make the compound illegal. It is a catandmouse game that they are winning and we are losing, because we are losing our children. In closing, I would look to just note this and ask people to consider this. Let’s put a face on this stuff. John Socci had a daughter. She was murdered in front of her 18monthold child by her boyfriend, who was addicted to opioids. Two years later, they lost their son to a heroin overdose. Breanna Axe, as I mentioned earlier, died 5 months pregnant when a drug dealer repeatedly pushed her to try heroin, even though she hadn’t been using for 7 or 8 months. One dose and she was gone. That dose had synthetic drugs in it as well. There are so many other stories out there. Law enforcement is in trouble because of these synthetic drugs. They are afraid to even touch them because simple contact is going to kill them. While we are complaining about jurisdiction and who was able to review this bill or whether researchers are properly protected, which I submit they are, people are dying in this country at a rapid rate. We must do something. Victor Woolsen, who I talked about earlier who bought a synthetic drug over the counter, had a seizure, and died, that synthetic drug was on the streets for 4 years after he died. It took us 4 years to get that drug off the shelves and off the streets of our country. I don’t think it is a tall stretch to ask the Attorney General to have authority, when I believe this is not just an epidemic, it is a pandemic in this 
country, to get these drugs off the streets quickly, 30 days. If the Attorney General messes up, we will be right back here to fix it within 180 days. That is the backstop. We also have backstops for the researchers as well. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ), the chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Chairman, Kristen Holman adored her little brother, Garrett. She cherished his warm heart and his bigger than life personality. She loved her brother unconditionally, as did her mother and father, Bobbie and Don. Unfortunately, on February 9, 2017, at the age of 20, Garrett lost his life to a synthetic opioid that was mailed straight to him from China. My district lost a promising young man, Don and Bobby lost their son, and Kristen lost her little brother and only sibling. Sadly, tens of thousands of families across the Nation have lost their loved ones to the opioid crisis. According to the Centers for Disease Control, drug overdoses killed over 64,000 Americans in 2016, a staggering increase of over 21 percent from 2015. Of those souls lost, over 20,000 deaths were caused by synthetic opioids, the same type of drug that took Garrett’s life. Regrettably, the suffering shows no signs of slowing, as deaths from synthetic opioids have more than doubled from last year. Synthetic drugs can be more potent and deadly than the real thing. However, when law enforcement encounters a certain synthetic drug compound and takes steps under current Federal law to bring the drug under lawful control, the manufacturers of these synthetics slightly alter the chemical structure of the drug to once again evade law enforcement. As a result, law enforcement is constantly one step behind the manufacturers. Left undeterred, manufacturers and distributors continue to flood the U.S. with deadly synthetic drugs. Seizures of illicit fentanyl by Customs and Border Protection increased 64,000 percent between 2013 and 2017. We must stop this flood of poison that is fueling an epidemic that has taken far too many lives. The Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act, or SITSA, ensures that manufacturers and distributors of deadly synthetic drugs cannot continue to evade law enforcement. SITSA modernizes the Controlled Substances Act by clarifying the regulation of synthetic analogues. First, SITSA modernizes the Controlled Substances Act to establish schedule A, a new category for controlled substance analogues. Second, the act establishes a streamlined mechanism by which synthetic analogues can be temporarily and/or permanently added to schedule A, but only after a thorough analysis by the Attorney General and the Secretary of Health and Human Services. Altogether, SITSA will combat the flow of synthetic drugs that have taken both Garrett’s life and lives of 20,000 Americans over the last year. This bill was carefully crafted over the past 2 years with extensive coordination between law enforcement agencies from the Department of Justice and scientists and researchers at the Department of Health and Human Services. Together, this bill strikes a balance between giving law enforcement the ability to stop the flow of deadly synthetic drugs while allowing the research community to study these dangerous drugs, identify the root causes of addiction, and advance the latest cures for serious illnesses. Mr. Chairman, we cannot stand idle as criminal manufacturers and distributors of synthetic drugs continue to flood our country and destroy the lives of countless Americans. Not one more family should feel the pain that the Holmans feel after a synthetic drug shipped from China took Garrett’s life. SITSA is a bipartisan bill, and I commend Mr. KATKO and Miss R ICE, both of New York, for their efforts in moving this legislation forward. I urge my colleagues to support SITSA and bring an end to the era where manufacturers and distributors can freely profit from selling these dangerous drugs and destroy so many lives. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, does the gentleman have further speakers? Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. We all want to do good, and all of us have had our tragedies as it relates to the use of drugs by the innocent. As I listened to my colleagues, they are right: The heinous persons are those who are the major exporters and the hardened drug dealers. We want to save lives. I think we found over the last couple of months and past years that enhancing the research and providing treatment for those very individuals who have succumbed will provide us with that pathway. In the instance of the underlying bill, I would hope that we would have the opportunity to get the bad guys. But in the instance of the way it is constructed, SITSA will worsen the mass incarceration of drug offenders; it will expand the use of harsh maximum sentences for drug offenses; and the bill creates new penalties for thousands of synthetic drugs, calling for maximum sentences of 10, 20, 30 years, or life imprisonment. The carveout for possession does not define quantities that would constitute possession and will not prevent many people who possess small quantities or sell drugs to support their own addiction from getting slammed by draconian new penalties in SITSA. So we have addicted persons who sell on the streets of our neighborhoods. They need treatment. That is what we should be focusing on. SITSA will punish people who lack criminal culpability. This bill will disproportionately increase lowlevel drug offenders who did not import or package the drug and often are unaware of the chemical composition of the drugs, as the DEA Administrator indicated in his testimony before the Senate that most of the sellers would not know that there had been traces of other drugs in that particular drug they were selling. b1000 SITSA is unnecessary because the Attorney General can already ban synthetic drugs. This was demonstrated earlier this year when the Attorney General used powers already granted by the Congress to place illicit fentanyl analogues not already regulated by the Controlled Substances Act into schedule I for 3 years, allowing time to pursue permanent scheduling. Through rulemaking, at a congressional hearing last month, Acting Administrator Patterson indicated: This mass scheduling action addressed concern that prosecutors can’t convict people for trafficking synthetic drugs. Finally, SITSA has devastating impacts on scientific research. Many synthetic drugs share chemical properties with drugs that have been known to have therapeutic uses, such as opioids. Under SITSA, once a drug has been added to schedule A, many of the same hurdles that apply to conducting research with schedule I drugs will apply to substances added to proposed schedule A. These burdens will be costly and time consuming. Some of them are research dealing with how do you stop this addiction, how do you stop people’s proclivity for addiction. So this burden is costly and time consuming to the research and host institutions and will have a chilling effect on promising research towards the development of opioid addiction therapies and safer medications to treat pain that are desperately needed to help end the ongoing opioid overdose crisis. While SITSA provides some relief for researchers who already have a schedule I or II, there are many difficulties that we are facing. Mr. Chair, how much time is remaining on both sides. The Acting CHAIR (Mr. FRANCIS ROONEYof Florida). The gentlewoman from Texas has 8 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 8 minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, while SITSA provides some relief for researchers who already have a schedule I or II registration to proceed with schedule A research, SITSA does not provide accommodations necessary to ensure researchers can obtain drug 
samples for research. Commercial manufacturers are not likely to produce schedule A drugs. Provisions in SITSA intended to ease registration requirements will help little when researchers access the drug material they need to study the therapeutic potential. Here is the main point. The main point is that researchers are researching how to cease the addiction that is killing so many. Lowlevel sellers are caught up under this bill; and, as indicated by the DEA, they, too, are victims. It is well known that the idea of mass incarceration does not solve the problem of addiction or cause the ending of the tragic loss of life. I hurt for those suffering from addiction, and it is important to be able to utilize our government knowledge to help that end, and the Sentencing Commission has done that. The difficulty we have is whether or not this bill, even though from Judiciary, really bears down on saving lives. What we want to do is raise the treatment, deal with those already structured to handle the listing of analogues, and work with communities to ensure that the laws we have are enforced and that we don’t create a whole new population of those who will be victims of mass incarceration and, at the same time, do nothing to treat those who desperately need our help, our support, and our resources to move them away from addiction, to save their lives, and to allow them to live fruitful and productive lives. That is what I hope that we will be able to do as we move forward on the right approach to dealing with drug addiction and the new surge of synthetic drugs. Mr. Chair, may I inquire if the gentleman from Pennsylvania has any further speakers. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I have no further speakers, and I am prepared to close. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ), the distinguished ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to H.R. 2851, the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act. This bill is well intentioned but fatally flawed. I agree with the goal of preventing dangerous synthetic drugs from evading regulation, but this bill circumvents existing procedures for placing synthetic analogues on the existing schedule of the Controlled Substances Act, which reasonably incorporate medical and scientific analysis in favor of a law enforcementfocused approach that would worsen the mass incarceration crisis and could undermine scientific research. There are already statutory mechanisms in place to provide for the scheduling and regulation of new drugs that may be dangerous if misused. Those mechanisms require an appropriate degree of collaboration at the outset among the Justice Department, the Drug Enforcement Agency, the Department of Health and Human Services, and the Food and Drug Administration in scheduling synthetic analogues. This is because each of these agencies is equally important to the scheduling process. By marginalizing the roles of HHS and the FDA in this bill, we would establish a mechanism that does not adequately consider scientific and medical evidence about the substance in question. Such input is critical to a process that may result in the imposition of significant criminal penalties related to these analogue drugs. Under this bill, not only would the Attorney General hold the sole authority by himself to schedule these substances, but he or she would also have the power to set sentence levels for newly scheduled analogue drugs by establishing equivalencies between each newly scheduled analogue and drugs that are already controlled. As a result, this legislation would expand penalties for drug offenses, concentrate an overwhelming amount of unchecked power within the Justice Department, overcriminalize certain conduct, and punish individuals without adequate proof of intent. While the bill was slightly improved during our committee markup by eliminating the new mandatory minimum sentences included in the bill as introduced, the bill, nevertheless, would impose potentially lengthy maximum sentences for offenses involving these analogues. I am mostly concerned that substances designated as analogues under the procedures instituted by this bill could trigger the imposition of mandatory minimum sentences under other provisions of the Controlled Substances Act. Although we have been told by the majority that this is not the intent of the bill, this ambiguity is another reason to oppose the legislation. At the very least, the bill would explicitly impose mandatory minimum terms of supervised release, which, as the Judicial Conference of the United States observes, undermines the discretion of judges who are in the best position to make such determinations based on the facts and circumstances of each case. We can do more to address concerns about emerging and potentially dangerous analogue drugs, but ditching scientific evidence and imposing new mandatory minimums is not the answer. Mr. Chair, I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, we hope that we will be able to work together to save lives and to fix the issues that we are addressing here today. Mr. Chair, we all want to solve the escalating problems of synthetic drugs, which permeate throughout our districts. Therefore, our initial reaction would be to naturally support this endeavor. However, while wellintended, this bill highlights many problems and does not fulfill the overall goal of stemming the tide of drugs on our streets. We must exercise prudence, as to not further exacerbate the crisis of mass incarceration and punish those that need help with substance abuse and whom this bill purports to help. Because this bill would concentrate an overwhelming amount of unchecked power within DOJ, eliminate scientific and medical analysis and interagency collaboration from the process of scheduling synthetic analogues, and expand penalties for drug offenses, I have serious concerns about H.R. 2851. The bill is strongly opposed by a broad spectrum of stakeholders, including Freedom Works, Drug Policy Alliance, Families Against Mandatory Minimum, ACLU, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, National Council of Churches, Human Rights Watch, The Sentencing Project and many others. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, may I inquire how much time I have remaining. The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Pennsylvania has 8 minutes remaining. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Chairman, I am puzzled by those who oppose this legislation. Among the obligations we owe our constituents, one is to keep deadly substances like synthetic opioids out of our country and out of the hands of drug traffickers. Drug traffickers have no regard for the devastation they inflict on our citizens, as their sole motive is greed and profit. Sadly, their greed resulted in over 64,000 drug overdose deaths in 2016, destroying countless families. If a terrorist organization killed 175 Americans each and every day, we would all be certain that our response would be swift, laserfocused, and decisive. There is no question and no greater responsibility Congress has than to protect the health and safety of all Americans. Voting against this crucial legislation is a clear signal to all drug traffickers that Congress is giving them a green light to continue spreading their carnage. While we may differ as to the priorities to solve the opioid epidemic, make no mistake: a responsible and truly effective solution must include treatment, prevention, and enforcement. Over the course of this week, this Chamber has approved legislation in all three of those areas. This bill before us now gives law enforcement and the protecters of our borders the tools to keep these deadly poisons out of our communities. It also assures that these potent chemicals can remain in the hands of qualified researchers. Altogether, this bill strikes the perfect balance to respond to this ongoing epidemic. Mr. Chair, I want to state that I take a backseat to no one when it comes to 
treatment. There is no question that drug addiction is addiction. It is not only a biological addiction; it is a mental addiction as well. As a prosecutor for 18 years, an assistant district attorney, district attorney, and a U.S. attorney, I have seen my share of the devastation of drugs, put a lot of dealers away, helped a lot of people get into treatment; and, unfortunately, I have seen my share of people, particularly young people, on slabs in morgues. Anyone dealing today with opioids— regardless if they read the newspaper, regardless if they watch TV, regardless if they are aware of this legislation— knows, because of publicity, because of the deaths that are caused by opioids and fentanyl, of the probability of fentanyl or something like it being in the drug that they are selling. So I do not accept the argument that they don’t know that it is there. Everyone knows that it is there. Mandatory sentencing, I used when I was a prosecutor in my community, and it worked. It put the worst of the worst away. We also, as prosecutors, had discretion. My constituents demand that we aggressively—aggressively—act now on this problem. Not only am I hearing that from the great Commonwealth of Pennsylvania but across the country. I want to explain one thing on the chemical makeup. I had enough chemistry in college to make me dangerous. Picture, if you will, a chain of molecules and picture a single molecule. The scientists in China have devised a way to take an atom from that molecule or add to it to slightly change the composition, which technically removes it from being an illegal drug or an illegal opioid. This is why this legislation is needed. The Chinese are there every day trying to figure out a way—and they are figuring out ways—to alter, how to get around the law. We have to be a step ahead of them. This legislation is what is needed. It is good, bipartisan legislation. Mr. Chair, I want to thank Mr. KATKO and Miss R ICE, both of New York, for this very important legislation. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 2851. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. All time for general debate has expired. Pursuant to the rule, the bill shall be considered for amendment under the 5 minute rule. In lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the 5minute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–74. That amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be considered as read. The text of the amendment in the nature of a substitute is as follows: H.R. 2851 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017’’ or the ‘‘SITSA Act’’. 
The Acting CHAIR. No amendment to that amendment in the nature of a substitute shall be in order except those printed in part A of House Report 115–751. Each such amendment may be offered only in the order printed in the report, by a Member designated in the report, shall be considered read, shall be debatable for the time specified in the report, equally divided and controlled by the proponent and an opponent, shall not be subject to amendment, and shall not be subject to a demand for division of the question. b1015 
AMENDMENT NO . 1 OFFERED BY MR . GRIFFITH  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 1 printed in part B of House Report 115–751. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Maryland is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Mr. GRIFFITH for his succinct and excellent summary of the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I rise in support of the GriffithRaskinJackson Lee amendment. I want to thank Chairman GOODLATTE for his excellent work on this with his professional staff. It is an important consensus amendment, and I also want to specifically mention the hard work of DEA detailee Tony Angeli. I also want to salute our partners at the National Institute on Drug Addiction and the National Institutes of Health, which is headquartered in my district. This amendment will do a lot to aid NIH scientists and allied researchers across the country who are presently working on the science of addiction and advancing medical efforts to treat and to prevent it. This amendment constitutes a significant improvement in the text of the bill. With the amendment, researchers will not have to immediately cease their work while they wait to clear licensing hurdles if a substance is placed on schedule A. The amendment creates a twotiered system for researchers: one section for those who have a schedule I or schedule II license and one for those who have a schedule III through V license. Researchers with schedule I or II licenses can continue working with any substance placed on schedule A without cessation of that work while an application for schedule A licensure is pending. This includes work with synthetic cannabinoids and opioids, which is obviously essential to our making progress in the field. Researchers with schedules III, IV, and V licenses can continue working with substances that are temporarily placed on schedule A while an application for licensure is pending. However, the researchers will only be able to work with substances placed on schedule A whose similarity and chemical structure and actual or predicted effect is derivative of a substance presently on schedule III through V. Schedule III licensees can work with analogues of schedules III through V. Schedule IV licensees can work with analogues of schedules IV and V and so on. Lastly, as a safeguard, the research exemptions provided for in this amendment do not apply to licensed practitioners such as physicians, pharmacists, and hospitals whose involvement with research is only as a coincidental activity to their primary work. This amendment refines and strengthens the research component of the underlying legislation and is not opposed by stakeholders in the research field. I urge my colleagues to support the amendment. Mr. Chairman, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, let me just very quickly thank the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. RASKIN ) and Mr. GRIFFITH . I am delighted to join them, and I will simply say it is equally essential that science has a role in this very complex process to ensure the appropriate penalties are being applied based on compositions of the synthetic drugs involved. I congratulate both of them for the excellent work that has been done, and I am delighted to be a cosponsor of the amendment. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the Griffith/ Raskin/Jackson Lee Amendment. The amendment will reflect the current process under existing law. Under current law, the Attorney General must work collaboratively with the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and its experts in the scientific community, in order to determine best practices for the permanent scheduling process. Given the variation in toxicity levels in many of these synthetic drugs, it is imperative that the research community be involved in the process to ensure accuracy of defining the chemical structure of these drugs or substances. It is equally essential that science have a role in this very complex process to ensure the appropriate penalties are being applied based on compositions of the synthetic drugs involved. At markup I made it clear that we should not proceed with this bill absent involvement from the scientific community. Today, I am pleased to be a cosponsor of this amendment with my colleagues Griffith and Raskin. In addition to restoring collaboration with the research community, this amendment also provides that permanent scheduling cannot occur earlier than 3 years after the Attorney General issues a temporary scheduling order. This allows the scientific community time to address any pending issues that pertain to the drugs temporarily scheduled and prior to placing them on schedule A permanently. If the research finds that these temporarily scheduled drugs lack sufficient potential for abuse that would qualify such drugs under schedule A, then this amendment provides that the Attorney General has 30 days in which he must terminate the temporary scheduling order for that drug or substance. This is a sensible amendment that will provide oversight of the scheduling process. And for these reasons, I support this amendment and urge my colleagues to support this amendment. Mr. RASKIN. Mr. Chairman, I thank Ms. JACKSON LEE, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I yield as much time as he might consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ). Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, may I ask how much time does the gentleman from Virginia have left? The Acting CHAIR. The gentleman from Virginia has 3
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, this amendment makes three impactful changes to SITSA. First, it changes and sets strict definitions of what constitutes a controlled substance analogue suitable for inclusion in schedule A. A substance proposed for inclusion in schedule A must have a close chemical and scientific relationship to a substance already controlled in one of the other five schedules. Second, it checks the power of the Attorney General in the permanent scheduling process. Under this bill, the Attorney General will be able to act swiftly to bring certain synthetic drugs under temporary import and distribution controls. However, this part of the amendment ensures that the Secretary of Health and Human Services, or HHS, possesses a veto power in the permanent scheduling process. If, after more extensive analysis, HHS concludes the drug lacks psychological properties, then the Attorney General must remove the drug from the schedule A list and decontrol it. Third, it ensures that researchers with current Federal licenses in any of the five existing schedules of controlled substances can continue their research. Government and private sector chemists and scientists are researching and developing new drugs and substances every day. These researchers already possess a Federal license, called a registration, to conduct their research. This part of the amendment safeguards the ability of qualified researchers to continue their research while unsafe and untested synthetic drugs are controlled in schedule A. This amendment makes a great piece of legislation even better. I applaud Mr. GRIFFITH ’s and Mr. R ASKIN ’s efforts in doing do. I support this amendment and encourage all Members to do the same. Mr. GRIFFITH. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GRIFFITH ). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 2 OFFERED BY MS . JACKSON  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 2 printed in part B of House Report 115–751. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, my amendment is simple. It restores the commission’s jurisdiction over the 
Federal sentencing guidelines as originally granted by Congress in 1984. The United States Sentencing Commission has been working to address the seriousness and complexity of synthetic drugs for several years. If I might refer my colleagues to the April 12 meeting of the Sentencing Commission where the chairman began his remarks and indicated that the commission was going to move forward on a multipart amendment regarding synthetic drugs, which will include but be not limited to K2 or spice, fentanyl and fentanyl analogues. This amendment draws upon public comment, expert testimony, and data analysis gathered during a multiyear study of synthetic drugs. That is what the Sentencing Commission does, and my amendment asks to remove the section in this underlying legislation that directs this responsibility to the Attorney General. The process that was created by the Sentencing Commission created a new guideline definition of the term fentanyl analogue. The change effectively raises the guideline penalties for fentanyl analogues to a level more consistent with the current statutory penalty structure to address the severe dangerousness of fentanyl. The amendment also creates a four level sentencing enhancement for knowingly misrepresenting or knowingly marketing fentanyl or fentanyl analogues as another substance which equates to an approximate 50 percent increase in sentence length. What I am saying to my colleagues is that we have a structure. The report was issued on April 2018. The Sentencing Commission has done its job, and I think that we would do well to embrace the work that has been done here. The commission’s recent amendment creates a classbased approach for synthetic drugs, establishes new drug ratios, and a new guideline for fentanyl analogues, so it is unnecessary to have section 9 in the present legislation. Mr. Chairman, I would ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, even though I am not opposed to it. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chair, section 9 of the bill would provide guidance in sentencing during the current problematic time for courts, prosecutors, and defendants. Courts are having difficulties similar to those of law enforcement because of the constantly evolving nature of synthetic drugs and their chemical makeup. Recently, the U.S. Sentencing Commission unanimously approved a slate of new amendments to the sentencing guidelines. Among them are guidelines for the three most potent classes of synthetic analogues being imported from China and distributed in the United States. I view this as a tremendous step forward in providing guidance to courts, which are performing very laborintensive examinations during sentencing proceedings This amendment would strike section 9 of the bill. Chairman GOODLATTE has spoken to and received correspondence from Judge William Pryor, acting chairman of the Sentencing Commission. Both he and his staff have assured Chairman GOODLATTE that synthetic drug guidelines will remain a priority for the commission. I am agreeable to striking section 9 of this bill, and I encourage the Sentencing Commission to continue its important work and to provide guidance to the courts in these often complex cases. I support the Jackson Lee amendment and encourage all Members to do likewise. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania, and, as well, the chairman of the Judiciary Committee and the ranking member of the Judiciary Committee. We worked on this, and I am glad that our staff was able to communicate. I think it is important to emphasize that, going forward, the Sentencing Commission will continue its multiyear study to ensure that the Federal sentencing guidelines are updated to reflect any new challenges resulting from these serious drugs and that they be addressed in the Federal sentencing guidelines. Consistent with its mission established by Congress in the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, the commission will also work to update guidelines on an annual basis to reflect any new needs that we may have with respect to these new and growing synthetic analogues and other drugs that are continually coming, tragically, into the marketplace. b1030 Mr. Chairman, I have here a public data presentation for synthetic drugs, dated January 2018; also the April 2018 report; and, as well, the opening statement of the chairman of the Sentencing Commission dated April 12, 2018. Mr. Chair, I rise in support of the Jackson Lee amendment, which restores the Commission’s jurisdiction over the federal sentencing guidelines, as originally granted by Congress. The United States Sentencing Commission has been working to address the seriousness and complexity of synthetic drugs for several years. Since this legislation was introduced, the Sentencing Commission approved a multipart synthetic drugs amendment in April 2018. The Commission conducted extensive research of past cases and current data, held multiple hearings and engaged in extensive collaboration with DOJ, DEA and experts to determine the best manner to address these drugs within the context of the federal sentencing guidelines. The Commission’s recent amendment creates a classbased approach for synthetic drugs, establishes new drug ratios and a new guideline penalty for fentanyl analogues. Consistent with the established process, the recent amendment reflected a deliberative, datadriven process which included extensive public comment, expert testimony and data analysis gathered during a multiyear study of synthetic drugs. Section 9 of H.R. 2851 should be struck from the pending legislation because: It is unnecessary, overly broad and duplicative of the Commission’s existing action. Section 9 will result in greater litigation and delays for the federal courts. This section would also undermine the certainty in federal sentencing for synthetic drugs that would otherwise be avoided based on the Commission’s new amendment. Congress delegated the authority to amend the federal sentencing guidelines two decades ago in order to ensure fair, datadriven outcomes in federal sentencing. This provision is an unprecedented and unnecessary departure from the process that has worked well since established by Congress in 1984. Going forward, the Commission will continue its multiyear study to ensure that the federal sentencing guidelines are updated to reflect any new challenges resulting from these serious drugs are addressed in the federal sentencing guidelines. Consistent with its mission established by Congress in the Sentencing Reform Act of 1984, the Commission will also work to update the guidelines on an annual basis to reflect any new laws enacted by Congress. For all these reasons, I support this amendment and ask my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Chairman, I ask my colleagues to support the Jackson Lee amendment, and I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). The amendment was agreed to. 
AMENDMENT NO . 3 OFFERED BY MR . SEAN  
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 3 printed in part A of House Report 115–751. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of the committee print, add the following new section: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentleman from New York (Mr. SEAN PATRICK  MALONEY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I offer this amendment in honor of a young man called Daniel Keegan. Daniel served in the Army’s 82nd Airborne as an intelligence analyst for 8 years. He was deployed to Afghanistan twice. In 2009, Daniel was named Soldier of the Year of the 7th Special Forces Group at Fort Bragg. He was a remarkable young man. Like many of our heroes, he came home with PTSD. It took too long to get him hooked up at the VA. There were a bunch of dropped balls. So he began to selfmedicate. He did that with drugs that he found online. He could order the drugs right from his own couch. Daniel lost his life in January of 2016. His mother, Stephanie, came to my office not long after. Stephanie Keegan has now dedicated her life to improving services at the VA and fighting the heroin and opioid epidemic, particularly as it relates to our men and women in uniform. Just a couple of months ago, Stephanie joined me in Hudson Valley to announce the Stop Online Opioid Sales Act, and that is what is in this amendment. We started looking at this issue, and we found out that we are losing the information battle in the fight to stop online drug sales. In fact, we don’t even know exactly how much is coming into our country, or where it is coming from. Earlier this year, the Senate released a report suggesting that $800 million of opioids were coming just from China alone and being sold online. I am told that 50,000 doses of fentanyl can be fit inside a business size envelope. We need to get on top of this problem. These statistics are alarming. The trend is alarming. We don’t know what is happening. We need the DEA to get in the game on this, and we need to know how much of an issue this really is. It is really hard to keep up with the constantly evolving tech landscape when it comes to drug sales. But the first step in stopping the problem is understanding the scope. What we know is that drug addicts, right now, can conduct their online habit without leaving their home. The drugs come in the UPS truck, or the FedEx truck, or the U.S. mail, and they can sell drugs to people who come to that location. I have spoken to recovering addicts who never left their house, who conducted, for years, an online drug business out of their own house and fed their own habit with it. We need to get on top of this problem. That is what is in this amendment and what it would allow us to do. We would simply require the DEA to compile a comprehensive report on the sale of drugs online within a year, and then be required to continue to issue annual reports containing this information. Under the amendment, the reports would include the types and amounts of controlled substances and analogues sold online, the name of each entity and person selling them, and an estimate of the revenue being generated through these illegal channels. This opioid crisis has impacted folks from every State, every party, and every walk of life, and it certainly doesn’t care what party you belong to. Mr. Chairman, I ask all of my colleagues, on both sides of the aisle, to join me in support of this amendment so that we can fight back against this scourge and stop burying young American heroes like Daniel Keegan. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment, although I am not opposed to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. Without objection, the gentleman from Pennsylvania is recognized for 5 minutes. There was no objection. Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, this amendment requires the Drug Enforcement Administration to compile a report on both the lawful and illicit sale of synthetic drug analogues over the internet. Unfortunately, the internet and the dark web have become sizable marketplaces for many illegal drugs, especially synthetic analogues. As Chairman GOODLATTE stated earlier, Garrett Holman lost his life from synthetic drugs he ordered over the internet and received in the mail from China. The report requested by this amendment will help Congress and law enforcement have a better picture of the magnitude of the synthetic drug problem. Mr. Chairman, I support the Maloney amendment, I urge my colleagues to do the same, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for his support. Mr. Chairman, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman from New York for capturing the scourge of the epidemic of online drug sales that reach into the living rooms of so many innocent persons, and my sympathy for the loss of one of our heroes who wore the uniform. Mr. Chairman, I rise to support this amendment as contributing to the important information knowledge chain that is so necessary to families to help stop this scourge of going after innocent persons in their homes. Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. I thank the gentlewoman for those comments. Mr. Chairman, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from New York (Mr. SEANPATRICK MALONEY ). The amendment was agreed to. 
The Acting CHAIR. It is now in order to consider amendment No. 4 printed in part A of House Report 115–751. Mr. Chairman, I have an amendment at the desk. The Acting CHAIR. The Clerk will designate the amendment. The text of the amendment is as follows: 
At the end of the committee print, add the following new section: 
The Acting CHAIR. Pursuant to House Resolution 934, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ) and a Member opposed each will control 5 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself 3 minutes. Mr. Chairman, first, let me commend the manager of the bill, Mr. MARINO , and the author of the legislation, Mr. KATKO . Synthetic drugs are a plague on this country, and part of the reason is 
that our laws have not kept up with the evolving threat. Mr. KATKO ’s legislation helps the law catch up somewhat, and that is important for the safety of our people. My amendment deals with a related area where the law has not caught up. Many of the purveyors of these poisons will seek to evade responsibility by printing on the label ‘‘not intended for human consumption.’’ The reason they do that is 21 U.S.C. 813 says: ‘‘A controlled substance analogue shall, to the extent intended for human consumption, be treated, for the purposes of any Federal law as a controlled substance in schedule I.’’ Now, the loophole there is, ‘‘to the extent intended for human consumption.’’ So what these people do is they just print the label, ‘‘not intended for human consumption,’’ and that makes it more difficult to arrest and prosecute and to keep these drugs off of the street. My amendment simply replaces part of that sentence with six factors, which should be considered, to see whether it is really intended for human consumption, whether it is really a situation where people know full well that kids are buying this stuff, that they are smoking it, or that they are otherwise ingesting it and dying as a result. As I said, this is consistent with the idea that we need to have our laws catch up with what the purveyors of these poisons are doing, and this is another attempt to add to the very valuable work that Mr. KATKO has begun. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I claim the time in opposition to the amendment. The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman from Texas is recognized for 5 minutes. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, I rise in opposition to amendment No. 4 proposed by the gentleman from Texas. The amendment adds a list of factors that may be considered when proving whether a particular substance was intended for human consumption. I oppose this amendment for two reasons. First, because criminal liability could result from one of the factors being proven merely under a negligent standard. Only whether the defendant should have known the substance was intended to be consumed by injection, inhaling, ingestion, or any other immediate means, it is not an appropriate standard to which we should attach criminal liability, particularly severe consequences such as mandatory minimums. Now, I have indicated that we have an action by the U.S. Sentencing Commission that took place on April 2018. We have a detailed analysis of the range of analogues, synthetic analogues, including K2, spice, and other fentanyl analogues, but not limited to. Therefore, we have a marker. We have a standard to save lives. And what we should be emphasizing, again, is treatment. Second, this amendment actually makes it easier to trigger mandatory minimums. For instance, a defendant could be subjected to a 20year mandatory minimum in instances where serious bodily harm injury results. I am opposed to amendment 4 because defendants could be subjected to such mandatory minimums relying, in part, on proof that they should have known a substance was intended for human consumption. Now, let me be very clear. Some of these individuals who are defendants are, themselves, addicted, and, therefore, they are acting as an addicted person. It is not an excuse, but it emphasizes that we should steer ourselves more toward a maximizing of treatment and education to stop the scourge of the utilization of these drugs. That is clearly, as well, taken care of under the U.S. Sentencing Commission, meaning that these concerns of the gentleman, which I respect his concerns, are taken care of by a long list of responses and sentencing for the different drugs that are noted as synthetic analogues. Again, we do have a basis going forward. The gentleman’s concerns can be taken care of in already established law and policies by the U.S. Sentencing Commission. I have long opposed any laws that will trigger mandatory minimums because we have seen the results of that. We have also heard over time from the U.S. judicial commission, if you will, because this takes away a judge’s discretion and interferes with their sound judgment in sentencing the individual defendants that appear before them. Therefore, I oppose amendment No. 4. Mr. Chairman, I thank the Rules Committee for allowing my amendment to be placed in order. I also believe that, at this point, we would do well to follow regular order to save lives and to continue to allow the Sentencing Commission to move forward as they made their commitment in the chairman’s letter. The chairman of the commission said that they will not stop working on synthetic analogues and that they will continue to structure the right kind of criminal justice that works as it relates to sentencing to ensure that the concerns of my colleague are taken. Mr. Chairman, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. MARINO ). Mr. MARINO. Mr. Chairman, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Chairman, this amendment would improve the Federal Analogue Act, a provision in the Controlled Substance Act, which, during a prosecution, allows a chemical that is determined to be substantially similar to a controlled substance listed in schedule I or II to be treated as if it were also listed in those schedules, but only if the substance is intended for human consumption. Drug traffickers, particularly those who traffic synthetic drugs, repeatedly attempt to evade Federal law by labeling their synthetic drugs with a phrase, ‘‘not made for human consumption.’’ They do this routinely in a preemptive attempt to rebut an assertion during their prosecution that they never meant the drug be intended for human consumption. b1045 The Thornberry amendment sets forth six factors which a court may consider when determining whether a controlled substance analogue was intended for human consumption. It also states a label on the product is not sufficient proof, standing alone, that the defendant did not intend it for human consumption. This amendment is quite similar to S. 207, the SALTS Act, which the Senate Judiciary Committee reported favorably 3 weeks ago. Mr. Chair, I think this is a useful amendment to the legislation before us, and I urge my colleagues to join me in support of it. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chairman, how much time do I have remaining? The Acting CHAIR. The gentlewoman has 11⁄2minutes remaining. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, again, let me indicate that I appreciate the gentleman’s concern. I am concerned that simply a negligence standard would be the standard for judging a defendant under this particular amendment: should have known the substance was intended to be consumed by injection, inhaling, injection, or any other immediate means. That is not an appropriate standard that would attach criminal liability and particularly severe consequences such as a mandatory minimum. Again, I am holding up one of the reports from the Sentencing Commission, and I would make the argument that it is thorough in its review, and our colleagues can be comforted by the fact that, again, the Sentencing Commission will continue its work and it will continue to address some of the concerns of my friend from Texas. I would hope that we would allow that process to proceed. I think it would be very concerning to all of us if we had a negligence standard. I believe the courts will address the fact based upon the defendant and the facts that we have in place. Mr. Chair, I ask my colleagues to oppose the amendment and oppose the underlying bill. Mr. Chair, I rise in opposition to Amendment 13, proposed by Mr. Thornberry. The amendment adds a list of factors that may be considered when proving whether a particular substance was intended for human consumption. I oppose this amendment for two reasons: First, because criminal liability could result from one of the factors being proven merely under a negligence standard—only whether the defendant should have known the substance was intended to be consumed by injection, inhalation, ingestion or any other immediate means. It is not an appropriate standard 
to which we should attach criminal liability, particularly, severe consequences, such as mandatory minimums. Second, this amendment actually makes it easier to trigger mandatory minimums. For instance, a defendant could be subjected to a 20year mandatory minimum in instances where serious bodily injury results. I am opposed to Amendment 13 because defendants could be subjected to such mandatory minimums relying in part on proof that they should have known a substance was intended for ‘‘human consumption’’. I have long been opposed to any laws that trigger mandatory minimums because they take away judges’ discretion and interfere with their sound judgment in sentencing the individual defendants that appear before them. Therefore, I oppose Amendment 13. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. THORNBERRY. Mr. Chairman, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Chairman, there is nothing in the amendment that affects sentencing in any way. The amendment simply seeks to remove a getoutofjailfree card that these purveyors of poison have been using to try to evade responsibility. There is nothing that says, if you meet any one of these factors, you are automatically going to jail. What it says is you have to look deeper into these six factors to determine whether or not it really was intended for human consumption, that just putting a label that says ‘‘I didn’t intend anybody to smoke this stuff’’ is not enough to evade liability. And I would note, Mr. Chairman, that the Federal Law Enforcement Officers Association, the National Association of Police Organizations, and the Fraternal Order of Police have all supported this provision. And as the gentleman from Pennsylvania noted, a similar provision sponsored by Senator KLOBUCHAR was passed out of the Senate Judiciary Committee recently. Mr. Chairman, this arises because a few years ago, a constituent of mine named Jesse in Amarillo, Texas, told his mother that it was no big deal; he was smoking synthetic marijuana. Well, it turns out it was this potpourri stuff that had been sprayed with toxic chemicals. Unfortunately, Jesse died. And as the police went to the place where he would buy this stuff, it had prominently on the label, ‘‘Not intended for human consumption.’’ It greatly hindered their ability to get that stuff off the street. Mr. Chair, this amendment fixes that. I urge Members to support it. Mr. Chair, I yield back the balance of my time. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. THORNBERRY ). The question was taken; and the Acting Chair announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Chair, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 223, noes 158, not voting 46, as follows: [Roll No. 267] AYES—223 
Abraham Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Murphy (FL) Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Perry Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Amash Barraga´n Bera Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Correa Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Green, Al Grijalva Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Napolitano Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Raskin Richmond Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Soto Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Torres Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—46 
Bass Beatty Black Blunt Rochester Carter (TX) Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeFazio Ellison Estes (KS) Gohmert Gosar Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Huffman Johnson (LA) Jones Kelly (MS) Labrador Larson (CT) Lewis (GA) Marchant Mullin Neal O’Rourke Pearce Quigley Reichert Roby Rooney, Thomas J. Sa´nchez Scalise Sessions Shimkus Smith (WA) Speier Tipton Tonko Trott Tsongas Walz Webster (FL) Wittman Yoho 
b1113 Mr. CORREA changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the amendment was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mrs. ROBY. Mr. Chair, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 267. The Acting CHAIR. The question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The Acting CHAIR. Under the rule, the Committee rises. Accordingly, the Committee rose; and the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. FERGUSON ) having assumed the chair, Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida, Acting Chair of the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union, reported that that Committee, having had under consideration the bill (H.R. 2851) to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be regulated, and for other purposes, and, pursuant to House Resolution 934, he reported the bill back to the House with an amendment adopted in the Committee of the Whole. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the rule, the previous question is ordered. Is a separate vote demanded on any amendment to the amendment reported from the Committee of the Whole? If not, the question is on the amendment in the nature of a substitute, as amended. The amendment was agreed to. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the engrossment and third reading of the bill. The bill was ordered to be engrossed and read a third time, and was read the third time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the passage of the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this is a 5minute vote on the passage of the bill will be followed by a 5minute vote on the question of agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 239, noes 142, not voting 46, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bera Bergman Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Byrne Calvert Carbajal Carter (GA) Chabot Cheney Cicilline Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Delaney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (PA) Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Latta Lesko Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marino Marshall Mast McCarthy McCaul McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Murphy (FL) Napolitano Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes O’Halleran Olson Palazzo Palmer Panetta Paulsen Perry Peters Peterson Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Ruppersberger Russell Rutherford Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Shuster Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Soto Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Torres Turner Upton Valadao Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Wenstrup Westerman Wilson (SC) Womack Woodall Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—142 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Beyer Biggs Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brooks (AL) Brown (MD) Butterfield Capuano Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Courtney Crowley Cummings Davis (CA) DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garrett Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Hastings Heck Hice, Jody B. Higgins (NY) Hoyer Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Krishnamoorthi Larsen (WA) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Massie Matsui McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Nadler Nolan Norcross Pallone Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Raskin Richmond Rohrabacher RoybalAllard Ruiz Rush Ryan (OH) Sanford Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Williams Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Bass Beatty Bishop (UT) Black Blunt Rochester Carter (TX) Culberson Curbelo (FL) Davis, Danny DeFazio Ellison Estes (KS) Gohmert Gosar Green, Gene Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Huffman Johnson (LA) Jones Kelly (MS) Labrador Larson (CT) Lewis (GA) Marchant Mullin Neal O’Rourke Pearce Quigley Reichert Rooney, Thomas J. Sa´nchez Scalise Sessions Shimkus Smith (WA) Speier Tipton Tonko Trott Tsongas Walz Webster (FL) Wittman Yoho b1124 Mr. VEASEY changed his vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ So the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated against: Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER. Mr. Speaker, unfortunately, due to a funeral, I will miss the vote on H.R. 2851, Stop Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017. It was my intention to vote ‘‘no.’’ 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on Friday, June 15, 2018, due to changes in the floor vote calendar. If I had been able to vote, I would have voted as follows: On the Thornberry Amendment to H.R. 2851, the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ On final passage of H.R. 2851, I would have voted ‘‘nay.’’ 
Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to make votes on June 15, 2018, due to illness. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 267 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 268. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, on June 15, 2018, I was absent. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 267 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 268. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BANKS of Indiana). The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
ADJOURNMENT FROM FRIDAY, JUNE 15, 2018, TO TUESDAY, JUNE 19, 2018 Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet on Tuesday, June 19, 2018, when it shall convene at noon for morninghour debate and 2 p.m. for legislative business. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. 
COMBATING THE OPIOID CRISIS IN CENTRAL WASHINGTON (Mr. NEWHOUSE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. NEWHOUSE. Mr. Speaker, in America, 91 people die every day from an opioid overdose. According to the 
Washington State Department of Health, from 2012 to 2016, almost 300 people in my Fourth Congressional District died from an opioidrelated death. These alarming statistics demonstrate the desperate need for the 35 bills we passed this week in regard to this crisis. I recently hosted an opioid summit in my district where I heard from constituents, Federal officials, law enforcement, and health professionals about the impacts this epidemic has in central Washington. One constituent bravely shared the story of her son, Eli. Eli was exposed to opioids in high school. He struggled with recovery, and despite support from his family, it was difficult to find help. His addiction did not let him live out his full potential, and he ultimately passed away in 2014 at the age of 22 years old. Unfortunately, there are many more stories like Eli’s. We must put an end to this epidemic which is why I am proud to support the important legislation Congress is working on. By improving access to treatment, prevention practices, and law enforcement, we are saving lives. 
b1130 DACA (Mr. HOYER asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, normally at this time the majority leader and I do a colloquy. We do a colloquy to discuss the schedule for the week to come. My suspicion is they don’t know what the schedule is for the week to come because they were going to offer two immigration bills to undermine the proposal that so many have made to have four alternatives on DACA available for the people’s House to speak for the people. We are noting today 6 years since President Obama put into place protection for DACA protectees. Mr. Speaker, 86 percent of the American people support doing just that, and the President asked this House to act. Mr. AGUILAR  and Mr. HURDin a bipartisan way—everybody says to the public: Yes, we want to work in a bipartisan way— well, the majority had the opportunity to do it, and they have retreated from that responsibility and that assertion. I lament the fact that we have not acted as the President asked us to on protecting DACA. They are Americans in everything but paper. 
5.7 MILLION AMERICANS ARE LIVING WITH ALZHEIMER’S (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, June is Alzheimer’s and Brain Awareness Month. Alzheimer’s is the sixth leading cause of death in the United States. There is no effective treatment, no means of prevention, and no method for slowing the progression of the disease. Sadly, one in three seniors will die with the disease. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, 5.7 million Americans are living with Alzheimer’s disease. By 2050 this number is projected to rise to nearly 14 million Americans. Mr. Speaker, every 65 seconds, someone in the United States develops this disease. This is unacceptable. Alzheimer’s not only has a devastating impact on those who are diagnosed with the disease, but also their caregivers and loved ones. More than 16 million Americans provide unpaid care to those living with Alzheimer’s and other dementias. In 2017 these caregivers provided an estimated 18.4 billion hours of care. Mr. Speaker, the time to act is now. Let’s join the fight; let’s take the pledge to raise awareness about Alzheimer’s disease and to never stop searching for a cure. f 
DACA (Ms. GABBARD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. GABBARD. Mr. Speaker, 6 years ago today, DACA provided a shining light for hundreds of thousands of young Dreamers from all across this country to come out from the shadows and live freely without fear in a nation that for many has been the only home they have ever known. These are people who were brought here as young children through no choice of their own, but no longer. Now, since DACA was rescinded, their status and future hang in limbo with great uncertainty. Their futures and dreams are put on hold as those fears of being ripped from their families and deported to strange, foreign countries has reentered their lives. We cannot afford to wait another day. The vast majority of Americans support Congress passing a final solution, a permanent solution, for these Dreamers. The majority of Congress supports finding a permanent solution for these Dreamers. Let’s stand together, work for the good of the people in this country, and pass a solution for these young people all across the country. 
ROSES TO THE LIVING AWARD (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Hank Leo and Amanda Larson, members of the Oneida Rotary Club. Hank and Amanda both recently received the Roses to the Living Award at the Kallet Civic Center. This award is given to Rotarians who have demonstrated exceptional commitment to the community through good works and involvement in needy and worthy causes. This dedication and devotion to community embodies the spirit of the Rotary motto: Service Above Self. In 2002, Ms. Larson was nominated as president and chief executive officer of what is now The Gorman Foundation, an organization dedicated to improving the quality of life for present and future generations in central New York and around the world. Amanda has worked diligently to ensure that access to healthcare for uninsured and underserved citizens is obtained. Many of these people had not had the opportunity to even meet with a doctor or medical professional for many years. In addition to his tireless work at the YMCA, Hank Leo has lent his helping hand to all of the Oneida community and throughout the region for many years. He has served as a member of the Oneida City School District Board of Education for 5 years and as a member of the Oneida Healthcare Foundation Board of Directors for several years. In June of 2013, when many Oneida residences suffered devastating losses due to flooding, it was Hank who immediately offered the YMCA’s Oneida facility as a place to stay for those who needed shelter. Mr. Speaker, please join me in extending sincere thanks and gratitude to Amanda Larson and Hank Leo for their unparalleled contributions to our community. They truly embody the Rotary motto of Service Above Self. f 
HONORING THE LIFE OF BRETT SCHWANBECK (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Brett Schwanbeck. Brett attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Brett was a retired truck driver who was engaged to be married to his fiancee, Anna. Brett was a father of three and a grandfather of five. He was a kind and loving man who treasured the time he spent with his family. Brett loved lake trips, family gatherings, hunting, and camping. His favorite thing to do was go out into the middle of the woods and purposely get lost. Brett would do anything for anyone who needed help. His family remembers Brett as being funny, generous, and full of joy. I would like to extend my condolences to Brett’s family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieve with you. 
THE CONGRESSIONAL BASEBALL GAME (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I would like to just highlight an amazing thing we saw last night at the Congressional Baseball Game: the power of prayer and perseverance. Exactly 1 year after that horrific shooting out in Virginia, we saw our Officers Griner and Bailey as well as our friend here on the floor, our whip, STEVE SCALISE , take the field, as well as Mr. SCALISE taking second base escorted out by our colleagues, Mr. RICHMOND and Mr. WENSTRUP . It was amazing to see that happen. Again, it is the power of prayer and perseverance with him taking the base and taking his position on the field. You couldn’t write it better in a Hollywood script, in that the first ball hit in the infield went right to STEVE . He fielded it and threw the runner out at first base. What an amazing thing, and what an inspiration for all of us. God bless you, STEVE , as well as the officers who were hurt on the field that day. A year later here we are seeing great things happen in a bipartisan way, a nonpartisan way, and a miraculous way. 
LEAVE OF ABSENCE By unanimous consent, leave of absence was granted to: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for June 14 after 4:15 p.m. and the balance of the week. Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois (at the request of Ms. PELOSI ) for today. 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 11 o’clock and 38 minutes a.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until Tuesday, June 19, 2018, at noon for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania (for himself, Ms. LOFGREN , and Mr. RASKIN ): H.R. 6122. A bill to amend the National Voter Registration Act of 1993 to clarify that a State may not use an individual’s failure to vote as the basis for initiating the procedures provided under such Act for the removal of the individual from the official list of registered voters in the State on the grounds that the individual has changed residence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER (for himself and Mr. GROTHMAN ): H.R. 6123. A bill to amend the Immigration and Nationality Act to provide that an alien physician who is coming to the United States to practice medicine in an area designated by the Secretary of Health and Human Services as having a shortage of health care professionals is not required to pass the National Board of Medical Examiners Examination, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. REICHERT (for himself, Ms. DELBENE, Mr. C OLE, and Mr. K ILMER ): H.R. 6124. A bill to amend title II of the Social Security Act to authorize voluntary agreements for coverage of Indian tribal council members, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 6125. A bill to rename a waterway in the State of New York as the ‘‘Joseph Sanford Jr. Channel’’; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 6126. A bill to amend the Homeland Security Act of 2002 to provide support to State and local governments in their efforts to counter violent extremist threats; to the Committee on Homeland Security. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 6127. A bill to amend the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to create a safe harbor for finders and private placement brokers, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. BERA): H.R. 6128. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow certain kinds of insurance and health care for individuals allowed a deduction for contributions to a health savings account; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6129. A bill to amend the District of Columbia Home Rule Act to repeal the authority of the President to assume emergency control of the police of the District of Columbia; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 6130. A bill to provide for a 5 year extension of certain exemptions and reduced disclosure requirements for companies that were emerging growth companies and would continue to be emerging growth companies but for the 5year restriction on emerging growth companies, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. TITUS (for herself and Mrs. COMSTOCK ): H.R. 6131. A bill to amend the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act with respect to entities that receive Federal funds to assist animals impacted by disasters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Ms. LEE (for herself, Mr. ENGEL , Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. NORTON , Ms. M OORE , Ms. P LASKETT , and Mr. DEUTCH ): H. Res. 946. A resolution recognizing the significance of National Caribbean American Heritage Month; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
214. The SPEAKER presented a memorial of the General Assembly of the State of Tennessee, relative to House Joint Resolution No. 741, expressing strong support for President Donald J. Trump’s proposal to construct a secure border wall and urge Congress to immediately take action to fund the construction; which was referred to the Committee on Homeland Security. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 6122. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This proposal is introduced pursuant to Article I. By Mr. SENSENBRENNER: H.R. 6123. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 4: The Congress shall have Power To establish an uniform Rule of Naturalization By Mr. REICHERT: H.R. 6124. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Pursuant to Clause I of Section 8 of Article I of the United States Constitution and Amendment XVI of the United States Constitution, specifically clause 1 (relating to providing for the general welfare of the United States) and clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress), and Article IV, section 3, clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). By Mr. MEEKS: H.R. 6125. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following : article 1 section 8, the necessary and proper clause By Mr. AGUILAR: H.R. 6126. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, section 8, clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 6127. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3, providing the power to regulate ‘‘commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ By Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania: H.R. 6128. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Ms. NORTON: H.R. 6129. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: clause 17 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution. By Mr. ROTHFUS: H.R. 6130. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the United States Constitution, providing the power to ‘‘regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states.’’ By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 6131. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution, specifically Clause 1 (relating to providing for the common defense and general welfare of the United States) and Clause 3 (related to regulation of Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with Indian tribes) and Clause 18 (relating to the power to make all laws necessary and proper for carrying out the powers vested in Congress). f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: H.R. 20: Ms. W ILSON of Florida. H.R. 99: Mr. MCEACHIN . H.R. 193: Mr. YOHO. H.R. 809: Mr. PAYNE . H.R. 823: Mr. GOMEZ , Mr. C APUANO , and Mr. SOTO. H.R. 936: Mr. KILMER . H.R. 1102: Mr. SMITH of Washington. H.R. 1150: Mr. KINGof Iowa. H.R. 1464: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2015: Mr. CAPUANO and Mr. E SPAILLAT . H.R. 2197: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 2495: Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. H.R. 2777: Ms. MATSUI , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, and Ms. B ROWNLEY of Cali fornia. H.R. 2906: Mr. BLUMENAUER , Mr. Y OUNG of Iowa, and Mr. KENNEDY . H.R. 3091: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. E SPAILLAT , and Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 3124: Mr. SIRES. H.R. 3148: Mrs. NAPOLITANO . H.R. 3272: Mr. POLIS and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 3400: Mr. COFFMAN . H.R. 3500: Ms. SINEMA . H.R. 3923: Mr. PASCRELL , Mr. G ENEGREEN  of Texas, Mr. MCEACHIN , and Ms. M ATSUI . H.R. 4099: Mr. DEUTCH and Mr. P RICE of North Carolina. H.R. 4117: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4206: Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio, Ms. SINEMA , and Mr. M ESSER . H.R. 4898: Mr. PANETTA and Ms. N ORTON . H.R. 4940: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5038: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5108: Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON of Texas, and Mr. P ETERSON . H.R. 5141: Mr. EVANS and Mr. M OOLENAAR . H.R. 5270: Mr. GOSAR . H.R. 5533: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. V ELA, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. KIND, Mr. P AYNE , Mr. C APUANO , Mr. G OMEZ , Mr. O’ROURKE , and Mr. S OTO. H.R. 5545: Mrs. BEATTY , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. C ARTWRIGHT , Mr. C LAY, Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. CLYBURN , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. C OOPER, Mr. C OURTNEY , Mr. D ELANEY , Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. D OGGETT , Mr. E LLISON , Mr. GOMEZ , Mr. H OYER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSONof Texas, Ms. K APTUR , Mr. K EATING , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. K HANNA , Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. L EE, Ms. JACKSON LEE, Mr. L EWIS of Georgia, Mr. LYNCH , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY of New York, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. M OULTON , Ms. NORTON , Ms. P LASKETT , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. RUPPERSBERGER , Mr. R USH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Mr. SARBANES , Ms. S CHAKOWSKY , Mr. TAKANO , Ms. T SONGAS , Mr. W ELCH , Ms. W ILSONof Florida, and Mr. Y ARMUTH . H.R. 5571: Mr. PERLMUTTER . H.R. 5609: Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 5671: Mr. BANKS of Indiana. H.R. 5697: Mr. BLUMENAUER . H.R. 5713: Mr. BYRNE . H.R. 5728: Mr. LYNCH , Mr. M ICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania, and Mr. V ELA. H.R. 5855: Mr. SENSENBRENNER . H.R. 5886: Mr. FOSTER . H.R. 5893: Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. L OWENTHAL , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Ms. B ROWNLEY of California, Mr. WALZ, Mrs. N APOLITANO , Mr. N ORCROSS , Mr. LARSEN of Washington, Mr. P OCAN , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. K INGof New York, Mr. PANETTA , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , and Mr. SHERMAN . H.R. 5953: Ms. TENNEY , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , and Mr. BUDD. H.R. 5988: Mr. STIVERS . H.R. 6008: Mr. SCOTT of Virginia and Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. H.R. 6042: Ms. DEGETTE and Mr. L ANGEVIN . H.R. 6079: Mr. THORNBERRY . H.R. 6088: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 6117: Ms. SHEAPORTER and Ms. N ORTON. H. Res. 31: Mr. KIND. H. Res. 825: Ms. TITUS. H. Res. 886: Mr. COHEN , Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. NORTON , and Ms. F UDGE . H. Res. 929: Ms. CASTOR of Florida and Mr. HUFFMAN . f 
CONGRESSIONAL EARMARKS, LIMITED TAX BENEFITS, OR LIMITED TARIFF BENEFITS Under clause 9 of rule XXI, lists or statements on congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits were submitted as follows: 
OFFERED BYMR. BRADY OF TEXAS  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Ways and Means in H.R. 6 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. WALDEN  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 6 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. OFFERED BYMR. WALDEN  The provisions that warranted a referral to the Committee on Energy and Commerce in H.R. 6082 do not contain any congressional earmarks, limited tax benefits, or limited tariff benefits as defined in clause 9 of rule XXI. f 
DISCHARGE PETITIONS— ADDITIONS AND WITHDRAWALS The following Members added their names to the following discharge petitions: 
Petition 10 by Mr. CURBELO of Florida on House Resolution 774: Mr. Cuellar. Petition 11 by Mr. MICHAEL F. DOYLE of Pennsylvania on House Resolution 873: Mr. Polis, Mr. Al Green of Texas. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor Roger Holmes, who is celebrating his 100th birthday today. This remarkable milestone gives us the opportunity to recognize Mr. Holmes’ contributions to his community and his country. Mr. Holmes a veteran of World War Two, served as a Tech Sergeant and Section Chief of Ordinance Cadre in the 9th Airforce Division in Holland, France, and England between 1942 and 1944. His service in World War II helped preserve the great freedoms that we enjoy today. I want to express my gratitude for Mr. Holmes’ dedication to the community of Whitehall. He retired as the U.S. Postmaster after working for the local post office for almost thirty years. Mr. Holmes and his wife Edna will celebrate their 68th wedding anniversary in July. It is leaders like him who sustain the character and integrity of our communities. Mr. Holmes’ contributions to his country leave us in his debt. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the importance of expediting repairs to the Herbert Hoover Dike on Lake Okeechobee. Subtropical Storm Alberto highlighted the need for repairs, as water levels in Lake Okeechobee are rapidly rising toward the safe limit, leading to earlier than usual discharges ravaging our Southwest Florida coastline. Expedited dike repairs would reduce the number and volume of these harmful discharges and better protect the livelihood of our community and our environment. This is why I am working with my colleagues in the House, and with the White House, to secure additional funds to accelerate repairs. It’s simply insurance: sooner or later a big storm will hit so it is best to reduce the time during which we are at risk. We need to pay less now, like an insurance premium, to hedge a future catastrophic risk. HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF JUDGE JOAN BERNARD ARMSTRONG HON. CEDRIC L. RICHMOND 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Judge Joan Bernard Armstrong, the first woman elected to serve as a judge in Louisiana and the first AfricanAmerican to serve as chief judge of the Fourth Circuit Court of Appeal, who died on June 9, 2018 at the age of 77. In 2011, Judge Armstrong announced her retirement from the bench after 37 years, which made her the longestserving judge in Louisiana at the time. When Judge Armstrong was first elected to the bench in Orleans Parish Juvenile Court in 1974, she was the first AfricanAmerican woman elected judge in Louisiana. Judge Armstrong graduated from Xavier University in 1963. She taught school by day and attended law school at night to earn her J.D. from Loyola University School of Law in 1967. She was elected without opposition to the appeals court in 1984, as the court’s first female jurist. She became chief judge in 2003. During her tenure on the bench, Judge Armstrong was chairwoman of the Louisiana Conference of Court of Appeal Judges from 2004 to 2005 and was also a member of the Judiciary Budgetary Board; Judicial Ethics Committee; Judicial Human Resources Committee; Louisiana Commission on Law Enforcement and the Administration of Criminal Justice. Judge Armstrong served as a member of several organizations and received several honors during her long career: Loyola University Board of Trustees, 1984 to 1990; Adjunct Professor of Law, Southern University Law Center, 1985 to 2003; American Judges Association Education Committee, 1990 to 1991; Grambling State University Dr. Martin Luther King Criminal Justice Center, First Board of Directors; President, Community Relations Council of Greater New Orleans, 1972 to 1974; President, Louisiana League of Good Government, 1972 to 1974, and others. Judge Armstrong lived an extraordinary life that cannot be categorized. Her legacy will forever be a part of the city of New Orleans and her dedication to community embodies the spirit of the city. We cannot match the sacrifices made by Judge Armstrong, but surely, we can try to match her sense of service. We cannot match her courage, but we can strive to match her devotion. A widow, Judge Armstrong is survived by two children: a son, Reverend David Armstrong; a daughter, Anna Armstrong Alexander; and two grandchildren. She is also survived by a sister, Florence Bernard James. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy of Judge Joan Bernard Armstrong. IN RECOGNITION OF FORREST JARRETT HON. MARK MEADOWS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Forrest Jarrett, of Madison County, North Carolina. I would like to acknowledge Forrest for his outstanding love for mankind and conservation. Forrest Jarrett was born on November 29, 1928 in Madison County, North Carolina. After graduating from Marshall High School in 1945, Forrest went on to obtain a Bachelor’s of Science degree in Agriculture from Berea College in Kentucky in 1950. After graduating from college, Forrest enlisted in the United States Army, serving in the Korean Conflict from 1951 to 1953. After his military service, Forrest became a ‘‘relief watchman’’ with Norfolk Southern Railroad Company in December 1953. He worked for Norfolk Southern for 37 years and retired in 1991. While working for the railroad, he played a significant role in creating the Norfolk Southern band, ‘‘The Lawmen,’’ which still performs today. Forrest and his wife, Alene, have raised two sons, Owen and Greg. Growing up, Forrest developed a passion for hunting in the mountains of Western North Carolina. This passion has led him to be a proponent for conservation and wildlife protection. Forrest has helped organize an annual Wild Game Dinner fundraiser that supports various wildlife conservation efforts across North Carolina. Recently, the annual Wild Game Dinner in Asheville, North Carolina was renamed the Forrest E. Jarrett Wild Game Dinner for Wildlife Conservation in his honor. Mr. Jarrett’s dedication to preserving wildlife and his love for people has set him apart as a man well worthy of esteem and earned him the title of a faithful friend. It is my distinct honor to recognize Forrest’s dedication to wildlife and conservation as the Forrest E. Jarrett Wild Game Dinner for Wildlife Conservation is named in his honor. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to pay tribute to Major Abigail Vincent for her exemplary dedication to duty and service as an Army Congressional Fellow and Congressional Budget Liaison for the Assistant Secretary of the Army (Financial Management and Comptroller). Major Vincent is transitioning from her current assignment to serve as Comptroller and Deputy Director of Administration for the U.S. Army Medical Research Institute of Infectious Diseases. 
Born in Kalamazoo, Michigan, where her parents still reside, Major Vincent was commissioned as a Medical Service Corps officer after her graduation from the United States Military Academy at West Point with a Bachelor of Science Degree in Comparative Politics. She also holds a Master’s degree in Legislative Affairs from the George Washington University. Major Vincent has served in a broad range of assignments during her thirteen years as an Army officer. Her assignments include: platoon leader and company executive officer at Fort Lewis, WA; Medical Operations Officer in Seagoville, TX; and Legislative Liaison in the National Capital Region. She also has a combat deployment encompassing 17 months in theater where she served in the Commander’s Initiatives Group and as aidedecamp for the MultiNational Force—Iraq Commander, General Ray Odierno. In 2014, I had the privilege of having Major Vincent as an Army Congressional Fellow in my office and continued to work with her during her subsequent assignment as a Congressional Budget Liaison for the U.S. Army. Major Vincent’s professionalism, diligence, and commitment to the mission are unmatched, and her work both as a fellow and as a liaison very effectively represented the U.S. Army and the Department of Defense to the United States Congress. Throughout her career, Major Vincent has positively impacted soldiers, peers, and superiors. Our country has benefited from her extraordinary leadership, judgment, and passion for the Army profession. I join my colleagues today in honoring her dedication to our Nation and invaluable service to the United States Congress as an Army Congressional Budget Liaison. Mr. Speaker, it has been a genuine pleasure to work with Major Vincent. It is with great appreciation that I recognize and commend Abigail for her service to our country and wish her all the best as she continues her service in the United States Army. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, on June 13, 2018, I was absent for recorded votes No. 261 through No. 264. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: on Roll Call No. 261 I would have voted no; on Roll Call No. 262 I would have voted no; on Roll Call No. 263 I would have voted yes; and on Roll Call No. 264 I would have voted yes. 
RECOGNIZING JERRY ANDERSON FOR A STORIED CAREER SERVING NORTHWEST OHIO 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize WTOL’s Jerry Anderson for his years of service to Northwest Ohio as today will be his last day before retiring. Jerry has served Northwest Ohio as a valued and trustworthy face on the local news for more than 40 years. Jerry Anderson started his career in Bowling Green on the radio airwaves for WFOB in 1974 before beginning his TV news career in 1980. Jerry covered four national political conventions, the inaugurations of three presidents, and Pope John Paul II’s visit to Detroit into the living room of families in Northwest Ohio, and he was someone that Ohioans knew they could count on. Jerry is beloved and respected because he truly cares about Northwest Ohio and the people that live there. He’s been active in local charitable efforts, including earning his certification as an auctioneer so he could volunteer for more than 20 charity auctions annually. He also can often be seen as an emcee at community events to help raise funding for local schools, disadvantaged families, and individuals with disabilities. I know his dedication to our region, as I’ve spent many years next to him at the Applebutter Fest in Grand Rapids, Ohio. Jerry always made time to talk. Mr. Speaker, Jerry Anderson is an institution in Toledo and Northwest Ohio, and while he’ll be sorely missed, I wish him the best of luck in his retirement. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Bill Mitsch for having received the first Odum Award for Ecological Engineering Excellence from the American Ecological Engineering Society in Houston, Texas. As Director of the Everglades Wetland Research Park at Florida Gulf Coast University, he has become a highly respected scientist in the fields of wetland ecology, biogeochemistry, ecological engineering, and ecosystem restoration and modelling. He has taught and inspired generations of scientists to pursue wetlands research through his extensive research on the subject, including writing five editions of a preeminent standard textbook about wetland ecology. Further, he founded the Olentangy River Wetland Research Park, a major research wetlands laboratory at Ohio State University, and has served on the Science Advisory Board of the Environmental Protection Agency to provide his valuable input on wetland restoration. I personally would like to thank Bill for his dedicated efforts and research on the Everglades. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to thank Bertha Alicia Pen˜a of Brownsville, TX for her outstanding contributions as a teacher and administrator for the past 32 years. In May 1974, Ms. Pen˜a received her Associate of Arts from Texas Southmost College in Brownsville, TX. She graduated from Pan American University at Brownsville, Texas in May 1980 and received her Bachelor of Science in Elementary Education. Her passion for teaching drove her to pursue additional educational opportunities. She earned a Bilingual Certification in 1982 and a Master of Arts in Education Administration in 1990 from Pan American University. Ms. Pen˜a’s teaching career began in 1986 with the Brownsville Independent School District (BISD) as a Kindergarten teacher at Villa Nueva Elementary School. She also taught Gifted and Talented Second Grade, Fourth Grade, and Sixth Grade. Ms. Pen˜a became the Assistant Principal at Faulk Intermediate School in 1990 and the Principal at Lopez High School in 1993. She served in that position until 1999, when she was appointed Area Assistant Superintendent for BISD. Her commitment to the educational success of underserved communities continued as she became Executive Director for Project Grad Brownsville from 2003 to 2005. The program, which was first implemented in the summer of 2003, includes the fourweek Summer Bridge Program for incoming ninth graders. Most recently, she served as Assistant Superintendent for Curriculum and Instruction at BISD. I thank Ms. Pen˜a for her unending dedication to shaping the lives of countless young people. While many pursue careers in teaching, Ms. Pen˜a viewed education not as a job, but a calling. She used her classroom experience to improve quality of education and expand opportunities for all students, and South Texas owes her a great debt of gratitude. Mr. Speaker, I honor Bertha Alicia Pen ˜a for her lifetime of public service. I ask my colleagues to join me in wishing her a happy retirement as we celebrate her great legacy of teaching and giving to our children and community. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of Javier Armando Martinez, who passed away Saturday, November 11, 2017. Born to Joey Martinez and Yoli Garza, Javier had four siblings, Vanessa, Veronica, Victoria, and Gustavo. He attended South Middle School in Edinburg, Texas, where he excelled academically. Javier also loved being outside. On any given day, one could find him climbing trees, swimming, or riding his bike with his older brother. On May 19, 2015, Javier, at the age of 11, was diagnosed with Ewing’s Sarcoma, a rare form of bone cancer. Javier bravely fought against the disease, drawing strength and comforts from his parents and siblings who provided him with love and support every step of the way. Mr. Speaker, a brilliant young man was taken away from us before his time. Javier touched the hearts of those around him and 
displayed inspirational courage in the face of adversity. The memories he leaves behind will forever be treasured by all who knew Javier. 
UPON THE OCCASION OF THE 35TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE INCORPORATION OF THE CITY OF EAST PALO ALTO, CALIFORNIA 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise along with my colleague, ANNA ESHOO , to recognize the City of East Palo Alto upon the occasion of its 35th anniversary as an incorporated city in San Mateo County. East Palo Alto is a beautiful community of approximately 30,000 persons nestled between San Francisco Bay and communities to the west. The people of East Palo Alto have always been industrious. As the city entered the 1980’s, its leadership became convinced that this energy needed a focus: Its own city government so that services could flourish and greater economic opportunity could be created. We were both members of the San Mateo County Board of Supervisors during this time, and we supported the incorporation of East Palo Alto because we know that selfdetermination was the best way to deliver opportunity. Passions ran high and the 1982 attempt at incorporation was not successful. However, the second attempt, in 1983, delivered a narrow win of 13 votes. The leadership in this effort was, of course, local and several of those leaders were selected for the first city council. Ms. Barbara Moulton was the first Mayor and today’s Mayor, Mr. Ruben Abrica, served on that first city council. Also serving were Mr. James Blakey Jr., ViceMayor, Mr. F.J. ‘‘Omowale’’ Satterwhite, and Ms. Gertrude Wilkes. East Palo Alto is a community where the love of its original city mothers and fathers endures to this day amongst those who remain. This love has been passed on to multiple waves of new, energetic, leaders as the community underwent tremendous changes during the intervening decades. Since 1983, a police force has been created to replace the patrols of the county Sheriff, and today this department has strong ties to the people that it serves. The city has control over planning and zoning, so the tax base has exploded. Recently, the city negotiated water rights from its neighbors and is now poised to take part in the high technology transformation of longdormant land within its jurisdiction. At one time in its history, East Palo Alto suffered from major crime problems, but the community came together to dramatically improve safety. Today, East Palo Alto’s violent crime rate is comparable to the overall rate of California. Credit goes to city leadership, residents in all neighborhoods, the schools, clergy, and major philanthropies. A new jobs center recently opened and residents are being placed in positions each month. Infrastructure problems that long bedeviled the community are being tackled on a scale that can only be described as gigantic. Flooding has been dramatically reduced due to a multimilliondollar creek project nearing completion, and due to extensive improvements in the city’s storm drain system. Plans exist to upgrade major roads such as Bay Road. A new park at Cooley Landing recently opened, bringing access to the bay closer to the children of East Palo Alto. Coupled with the Bay Trail that runs nearby and along its levees, East Palo Alto is rapidly transforming from a community where the demand for additional police services has receded at the same moment that the demand for a bicycle bridge over Highway 101 succeeded. East Palo Alto is in many ways like any other city in America because its civic spirit is improving the quality of life with the passage of every day. However, unlike many other communities in America, East Palo Alto consciously seeks to build bridges between its residents. This is reflected in the city’s mission statement: The City of East Palo Alto provides responsive, respectful, and efficient public services to enhance the quality of life and safety for its multicultural community. In 1983, skeptics predicted that the residents of East Palo Alto could not financially support a city. They were wrong. In 1983, some predicted that infighting would kill the civic spirit of East Palo Alto. They were wrong. Civic pride, always strong and present, has flourished. In 1983, some wondered if the residents of East Palo Alto could deliver on the promises of incorporation. Today, East Palo Alto is a shining example of the story of America herself. It is thriving and selfgoverning towards an everbrighter future. We celebrate the 35th anniversary of the incorporation of this special place by the bay. East Palo Alto is an outstanding example of democracy in America. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to pay tribute to Dwight Brock, a devoted servant of Collier County who passed away on June 12, 2018. After attending Florida State University and Stetson University, Mr. Brock received a law degree from Nova Law Center. Shortly after obtaining his J.D., he worked in the State Attorney’s Office before he was elected Clerk of Courts for Collier County in 1993. Mr. Brock demonstrated an unmatched dedication to public service, tirelessly fighting for the people he worked to protect. Early in his first term, Brock identified major faults in the business practices of Collier County investment managers. He successfully prosecuted the individuals jeopardizing the financial wellbeing of the county, ensuring the taxpayers’ dollars were well safeguarded. This example of Mr. Brock’s dutiful service to the people of Collier County was an early indicator of the courage and devotion with which he would serve for the rest of his career. Our community mourns the loss of such an honest and faithful public servant. I extend my deepest condolences to his wife, Cheryl, his son, Bradley, and the rest of his loving family and friends. IN RECOGNITION OF KXTN 107.5’S 30TH ANNIVERSARY HON. HENRY CUELLAR 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. CUELLAR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to commemorate KXTN 107.5 radio station of San Antonio, Texas. Tejano music leader, KXTN 107.5, is celebrating a significant milestone this year as 2018 marks its 30th broadcasting anniversary. In an effort to commemorate this achievement, the station has teamed up with over 30 artists and bands for a twoday music festival. Founded on the principle of giving back, KXTN 107.5 has been a leader in many community service initiatives over the years. This includes raising over $1.4 million dollars for the San Antonio Children’s Miracle Network, over $1 million dollars for the St. Jude Children’s Research Hospital and blood donation drives for the South Texas Blood & Tissue Center. KXTN 107.5 has worked to provide listeners with a taste of Hispanic culture and values through its broadcast. The station represents the standard of broadcasting with their unyielding commitment to their listeners. For these reasons and more, the staff and support team of KXTN 107.5 is recognized for their hard work and leadership over the years. Mr. Speaker, I am honored to have the opportunity to recognize KXTN 107.5. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE 25TH ANNIVERSARY OF THE BIOTECHNOLOGY INNOVATION ORGANIZATION (BIO) 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I would like to take this opportunity to congratulate the Biotechnology Innovation Organization (BIO) on the occasion of its 25th anniversary. Over the past quartercentury, BIO has served as the leading voice of the biotechnology industry and has been instrumental in fostering new discoveries that help patients around the world defeat diseases and conditions that were unbeatable only a generation ago. Biotechnology has not only helped drive the United States’ economy forward through the use of renewable and sustainable fuel sources, but it has also helped the world strive to meet the increasing food demands of an evergrowing planet. For the Commonwealth of Massachusetts, as well as in other places across our nation, the biotechnology industry is an integral pillar of innovation and economic development. As the largest representative body of biotechnology companies, academic institutions, state biotechnology centers and related organizations across the United States and in more than 30 other nations, BIO has contributed greatly to the scientific breakthroughs in biotechnology that have benefitted our world. I would also like to honor the memory of Henri A. Termeer, an early biotech visionary and pioneering scientist who was a 
resident of Massachusetts and provided remarkable contributions to the biotechnology industry with his exemplary leadership, insight, and dedication. Mr. Speaker, I would like to reiterate that the Biotechnology Innovation Organization’s commitment to supporting the growing biotechnology industry in our nation has promoted a vast degree of innovation, helped to build a more robust economy, and benefitted a near countless number of patients around the globe. On behalf of the Massachusetts Congressional Delegation, I wish BIO all the best and much continued prosperity. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE LESS CANCER ‘‘SPLIT THE MITT’’ BIKE RIDE IN MICHIGAN 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Less Cancer, founded by Michigander Bill Couzens, to help remediate the alarming increases of cancer diagnosis and raise awareness about cancer risk reduction and prevention strategies. Less Cancer facilitates continuing education for physicians, nurses and public health professionals to highlight the 50 percent of cancers that are preventable, and how to best educate patients on specific contaminants, pollution sources, and healthy lifestyle choices. Less Cancer also founded National Cancer Prevention Day, the National Cancer Prevention Workshop and facilitates the U.S. Congressional Cancer Prevention Caucus. On June 23 and 24, cyclists from all over the country will team up for the Less Cancer ‘‘Split the Mitt’’ Bike Ride, an epic twoday 238mile charity ride through the heart of Michigan. The Less Cancer cycling tradition started in 2012 when Suzi Tobias rode to Mackinac City to honor her friend Aileen O’Brien who lost the battle with cancer. This year’s cyclists will travel from Flint to Traverse City and conclude their overnight ride with a Cancer Prevention and Survivors’ Picnic at the Cowell Family Cancer Center in Traverse City, Michigan. The yearly ride could not happen without the many cyclists that participate year after year including Tom Petzold, Brian Dooms, Dave Toutant, Tricia Petzold, Ed Shumaker, Lars Perkins, Jeanne Petzold, and Andrew Bowman. Tireless volunteers include Melanie Awe, Sue Coughlin, Steve Theil, John Kretzschmar, Miles O’Brien and Ted Shaw along with support from the Less Cancer Board of Directors and Board Chair Donna Eacho. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to join me in honoring Less Cancer’s tireless efforts to highlight cancer prevention strategies, and wish them luck in their yearly bike ride. Nonprofits like Less Cancer are a huge form of support for cancer survivors, their families, and future generations of cancerfree Americans. IN MEMORY OF COL. PETE SERCER HON. JOE WILSON 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, last week South Carolinians were grateful to provide tribute to Col. Pete Sercer who was properly recognized as an American Patriot devoted to inspiring young people for military service at Irmo High School. The following thoughtful obituary is provided by Dunbar Funeral Home: 
COL. PETER EDWARD SERCER , SR., COLUM BIA.—Memorial Service for Col. Peter Edward Sercer, Sr., (USAF, Retired), will be conducted at 11:00 a.m. on Friday, June 8, 2018, at St. Mary’s Episcopal Church with burial in the church’s adjoining Memorial Garden. The Rev. Jill Biemdiek will officiate. A reception will follow in the church’s Parish Hall. Peter Edward ‘‘Eddie’’ Sercer, Sr., 81, peacefully passed away on June 3, 2018, surrounded by love. He is survived by his loving wife, Lesley W. Sercer; sons, Peter E. Sercer, Jr. and Paul L. Sercer. He is also survived by his sister, Frances Smoak, and numerous nieces, nephews, and cousins. Pete was predeceased by his parents, Peter E. Sercer and Marie Blaze Sercer, as well as his siblings, Helen Ross, John Sercer, Richard Sercer, Teresa Sercer, Jesse Shirah, and Caroline Croft. Born on October 19, 1936, in Columbia, South Carolina, Pete graduated from Columbia High School. He earned a Bachelor of Arts in Business from the University of South Carolina, immediately joining the United States Air Force. After serving over 26 years in the Air Force, Pete became the Director of the Irmo High School Air Force JROTC program for 22 years. In addition to his education at the University of South Carolina, Pete earned a Master of Business Administration and Doctor of Education. Community service was an integral part of Pete’s life. He served as a Commissioner of Midlands Technical College for over 26 years and was named Commissioner emeritus. He was active in the Association of Community College Trustees in many capacities, culminating in his serving as National Chairman of the organization in 2010–2011. Pete was a founding member of St. Mary’s Episcopal Church and served on the vestry, building committee, and rector search committee many times. Active in the St. Andrews Rotary Club, Pete served as Club President and Assistant District Governor and was a Rotary Benefactor, 10Star Rotarian, and multiple Paul Harris Fellow. He was a strong supporter of the University of South Carolina Gamecocks, volunteering as a Gamecock Ambassador and Press Box Assistant during football games for many years. During his military career, Pete was awarded the Legion of Merit, Bronze Star Medal, and other decorations. In 2006, he was awarded the Order of the Palmetto in recognition of extraordinary achievements and service to the State and Nation. He was instrumental in the creation of the Irmo High School ‘‘Celebrate Freedom Gardens and Courtyard,’’ dedicated in his honor. Pete Sercer was a good man, a kind man. He never spoke ill of anyone. He was a happy man, an optimistic man, and always had a smile on his face. Pete will be greatly missed, but the memories of the tremendous joy he brought to our lives will always make us smile. The family would like to thank the caring and compassionate staff of Palmetto Health Parkridge and McLeod Home Care. To honor Pete’s life, memorials may be made to the Midlands Technical College Foundation or St. Mary’s Episcopal Church. f THAD WARD 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. FRANCIS ROONEY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Thad Ward on his recent selection by the Boston Red Sox organization in the 2018 MLB draft. Ward, a righthanded pitcher, was selected in the fifth round with the 160th pick. Ward’s high school career was one to be remembered. He was honored as the 2015 NewsPress Player of the Year as a pitcher at Bishop Verot High School. During his college career at the University of Central Florida, Ward pitched in 22 games this past season and compiled a 5–4 record with a 3.27 ERA over 63.5 innings. I would like to congratulate Ward for taking the first step into realm of professional baseball. His hard work and dedication are paying off, and I look forward to hearing about his successes in the future. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, in service to my constituents in Louisiana, I was meeting with Department of Housing and Urban Development Secretary Ben Carson during the vote series on June 13th. This meeting centered on HUD’s administration of the $1.2 Billion appropriation for flood projects in Louisiana, as well as RESTORE programs and general flood recovery in the state. Had I been present, I would have voted Yes on both Roll Call 263 and Roll Call 264. 
HONORING THE LIFE AND LEGACY OF MRS. EVA LOUIS ‘‘TEE EVA’’ PERRY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor the life and legacy of Mrs. Eva Louis ‘‘Tee Eva’’ Perry, the founder of TeeEva’s OldFashioned Pies and Pralines, who died on June 7, 2018 at the age of 83. Mrs. Eva Louis ‘‘Tee Eva’’ Perry was born on the Glendale Plantation of Colonie, Louisiana and grew up in the Magnolia housing project on Washington Avenue. Tee Eva, short for ‘‘Aunt Eva,’’ was the name coined by natives of New Orleans. Her voyage to become the ‘‘New Orleans Queen of Pralines’’ began in 1980 when she became an entrepreneur by sharing her grandmother’s family recipes with the world. Mrs. Perry left New Orleans in the early 1980s and spent seven years in Los Angeles, 
California, where she taught cooking classes and catered private events for political figures and celebrities such as Governor of California Jerry Brown, Phyllis Diller, Sugar Ray Robinson, Mr. T and Zsa Zsa Gabor. In 1987, right after an earthquake, Mrs. Perry decided to leave California and returned to New Orleans, where she rented a small kitchen located in MidCity to make her pies and pralines to sell to local restaurants and businesses. Mrs. Perry became a walking vendor of pies and pralines. She was a frequent visitor at City Hall, where staff would chase her down to buy her baked goods. Mrs. Perry grew that business into a full restaurant on Freret Street in 1991. She ultimately found a permanent home for her much soughtafter cooking on historic Magazine Street near Napoleon Avenue in 1994. The shop moved up Magazine Street in 2009 to the corner of Dufossat Street, where the Tee Eva’s shop has remained for over 15 years. From the walkup window she sold not only baked goods, but also jambalaya, red beans and snowballs. Mrs. Antoinette KDoe, the wife of the legendary singer Mr. Ernie KDoe, was Mrs. Perry third cousin. The two women formed the Paradise Ladies, who always dressed in matching outfits, served as Ernie KDoe’s backup singers. After Ernie KDoe died in 2001, his wife looked for ways to keep his name alive. In 2003, one of her ideas was to revive the baby dolls, a Carnival tradition dating to the early 20th century where African American women dressed in short skirt and bloomers. Antoinette KDoe enlisted Mrs. Perry and Geannie Thomas to help lead a group dubbed the Ernie KDoe Baby Dolls. The Ernie KDoe Baby Dolls continued to gather each year at Carnival, and make special appearances at concerts and cultural events, until Antoinette KDoe died in 2009. Mrs. Perry cooking has been featured in countless magazines such as Elle, Home and Garden, Sherman’s Travel, Country Living, and WilliamsSonoma. Mrs. Perry also became a television regular via the nationally syndicated Food Network program ‘‘Road Tasted’’ with Jamie and Bobby Dean, as well as Anthony Bourdain’s cooking show on the Travel Channel. Tee Eva retired in 2000, passing all of her Creole family recipes to her granddaughter, Keonna Thornton, who to this day fully owns and operates the business. Mrs. Perry lived an extraordinary life that cannot be categorized. Her legacy will forever be a part of the city of New Orleans and her dedication to community embodies the spirit of the city. We cannot match the sacrifices made by Mrs. Perry, but surely we can try to match her sense of service. We cannot match her courage, but we can strive to match her devotion. Mr. Speaker, I celebrate the life and legacy of Mrs. Eva Louis ‘‘Tee Eva’’ Perry. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. FASO. Mr. Speaker, it is with great respect and admiration that I rise today to recognize the prestigious achievements of Mr. Raymond ‘‘Chip’’ Lynch for being named by the ChandlerYoung Veterans Association as the recipient of the President’s Award. This designation is reserved for those special individuals who have dedicated themselves to their community, country, and fellow veterans. Chip is a man of great loyalty and selflessness who bravely served our country in the Dominican Republic and in Vietnam War as a member of the United States Army. During his tour in Vietnam, he sustained a severe leg injury while engaged in combat, which led to many months of hospitalization and therapy. When he was offered medical discharge, he declined it because his calling to serve ‘‘in country’’ was stronger. Despite facing some adversity, his determination and patriotism prevailed, and he returned to Vietnam. Chip has received numerous awards and decorations, including three Bronze Stars, three Purple Hearts, and two Army Commendations for Heroism. Although he finished his tour and received an honorable discharge in the early 1970’s, Chip’s service to our nation has never stopped. For decades, he has been a passionate advocate for veterans throughout Rensselaer County, even saving his local Veterans Post from closure. The President’s Award is a true testament to Chip’s continued legacy of patriotism and steadfast commitment to improving the lives of veterans. I can think of no one more deserving of this honor. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in congratulating Chip on receiving this award. His lifetime of hard work and dedicated service to the United States is inspirational, and I am grateful for his contributions to New York State. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise to honor my constituent, Richard P. Swierat. After 35 years of service, Mr. Swierat will retire from his position as Executive Director of The Arc of Westchester, based in Hawthorne, New York, on Friday, June 15, 2018. Mr. Swierat’ s career began at a time when people with intellectual and developmental disabilities (I/DD) experienced widespread mistreatment. Throughout his time at the Arc of Westchester. Mr. Swierat has tirelessly dedicated himself towards fighting injustice in order to shed light on the promise and potential of the I/DD community. Under Mr. Swierat’s leadership, The Arc of Westchester has been on the vanguard of numerous improvements for people with IIDD living in Westchester County. Preschoolers with IIDD, who once were confined to selfcontained classrooms, now learn in inclusionary settings, and adults with IIDD can now seek paid communitybased employment instead of sheltered workshops. Mr. Swierat has influenced members of the community, in both government and business, and has been critical to helping countless individuals with I/DD live, work, and prosper in the communities that they have always called home. Mr. Swierat is a member of the Board of Directors of the Business Council of Westchester, sits on many state and national boards related to the field of developmental disabilities and is an adjunct professor at Western Connecticut State University’s Ancell School of Business. He received an Honorary Doctorate of Humane Letters at Mercy College’s 2018 Commencement Ceremony in May for collaborating with the College to make technology available to support people with learning and cognitive delays. Mr. Speaker, I urge my fellow Members of Congress to join me in expressing thanks to Mr. Swierat for his 35 years of outstanding service, commitment and energy to the Arc Movement and to people with disabilities everywhere. f 
UPON THE OCCASION OF THE RETIREMENT OF KEVIN MILLER, CITY MANAGER, FOSTER CITY 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Ms. SPEIER. Mr. Speaker, I rise to recognize Kevin Miller as he retires from his position as City Manager of Foster City. Mr. Miller has served as a city employee for a total of 33 years. He began in the Parks and Recreation Department and, for 23 years, was Director of that department. For the past three years, he’s been City Manager. Throughout this time, Kevin Miller has been an outstanding example of candor and thoughtfulness in public service. Foster City is a community of 34,000 people located on the shores of San Francisco Bay. It is a jewel, with waterways throughout and a culture of physical fitness and activity that would make an Olympic athlete feel at home just going to the local Starbucks. Residents can be found jogging along the levee in the predawn hours, swimming at Gull Park on a Saturday morning, and playing at the assorted soccer, tennis, and baseball facilities throughout the year. The city’s website lists 5 parks in a community of 20 square miles. The only thing missing from this exciting community is a bobsled trackFoster City lacks even a molehill, let alone any genuine inclined land. Former Parks and Recreation Director Kevin Miller, backed by countless active citizens and city council members, is a key reason that this city pulses with athletic joy and energy. He led the charge to create these facilities and to nurture them over decades. He envisioned public places where families could relax or explore or yell and shout. He found land where geese can roam and where rabbits still chew the grass in the early morning. When the Fourth of July fireworks soar over the city’s waterways, its residents ply the lagoons and canals in tiny boats. Kevin Miller is a decadeslong leader in the creation of opportunities for healthy celebration, adventure, and play. A few years back, a longtime City Manager retired and the City Council naturally selected Mr. Miller as the successor. It was an easy selection for a challenging time. The Foster City levee had just lost its accreditation by FEMA, and suddenly the person at the tip of the organizational spear was forced to confront a project that eventually penciled out to $90 million. In the past few weeks, the voters confirmed the judgment of the city council, Kevin and other leaders on his team when 80 percent chose to fix the levee. Protecting lives 
and property is Job No. 1 of the City Council, the City Manager, and the highly respected public employees of Foster City. In addition to serving as City Manager and Parks and Recreation Director, Kevin Miller has participated in economic development, housing and other activities during his time in public service. He has the confidence of the business community because he runs a businesslike operation at city hall. It was many years ago that Kevin graduated from Chico State with a bachelor’s degree in parks and recreation administration. He ultimately assumed statewide leadership positions in the Parks and Recreation Association, served on the county’s library authority, and assumed positions of regional oversight. He now says that he wishes to spend more time with Loretta, his wife of 35 years, and their adult children, Jacqueline and Leslie. He’s earned it, and we understand if he does more golfing in the future than he has in the past. However, he will be missed. If they could, even the seagulls would give thanks for his leadership because, despite admonishments by their parents to the contrary, children in the parks that Kevin created still love to feed the gulls. So let me take a moment to note these salutes to the thoughtfulness and professional judgment of Kevin Miller from the children whose smiles he helped to nurture, from the parents whose homes he helped to secure, from the city employees whose spirits he elevated, from the public safety personnel he strongly supported, from the city councilmembers whose confidence he earned, and from the wildlife who eat well because Kevin left room for their needs when he planned public spaces. Mr. Speaker, Kevin Miller is the John Philip Sousa of public management. The public is inspired by his work, and he’ll leave this chapter of his life with everyone who knows him tapping their toes and moving to his beat as he goes through the door. 
IN RECOGNITION OF THE CAREER AND SERVICE OF NORTH BALTIMORE’S BONNIE KNAGGS 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I want to recognize the commitment and dedication of longtime reporter and editor, Bonnie Knaggs, who recently retired as editor of the North Baltimore News. Bonnie has dedicated more than half of her life to reporting the news and has done a wonderful job serving the North Baltimore community. A Bloom Township native and graduate of North Baltimore High School, Bonnie has been a village resident for 80 years. What initially began as a hobby taking picture out of her apartment windows soon transitioned into a career in newspapers. In 1959, Bonnie started work at North Baltimore News selling newspaper subscriptions before being named editor just six years later. Throughout her decadeslong career, Bonnie has served as a bookkeeper, photographer, and reporter. Her work as editor for the newspaper helped ensure that residents could stay uptodate on what was happening in their community. Bonnie helped cover some of the most important moments in her community including the installation of the first traffic lights and a massive fire at the Trout furniture building downtown. I want to thank her for her years of service to North Baltimore and wish her all the best in her wellearned retirement. f 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, with fourteen legislative weeks left in 2018, it is imperative the Congress take up legislation to provide the United States Postal Service with the legislative relief that it needs to stabilize its finances, modernize its business model, and return to solvency in order to continue to provide dependable service to millions of Americans across this country who rely on it. Last year, the House Committee on Oversight and Government Reform approved the Postal Service Reform Act of 2017 (H.R. 756) by voice vote. Throughout the process, the Committee worked with the United States Postal Service, private sector stakeholders, and the postal unions in order to report a bill that has near unanimous support. Unfortunately, shortly after the Oversight and Government Reform Committee approved H.R. 756, thenChairman Chaffetz retired from the House of Representatives, leaving the bill without a primary sponsor. That is why I am pleased to join my friend Representative MARK MEADOWS to reintroduce the Postal Service. Reform Act (H.R. 6076) with the language that the Oversight and Government Reform reported out last year. Like last year’s bill, H.R. 6076 would sustain sixday delivery, which provides vital services to millions of Americans and thousands of businesses across the nation. The bill would require the Postal Service to establish and follow a rigorous, empirical, and transparent process when evaluating whether to close postal retail or processing facilities, while empowering the Postal Regulatory Commission with the authority to review and overturn closure decisions. Additionally, the bill would authorize the Postal Service to modernize its business model through innovative service enhancements, such as colocating retail and government services with postal facilities. This reform would not only boost revenue, but increase convenience to everyday Americans who would benefit from being able to simultaneously renew their drivers licenses while mailing a package. Most importantly, the bill would fix a problem Congress created by providing the Postal Service with relief from the onerous and unnecessarily high prepayment requirements for the Postal Retirement Health Benefit. The Postal Service plays an important role in the lives of every American and a critical role for our country’s economy. Unlike private companies who pick and choose their customers, set their own rates, and can decide to deliver mail and packages only where it is financially beneficial, the Postal Service has a universal service obligation to deliver mail six days a week to every part of America—rural or urban—for the same price. In fact, companies such as FedEx and UPS use the Postal Service to do ‘‘last mile’’ delivery for many packages in rural areas. And for many Americans, the Postal Service is the only option for them to pay their bills or receive communication and packages, including medicine and goods that they may not otherwise have access to. Postal Service operations are solely funded by sales revenue from postal products and services. However, the Postal Service faces two obstacles as it attempts to find financial stability and even become profitable. First, with the rise of electronic communications, the Postal Service has experienced a drastic decline in mail volume. In 2008, the USPS delivered 202.7 billion pieces of mail. In each year since 2008, mail volume has declined and in 2017, that number had fallen to 149.5 billion pieces of mail. Unfortunately, the Postal Service mail volume is likely to continue to decline and it is difficult to imagine a scenario where mail volume will go back to the same levels as last decade. The main driver of the Postal Service’s dire financial situation is the requirement that it, unlike any other federal entity, is required to prepay all employee health care benefits, 75 years into the future. The Postal Service first raised concerns about the aggressive payment plan mandated under the Postal Accountability and Enhancement Act (P.L. 109–435) in 2010. That problem was not created by the U.S. Postal Service, the Postmaster General, or its hardworking men and women. Rather, it was Congress that imposed this shortsighted policy decision. For that reason, the responsibility falls on Congress to restore financial stability to the Postal Service. Without Congressional action to relieve the Postal Service of the prefunding requirement or a drastic change in mail volume, the Postal Service has reported a financial loss for 11 straight years. In fiscal year 2017, the Postal Service posted a loss of $2.7 billion. More recently, the Postal Service reported a net loss of $1.3 billion for the second quarter of fiscal year 2018 alone, more than doubling its losses in the same period a year ago. With declining revenues and increasing unfunded liabilities, the Postal Service is being forced into a downward spiral of cutting services, losing revenue, further downsizing, and eventual bankruptcy. However, there is room for hope. While mail volume is declining, the Postal Service’s package delivery service has been one of the few areas of growth in Postal Service revenues, experiencing doubledigit increases in recent years and accounting for nearly 30 percent of its operating revenue in fiscal year 2017. In fact, the demand for the Postal Service to deliver packages for Amazon, FedEx, UPS, and other retailers is so great, that package delivery has expanded to seven days—a competitive edge for the Postal Service. The Postal Service’s package delivery services not only help mitigate losses in other areas, but provide the American people with lowcost services for retail purchases. After more than 9 years and many stalled efforts, leaders in Congress have arrived at a bipartisan framework for postal reform. The effort enjoys support from industry, labor, Democrats, and Republicans—not an insignificant feat. Is it perfect? Did every stakeholder get 
exactly what they wanted? Of course not. But tackling big issues demands collaboration and compromise. While it is easy to identify the many challenges that ail the Postal Service, missing from almost any serious diagnosis is the fundamental albatross around the Service’s. neck. Some would advocate that there is a simple, easy, and perfect solution to restore the Postal Service. They offer their own purity test, impervious to new information, pragmatic considerations, and all context, for what must be included in a reform bill. It would be foolish to let perfect be the enemy of the good. Rather than relitigate the discrete disagreements that guarantee its demise, our coalition has a worthy proposal that can save the Service. That should be the focus. 
INTRODUCTION OF THE DISTRICT OF COLUMBIA POLICE HOME RULE ACT 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Ms. NORTON. Mr. Speaker, today, I introduce the District of Columbia Police Home Rule Act. This bill is necessary to eliminate the President’s authority to federalize the Metropolitan Police Department (MPD), the local District of Columbia police department. The President has no authority to federalize any other local or state police department, and no president has tried to federalize MPD. Under the Home Rule Act, ‘‘whenever the President . . . determines that special conditions of an emergency nature exist which require the use of the [MPD] for Federal purposes, he may direct the Mayor to provide him, and the Mayor shall provide, such services of the [MPD] as the President may deem necessary and appropriate.’’ Under the section of the Home Rule Act that would be repealed by this bill, the President may federalize MPD for a period of not more than 30 days, unless a resolution passed by Congress extending such federalization is enacted into law. Congress may also terminate the federalization at any time by enacting a resolution. This bill is necessary, even with these protections, because, under the principle of home rule, the President should not have control over the District’s local police department. While it does not appear that a President has exercised this authority over MPD, this latent power is totally unnecessary, should not exist and is an affront to MPD, which has always voluntarily assisted federal authorities. MPD’s first responsibility is to protect District residents and visitors, and it must always remain under the authority of the D.C. mayor to accomplish its mission. Moreover, federalization is outdated in light of current practice. MPD regularly assists the federal government as a matter of comity, not as an arm of the federal government, just as I am sure other local police departments do in the region. There are approximately 30 federal police departments under the President’s control in the District. In the case of a federal emergency, the President can unilaterally deploy these federal officers, as well as the D.C. National Guard, to address it, and also request the support of our local police department, as the President would do in any other jurisdiction. This is an important step to increase home rule for the District, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. 
IN THE HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES  Friday, June 15, 2018 Mr. MEADOWS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Sheriff Jack Van Duncan of Buncombe County, North Carolina. I would like to express my gratitude to Sheriff Duncan for his 32 years of serving and protecting the citizens of Western North Carolina. Sheriff Van Duncan was born in Spruce Pine, North Carolina and graduated from Mitchell County High School. Sheriff Van Duncan began his career in Law Enforcement in 1986, after graduating from Western Carolina University with a bachelor’s degree in Criminal Justice. Sheriff Van Duncan went on to graduate from the Administrative Officer’s Management Program at North Carolina State University in 1993. Over the course of his career, Sheriff Van Duncan has worked at the Weaverville and Asheville police departments, as well as the Biltmore Estate, where he served as chief of company police for six years. While with the Buncombe County Sheriff’s office, he proudly served as a Patrolman, Patrol Sergeant, Patrol Lieutenant, and Detective during his years as a Deputy. He worked as an Instructor in the Management and Supervision Section for the North Carolina Justice Academy for two and a half years before being elected Sheriff in 2006. Sheriff Van Duncan has served as Sheriff for Buncombe County for 12 years. Sheriff Van Duncan has had many accomplishments as Sheriff over the last 12 years. He earned the respect of his colleagues by leading with integrity and restoring good order within the Sheriff’s Department. Not only that, he has been an innovator for helping the children in Buncombe County by starting the On Track Leadership Program to help rising eighth and ninth graders with good decision making skills. He has also been instrumental in starting a juvenile diversion program that will help young people avoid obtaining a criminal record. Sheriff Van Duncan has consistently displayed professionalism and candor during his time in office and focused on meeting the needs of the people in Buncombe County. He has deeply impacted the lives of the people he proudly served for 12 years, and it is my distinct honor to recognize his outstanding work and express the best wishes of the people of Western North Carolina to Sheriff Van Duncan on the occasion of his retirement. 
The Senate was not in session and stands adjourned until 3 p.m., on Monday, June 18, 2018. Committee Meetings 
Public Bills and Resolutions Introduced: 10 public bills, H.R. 6122–6131; and 1 resolution, H. Res. 946 were introduced.
Reports Filed: There were no reports filed today. Speaker: Read a letter from the Speaker wherein he appointed Representative Bost to act as Speaker pro tempore for today.
Journal: The House agreed to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal by voice vote.
Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act: The House passed H.R. 2851, to amend the Controlled Substances Act to clarify how controlled substance analogues are to be regulated, by a recorded vote of 239 ayes to 142 noes, Roll No. 268.
Pursuant to the Rule, it shall be in order to consider as an original bill for the purpose of amendment under the fiveminute rule an amendment in the nature of a substitute consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–74, in lieu of the amendment in the nature of a substitute recommended by the Committee on the Judiciary. 
Agreed to: Griffith amendment (No. 1 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–751) that incorporates an interagency agreement transmitted to Congress by the Office of National Drug Control Policy (ONDCP), the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) and the U.S. Department of Justice (DOJ); clarifies when the Attorney General can temporarily and permanently schedule a drug or substance to the newly created schedule A and prevents the Attorney General from permanently scheduling that drug or substance if the Secretary of HHS determines that there is not sufficient potential for abuse; also clarifies under what circumstances an applicant for a schedule A registration may continue to conduct research with such schedule A substance while their application is pending, among their research accommodations;                                                                        Pages H5215–16 
Jackson Lee amendment (No. 2 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–751) that strikes sentencing commission provision;
Sean Patrick Maloney (NY) amendment (No. 3 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–751) that requires the Drug Enforcement Administration to make available a report on controlled substance analogues sold by means of the internet; and 
Thornberry amendment (No. 4 printed in part A of H. Rept. 115–751) that specifies the factors to determine whether a controlled substance analogue is intended for human consumption, thus making it easier for law enforcement and health officials to take action against synthetic drug manufacturers, distributors, and sellers (by a recorded vote of 223 ayes to 158 noes, Roll No. 267).
H. Res. 934, the rule providing for consideration of the bills (H.R. 2851), (H.R. 5735), and (H.R. 5788) was agreed to Wednesday, June 13th. Meeting Hour: Agreed by unanimous consent that when the House adjourns today, it adjourn to meet at 12 noon on Tuesday, June 19th for Morning Hour debate.
Quorum Calls—Votes: Two recorded votes developed during the proceedings of today and appear on pages H5220 and H5221. There were no quorum calls. Adjournment: The House met at 9 a.m. and adjourned at 11:38 a.m. 
MISCELLANEOUS MEASURE Committee on Appropriations: Subcommittee on Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies held a markup on the FY 2019 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill. The FY 2019 Labor, Health and Human Services, Education, and Related Agencies Appropriations Bill was forwarded to the full Committee, without amendment. THE STATE OF U.S. PUBLIC HEALTH BIOPREPAREDNESS: RESPONDING TO BIOLOGICAL ATTACKS, PANDEMICS, AND EMERGING INFECTIOUS DISEASE OUTBREAKS Committee on Energy and Commerce: Subcommittee on Oversight and Investigations held a hearing entitled ‘‘The State of U.S. Public Health Biopreparedness: Responding to Biological Attacks, Pandemics, and Emerging Infectious Disease Outbreaks’’. Testimony was heard from the following Department of Health and Human Services officials: Rick A. Bright, Director, Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, and Deputy Assistant Secretary, Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response; Anthony Fauci, Director, National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, National Institutes of Health; Rear Admiral Denise Hinton, Chief Scientist, U.S. Food and Drug Administration; and Anne Schuchat, Principal Deputy Director, Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. Joint Meetings 
TRUMP ADMINISTRATION’S RUSSIA POLICY Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: Commission received a briefing on the Trump Administration’s Russia policy from Herman Pirchner, Jr., American Foreign Policy Council, and Alina Polyakova, Brookings Institution, both of Washington, D.C.; and Yulia Latynina, Echo Moskvy and Novaya Gazeta, Moscow, Russia. 
Committee on the Judiciary: to hold hearings to examine the Inspector General’s first report on Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation actions in advance of the 2016 presidential election, 2 p.m., SH–216. 
Commission on Security and Cooperation in Europe: to receive a briefing on corruption in Ukraine’s energy sector, 3:30 p.m., SD–G11. 
Next Meeting of the SENATE 3 p.m., Monday, June 18 
Program for Monday: Senate will resume consideration of H.R. 5515, National Defense Authorization Act, post cloture, and vote on a motion to waive a budget point of order thereon, followed by a vote on passage of the bill, at 5:30 p.m. Following disposition of H.R. 5515, Senate will vote on the motion to invoke cloture on the motion to proceed to consideration of H.R. 5895, Energy and Water, Legislative Branch, and Military Construction and Veterans Affairs Appropriations Act. Next Meeting of the HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES 12 noon, Tuesday, June 19 
HOUSE Connolly, Gerald E., Va., E854 Crowley, Joseph, N.Y., E850 Cuellar, Henry, Tex., E851 Dingell, Debbie, Mich., E852 Faso, John J., N.Y., E853 Gianforte, Greg, Mont., E849 Gonzalez, Vicente, Tex., E850 Graves, Garret, La., E842 Latta, Robert E., Ohio, E850, E854 Lowey, Nita M., N.Y., E849, E853 Meadows, Mark, N.C., E849, E855 Neal, Richard E., Mass., E851 Norton, Eleanor Holmes, The District of Columbia, E855 Richmond, Cedric L., La., E849, E852 Rooney, Francis, Fla., E849, E850, E851, E852 Speier, Jackie, Calif., E851, E853 Vela, Filemon, Tex., E850 Wilson, Joe, S.C., E852 