Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, millions of American families will be enjoying the bounty of our great Nation at this very special time of the year without realizing that their tax dollars are subsiding Saudi war crimes in Yemen. It is estimated that every 10 minutes, another Yemeni child dies from starvation, disease, or bombs made in America. President Trump has basically delegated his policy in this region to the Saudis, even after the murder and dismemberment of an American resident directly linked to the crown prince. That has not been enough to alter American policy. So today, once again, a number of us are calling directly and respectfully on Speaker PAULRYANto stop the blockade on behalf of President Trump and allow this House to vote—vote now—on what has already been approved by the United States Senate on a strong bipartisan basis, a resolution to withdraw U.S. support from the Saudi forces in the murderous war in Yemen. Let’s stop America’s role in the worst humanitarian disaster in the world today. 
FAREWELL (Mr. SMITH of Texas asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, it is not easy to summarize 32 years in Congress, but I will try. Politics comes from the Greek word ‘‘polites,’’ meaning citizens, and they are the source of our country’s strength. What I remember most, what was especially meaningful, what made me feel fortunate were the colleagues I served with, the people I worked with, and the constituents we helped. To my colleagues, thank you for your public service. You didn’t have to leave families behind or spend extra hours every week in a car or on a plane, but you did it with a genuine desire to advance America’s worthy interests. To my staff members, past and present, in the D.C. and Texas offices and on the committees I chaired, thank you for your dedication and for advising me on legislation and votes and for assisting thousands of constituents. To my constituents, thank you for trusting me to represent you all these good years. It has been a wonderful honor. THE WALLS IN BAGHDAD HAVE COME DOWN (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, The Wall Street Journal last week reported that the ‘‘Baghdad Blast Walls Come Down.’’ It explained that ‘‘the Iraqi Government marked the first anniversary of the Islamic State’s defeat Monday by reopening parts of Baghdad’s Green Zone.’’ Iraqi forces, along with support from the U.S.led alliance, reclaimed the last of Islamic State territory last December. The article notes that ‘‘the changes at the Green Zone reflect declining violence across Iraq that is particularly tangible in Baghdad, and further states that: ‘‘Over 1,000 streets in Baghdad have been reopened during the past 2 years, with 70,000 segments of concrete blast wall removed. The number of civilians killed across Iraq by terrorism, violence, and armed conflict in November fell to its lowest level in 6 years, according to the United Nations.’’ As a grateful dad who has had two of my four military sons serve in Iraq, I am particularly happy for the Iraqi people. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and may we never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. f 
WREATHS ACROSS AMERICA IN PROSPECT PARK (Ms. WILD asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. WILD. Mr. Speaker, this past weekend, volunteers across the country honored fallen servicemembers on National Wreaths Across America Day. While the focal point of this national day of remembrance is the laying of wreaths at Arlington National Cemetery, ceremonies also took place at local cemeteries across the country. I had the honor of participating in a wreathlaying ceremony in Prospect Park, Pennsylvania, a tiny borough no more than a mile square, in Delaware County. On a raw and rainy Saturday, 2 weeks before Christmas, nearly 50 community members turned out to lay wreaths upon veterans’ graves at an historic cemetery atop Prospect Hill. Among those honored was George Wood, a soldier who lost his life at Gettysburg on July 7, 1863. As we stood in the drizzle, listening to ‘‘Taps,’’ I thought about the many ways in which people served their communities. Obviously, those who serve in our Armed Forces commit to providing the ultimate service. But on that hilltop last weekend, there were so many others willing to spend the time to step up with their neighbors, honor the sacrifice of others, and bring a community together. I want to recognize Joyce Foresman Capuzzi, the nurse who learned about the Wreaths Across America program and brought her neighbors together to have it in Prospect Park. I want to recognize Reverend Chris Hensley Terrell, the pastor of Prospect Hill Baptist Church, which hosted the event. But the event wouldn’t have been the success that it was without the participation of other volunteers, the members of the Prospect Park Borough Council, the Prospect Park Volunteer Fire Department, and local veterans and their families. There was also great support from the local elementary school principal and students at Prospect Park Elementary, many of whom helped lay wreaths. I want to thank all these community members for allowing me to participate in their ceremony, and I thank them for their service. f 
SYRIA (Mr. HILL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HILL. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise on the House floor to object to President Trump’s decision to withdraw all U.S. troops from Syria. I encourage the President to remember the poor decision of the Obama administration in 2011, when the United States announced its withdrawal from a ‘‘stable Iraq.’’ ISIS is not defeated and may have as many as 30,000 fighters remaining in Syria. Atrocities being committed by the brutal dictator, Assad, and his henchmen, including Russia and Iran, will now continue with impunity. This opens the door for Iran to consolidate gains. I am especially concerned with the tragic consequences this will have months and years down the road. The United States policy in Syria must ensure the lasting defeat of ISIS, roll back Iranian influence, and achieve a political solution to the crisis. I echo the late John McCain and his message from 2011, as it applies today. This decision is a ‘‘sad case of political expediency supplanting military necessity.’’ 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 88, SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION ACT; PROVIDING FOR PROCEEDINGS DURING THE PERIOD FROM DECEMBER 24, 2018, THROUGH JANUARY 3, 2019 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1180 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 1180 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to take from the 
Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 88) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Ways and Means or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11587. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion. SEC. 2. On any legislative day of the second session of the One Hundred Fifteenth Congress after December 23, 2018— (a) the Journal of the proceedings of the previous day shall be considered as approved; and (b) the Chair may at any time declare the House adjourned to meet at a date and time, within the limits of clause 4, section 5, article I of the Constitution, to be announced by the Chair in declaring the adjournment. SEC. 3. The Speaker may appoint Members to perform the duties of the Chair for the duration of the period addressed by section 2 of this resolution as though under clause 8(a) of rule I. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. YODER ). The gentleman from Texas is recognized for 1 hour. b0915 Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. TORRES ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, thank you and Merry Christmas. It is also Merry Christmastime to the American people, Mr. Speaker, as Congress moves to its final resolution for this term. Mr. Speaker, we can’t forget that there is important work that is still to be done. The American people sent us here to do work and expect us to do that. Today I lay before the House the Rules Committee Print 115–87, the text of the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 88. Now, that may sound pretty pro forma, just like a normal bill, but, Mr. Speaker, what is in here is not a normal bill. In fact, it is a compilation of things which we do every year that are called tax extenders because we have been unable, necessarily, to agree on them for a longer term. So, one year to the next year to the next year, we gather together before we leave, and we normally come to an agreement. We have done this virtually every year I have been in Congress. We say on a bipartisan basis and a bicameral basis: Let’s make sure that we take care of the things that have not been taken care of on a longer basis now. What might that mean, Mr. Speaker? Well, that means that we, as a body, need to be responsible and understand that during the year there have been a number of circumstances also that contributed to people needing tax help. Some of them are fires. Some of them are earthquakes. Some of them are the changing of the circumstances back home where we are trying to make sure that the Tax Code is updated in this tax year now so that if someone—for instance, if they are in a California wildfire—loses everything they have got, they know that Congress has passed laws that help them as they move forward to rebuild their home, to make decisions about their future. It could be, Mr. Speaker, that a lot of work that the gentlewoman from Kansas, who is a member of the Ways and Means Committee, one of your colleagues on that committee, had done to make sure that any whistleblower who saw something that was going wrong at work for taxrelated matters is protected. These are important issues. But they are also important because there are broader activities, and they deal with taxation that was put into the Affordable Care Act. It is called ObamaCare, but it is the Affordable Care Act from years back. What this Republican Congress has done is shielded, protected the American people from many of the devastating effects, notwithstanding that this Congress and the President, President Trump, signed the law that takes away the individual mandate—not the business mandate but the individual mandate. But, Mr. Speaker, there are still three hugely onerous provisions that still lag on from that piece of legislation. Embedded in that is something called the medical device tax. The medical device tax is a tax on the newest technology—not, Mr. Speaker, on the sale of that to where, okay, Uncle Sam wants a little bit more of that, but the onerous part is it is on the manufacture. And when you put a tax on the manufacturing piece, that means that that product is not produced in an effective, efficient way. That means that they are produced one at a time because, upon that manufacture, the tax has to be paid, not upon the sale. It is something we fought on, I thought on a bipartisan basis, but it seems like today it is simply partisan, simply only Republicans, really, when it comes down to it, who are for doing away with the medical device tax. There is something called the Cadillac tax. That is the Democratic Party’s and President Obama’s idea of you really shouldn’t have better healthcare than somebody else, and if you do, we are going to tax that asset. It is at the heart of the Affordable Care Act. This Cadillac tax has been, every single year, deferred, stopped, agreed to. We are not going to apply that Cadillac tax, because it is on people, many of them who work for unions, people who have earned the right to have the healthcare that they have but the Democratic Party wants to tax it. Lastly, the healthcare tax. And that is a tax on every single person that has a healthcare policy. It is about $70. That means that every single American is going to pay an extra tax because they have healthcare. These are things that the Republican Party had worked on, and we thought we were, on a bipartisan basis, going to take care of these issues. We find out, really, today, that is not true. But I think we found out around election time the real effort for the Democratic Party. It is called H.R. 676, Medicare for All. Mr. Speaker, to those of us who have looked at the bill, section 102 lays out every single piece part of healthcare that you could think of, from an audiologist, to a dentist, to a person who may provide massage therapy. Section 104 in that bill outlaws all private health insurance in America if a piece part that was in section 102 is provided or paid for by a health insurer. It outlaws all private insurance. What does that also mean? That means employerprovided insurance under H.R. 676, section 104. So, Mr. Speaker, sometimes you have got to read to the end of the book or watch the end of the movie to see exactly what the plot and the theme is. Mr. Speaker, we have, for the last 8 years, been going down a pathway of thinking that what we were doing was really bipartisan, that our colleagues on the Democratic Party were really opposed to the Cadillac tax because they consented and agreed to it, voted for it, that the medical device tax was something that they understood would cause great harm and increase prices and deny people to get the best technology. We thought they were going along with this. We thought they understood how important it was not to tax medical devices, the latest technology that saves lives. And we thought that they understood that the healthcare tax of $70 on every single health insurance plan in this country was probably a bad idea after we already had the Affordable Care Act signed into law. I find out now I was wrong. I was wrong, and I think the American people were fooled. The medical device tax, the Cadillac tax, and the healthcare tax are in this package, along with the ability to help the people in California and on the West Coast and other people who were a part of natural disasters, people who are seeking help where they are finding an employer doing something wrong, to give them that needed opportunity to protect themselves, a safe harbor. So much is being done in here at the end of the year, but that is not the 
story that was told at the Rules Committee. The story that was told is: Oh, this is just about the top 1 percent. This is just about a special deal. Mr. Speaker, that is a long way from, not just the facts of the case, but the truth. So I am here, as chairman of the Rules Committee, bringing to the floor an opportunity to, once again, do as we have done in the past to say the healthcare tax, the medical device tax, the Cadillac tax—we are asking my colleagues to join with us. It is a very genuine offer. It is an offer that has been extended and accepted for the past few years, since the Affordable Care Act passed. It is the right thing to do. So I will ask each of the Members of this body to pay attention, to see what is in there, help the people who have been a part of natural disasters this year. Let’s get this package done. It is the right thing to do. And I can sincerely look at you, Mr. Speaker, and say thank you. Thank you for your years of service, but thank you for making sure that we were faithful to the end. Even though it is starting to look a lot like Christmas, we still have to do our work. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman from Texas for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, this rule represents many of the failures of the 115th Congress. To put it succinctly, the legislation before us is a bill which has absolutely no chance of passing into law and a bill that will add billions—billions—of dollars to our national debt. I guess this is a Merry Christmas to those who hold our national debt, but this is not what our constituents sent us to do here. They sent us here to work together and find compromise in order to make our communities, their lives, better. This rule makes in order the Senate amendment to H.R. 88, Shiloh National Military Park Boundary Adjustment and Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield Designation Act. But it is more accurate to say this is the GOP’s second tax scam. Instead of taking this opportunity to use our remaining time here to actually accomplish something, our vote today on this rule will prove to be meaningless. The Senate is leaving town and has left us just a few items that we can accomplish, and this isn’t one of them. However, one item that is ready for passage is Savanna’s Act. Mr. Speaker, Native American women face a murder rate 10 times higher than the national average, with 84 percent experiencing some form of violence in their lifetime. The Violence Against Women Reauthorization Act of 2013 and the Tribal Law and Order Act have helped bring attention to the high rates of violence against Native women. However, there is still no reliable way of knowing how many Native women go missing each year because the databases that hold statistics of these cases are extremely outdated and in need of reform. Congress hasn’t paid attention to the lives of Native American women. That is why I joined Senator HEITKAMP in introducing Savanna’s Act earlier this year, named after Savanna Greywind, a pregnant, 22yearold North Dakota woman and member of the Spirit Lake Nation, who was murdered in 2017. Savanna’s Act would require the Department of Justice to finally keep a nationwide database of missing and murdered Native women. This is common sense. It passed the Senate unanimously last month. b0930 One Member—one Member of this body—has decided to prevent us from passing Savanna’s Act, and the rest have capitulated, one Member standing in the way of finally doing the right thing for Native women, American women, women who are victims of crime. Shameful, and shame on this body for allowing this and not taking this last week of the 115th Congress to finally bring about some justice to these cases. Now, one thing that this body, the 115th Congress, has been really good for in the face of tragedy has been moments of silence, and that is why, today, I want to take some time that we have left to have a moment of silence. Mr. Speaker, I would like my colleagues to join me in a moment of silence for Savanna. Mr. Speaker, instead of taking action on Savanna’s Act, we are asked to vote on this rule to pass a tax bill which has been crafted in secret and has no chance of becoming law, when we could be doing something for justice, for truth, for victims of crime. This is the 115th Congress. Good riddance. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. 
Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the argument that we are involved in today is whether we are going to, as this body, on a bipartisan, bicameral basis, understand that it is about hundreds of billions of dollars. It is about hundreds of billions of dollars that the American people have been spared from. Mr. Speaker, we are not undertaxed. We spend too much money. But that is not what this is about. What this is about is control. This is about the control that some in this body want over people’s lives. This is not about whether we are going to arbitrarily cause the Federal Government to be in trouble over a Cadillac tax, a medical device tax, a healthcare tax and blame that on greedy people back home who, by virtue of them wanting to have healthcare and robust healthcare and better healthcare but somebody in Washington does not want them to have it and blames them on being greedy for what might be billions of dollars when you add up everybody across the country; this is about control. This is about controlling people’s lives. And, Mr. Speaker, I will once again say it. I had thought, during these years, we came to an agreement that the Cadillac tax, the medical device tax, the healthcare tax, things that happened during the year, whether they be tornadoes, whether they be wildfires, whether they be other circumstances, would still be able to be reached on a bipartisan, bicameral basis. After all, President Obama signed these into law. After all, the American people understood that their gift for being gracious and working and doing the right thing shouldn’t be an onerous tax. After all, many people who live, as an example, in Minnesota could look up and see where their two Democratic Senators fought hard to make sure this medical device tax that was the lynchpin for tens of thousands of jobs in medical innovation, that we could get together and work together. Now we find out, no, that is wrong. That is wrong. What we want is we want that $180 billion. We want that. You can’t have that, and we are going to tax you because we can, because we can control your life and the outcome of your healthcare; because, actually, those who have great healthcare, yours is greedy, so we are going to tax it. So, Mr. Speaker, that is why the Republican Party in the House of Representatives is here today, as stalwarts of not just the middle class of this country but stalwarts of people who understand people get up and go to work—yes, the union worker, too. That union worker will find out, loud and clear, the party that was for taxing their healthcare, their working healthcare. The people in these States, where medical devices are robust and made America at the top of the world, they will understand. And the people, who are average families like those in Dallas, Texas, which I proudly represent, they will understand somebody was for taxing them further and somebody tried to continue what we have done now for years and not tax them on their healthcare. So it is about control, and I am sure we will find out, as the new year comes around, about H.R. 676, Medicare for All, that will outlaw all employerprovided private healthcare in this country. That is what the bill says. It is very plain. Section 104 gets right to it. That is what this is about. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, does the gentleman from Texas have any more speakers? Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I do not. Mrs. TORRES. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, it is just about time to finish up here and return home for the holidays, time to see our loved ones and give them a hug. But for Savanna’s family and the countless other Native American families destroyed because of this violence, there will be no return home for them, and we will have failed these families by not passing Savanna’s Act today. Instead, we are here because of a wall—not the wall that you are assuming, not talking about our southern wall. I am talking about the wall of debt, a massive wall of debt that this Republican Congress has built, trillions—trillions—of dollars of debt towering over our children and grandchildren’s future. This rule will build it even higher. That is why I urge my colleagues to oppose the previous question and the rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the distinguished gentlewoman from California, not only her comments and her ideas— I know they are well represented by the Democratic Party. I would say to her that the people who vote against this bill will turn their back on the people who had the wildfires in California, the tornadoes in Georgia, the opportunities to help provide proper instructive help on their taxes this year as they enter next year. After all, it did happen this year. But perhaps, more than that, Mr. Speaker, we recognize now more about shifting the blame for 8 years and $9 trillion worth of spending. They called it investment. This Republican Congress, 1 year ago, almost to the day, passed a tax bill that has created the greatest economy in the history of this country. More revenue is coming in today than has ever come in in the history of the country. More people are working today because of that tax bill done 1 year ago. More people, more African Americans, more women, more families have an opportunity to enjoy the benefits of a job and the creation therein that they come home at night a little bit more satisfied, and their children, in the next generation, see work as a positive attribute, and communities are turning the corner. Mr. Speaker, gas is $1.82 in Dallas, Texas. What a far cry from when it was almost $5 at the same time in President Obama’s administration when the Democrats were running the place: the House, the Senate, and the Presidency. Oh, Mr. Speaker, we have not forgotten what a difference it makes, but the fingerpointing still continues. Mr. Speaker, let the R ECORD reflect, itself, that we have more revenue than ever coming in, more people working than ever, more opportunity for people, and part of that success has been because Republicans chose not to have a healthcare tax, a medical device tax, a Cadillac tax, choose not to make in order H.R. 676, Medicare for All, that would outlaw all employerprovided healthcare in this country. Mr. Speaker, the differences between our ideas really find themselves at the center point of what we do today. Last night in the Rules Committee, the distinguished gentleman from Lewisville, Texas, Dr. MICHAEL BURGESS, a retired physician who has delivered more than 3,000 babies, said that he had sat through, for years, these arguments at the Energy and Commerce Committee, and he lamented how the story really is not told about some 3 million people who now have jobs in this country, that a number of them that is undefined also got employer provided healthcare; and that while there may be 1 million out of that 3 million who went to a larger company, it is their families that benefited because there was maybe a spouse behind that and a child or two who had previously been without employerprovided healthcare. Now we are going to find out that Grinch showed up at Christmas, this rush to get out the door where we failed to secure the door, where we were so eager to get home rather than do our work. Mr. Speaker, I can’t imagine that somebody would just want to say, ‘‘It is okay; it is Christmastime; let’s get home,’’ and then stick coal in each of the stockings of the American people who have healthcare, stick coal in the stockings of the medical device employees and employers, stick coal into the stockings of the medical community for doctors who had been providing these leadingedge ideas in medical devices, stick coal in the stockings of the workers of America who might have great healthcare only to find out that somebody who had voted for it for years turned their back. So that is why we are here. Mr. Speaker, here is the bill right here, pretty easy to do. We have seen it a number of times. Nobody complained they didn’t have time to read the bill. They actually know what is in it this time. b0945 They actually know what they would not be supporting. They are going to put their vote and be on the line, and we are going to find out where people really are. So, Mr. Speaker, that is the debate, whether we are going to step up and do our job; whether we are willing to complete the task; whether we are willing to be consistent for the things that we have stood for; or whether we are willing to make excuses about, well, it is just Christmastime, and we have got to get home. Mr. Speaker, I want to say that my party believes that we should not have a white flag in our backpack, that we should not yield and just say, well, the timing was difficult. We should stand on our two feet, not beg on our knees. We should move forward and do our job for the American people, and that is what I am proud to say my party and myself and the Rules Committee stand for. We are men and women who can stay to get the job done, not want to get home and not have performed our duties. So that is the story. That is the story that we are going to tell. So I urge my colleagues to support this rule. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. SESSIONS. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(A) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS REPORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1181 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 1181 Resolved, That the requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII for a twothirds vote to consider a report from the Committee on Rules on the same day it is presented to the House is waived with respect to any resolution reported through the legislative day of December 24, 2018. SEC. 2. It shall be in order at any time through the calendar day of December 23, 2018, for the Speaker to entertain motions that the House suspend the rules as though under clause 1 of rule XV. The Speaker or his designee shall consult with the Minority Leader or her designee on the designation of any matter for consideration pursuant to this section. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), my good friend, pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 
legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, the resolution before us is a very simple one. It provides the House with the maximum flexibility to expeditiously move important legislation before the end of Congress. The resolution allows the House to suspend the rules to consider bipartisan pieces of legislation, including the Senatepassed criminal justice reform legislation, which we will consider later today. It also allows for the House to quickly consider measures to fund the government. As we are up against a deadline, it is important that we have the ability to quickly ensure that the government does not shut down. Mr. Speaker, I urge support of the rule and the underlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE), my good friend, for the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, the gentleman from Oklahoma made such a compelling argument for this rule—I can’t believe I am saying this—I am going to vote for this martial law rule. It is a shame that we are at this point, rushing to meet deadlines that have been staring us in the face for weeks and hurrying to finish up important legislative business in the waning days of this Congress. But we are where we are, and we need to be responsible. When it comes to something like funding the government, it is appropriate to use all the tools in our toolbox to keep the lights on. So, while I think rules granting sameday authority should be avoided whenever possible, times like this are why they exist. There is also suspension authority in this rule that would allow this House an opportunity to take up criminal justice reform, a bipartisan first step that our Republican President has already promised to sign. With so much work in front of us today, I am not going to waste time on process. I won’t belabor the President for his words and tweets, which made completing our business tougher than it needed to be. And I will even spare my friends in the majority further conversation about how I wish we weren’t, once again, standing on the brink of another shutdown. Consider it my gift to them for this holiday. This House needs to move quickly and responsibly. Everyone understands that, so I will simply say that I will be voting for this rule. I urge my colleagues to do the same, so we can finish our business and prevent another government shutdown. Mr. Speaker, I have nothing else to say, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend. I am going to certainly accept the gracious gift that he has offered me. I learned a long time ago, when you win an argument, you shut up and sit down. So I want to applaud my colleagues for their work. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The previous question was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. 
RECESS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 12(a) of rule I, the Chair declares the House in recess subject to the call of the Chair. Accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 52 minutes a.m.), the House stood in recess. 
b1015 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. YODER ) at 10 o’clock and 15 minutes a.m. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. MARINO. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to vote on rollcall vote 446 due to Judiciary Committee staff not notifying leadership that members were engaged in a hearing when votes were called. Had I been present, I would have voted as follows: ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall vote No. 446. Stated against: Mr. LANGEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 446. f 
WAIVING A REQUIREMENT OF CLAUSE 6(A) OF RULE XIII WITH RESPECT TO CONSIDERATION OF CERTAIN RESOLUTIONS REPORTED FROM THE COMMITTEE ON RULES, AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF MOTIONS TO SUSPEND THE RULES The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. JOHNSON of Ohio). The unfinished business is the vote on adoption of the resolution (H. Res. 1181) waiving a requirement of clause 6(a) of rule XIII with respect to consideration of certain resolutions reported from the committee on rules, and providing for consideration of motions to suspend the rules, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 350, nays 30, not voting 52, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barr Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Blackburn Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Hern Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Morelle Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Palazzo Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Biggs Blum Brat Cloud Cooper DeFazio Gallagher Garrett Gohmert Gosar Hice, Jody B. Jordan Labrador Massie Meadows Mooney (WV) Norman Pallone Palmer Pearce Perry Posey Rice (SC) Sanford Schrader Sherman Taylor Visclosky Yoho 
Barletta Barton Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Capuano Comstock Costa Crowley Cummings Davidson Denham Duncan (SC) Ellison Green, Gene Griffith Hanabusa Harris Herrera Beutler Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones (NC) Keating Kind Knight Lipinski Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Moulton Noem Nolan Olson Pittenger Polis Ratcliffe Rice (NY) Rosen Roskam Ross Scott, David SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Tsongas Vela Walz Wilson (FL) Young (AK) 
b1052 Mr. NORMAN changed his vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Messrs. DELANEY and GOMEZ changed their vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would have voted against H. Res. 1180, the rule providing for consideration to Senate Amendment to H.R. 88, and H. Res. 1181 the Martial Law Authority Rule that occurred on the morning of December 20, 2018. 
Mr. OLSON. Mr. Speaker, I was unable to return to Washington from my district in Texas due to a family obligation on the morning of December 20. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 446 and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 447. 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on agreeing to the Speaker’s approval of the Journal, which the Chair will put de novo. The question is on the Speaker’s approval of the Journal. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
OFFICE OF THE CLERK , HOUSE OF REPRESENTATIVES , Washington, DC, December 20, 2018. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, The Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. SPEAKER : Pursuant to the permission granted in Clause 2(h) of Rule II of the Rules of the U.S. House of Representatives, the Clerk received the following message from the Secretary of the Senate on December 20, 2018, at 10:03 a.m.: That the Senate passed S. 3456. That the Senate passed S. 3523. That the Senate agrees to the House amendment to the bill S. 943. That the Senate agrees to the House amendment to the bill S. 2248. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 1162. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 1850. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 3383. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 5205. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 5475. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 5923. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 6059. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 6167. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 6335. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 6347. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 6348. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 6400. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 6893. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 6930. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 7230. That the Senate passed without amendment H.R. 7243. Appointment: Public Safety Officer Medal of Valor Review Board. With best wishes, I am, Sincerely, KAREN L. H AAS. f 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the bill (S. 756) to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote international action to reduce marine debris, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment to the House amendment is as follows: Senate amendment to the House amendment: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the House amendment to the text of the bill, insert the following: 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘First Step Act of 2018’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. TITLE I—RECIDIVISM REDUCTION Sec. 101. Risk and needs assessment system. Sec. 102. Implementation of system and recommendations by Bureau of Prisons. Sec. 103. GAO report. Sec. 104. Authorization of appropriations. Sec. 105. Rule of construction. Sec. 106. Faithbased considerations. Sec. 107. Independent Review Committee. TITLE II—BUREAU OF PRISONS SECURE FIREARMS STORAGE Sec. 201. Short title. Sec. 202. Secure firearms storage. TITLE III—RESTRAINTS ON PREGNANT PRISONERS PROHIBITED Sec. 301. Use of restraints on prisoners during the period of pregnancy and postpartum recovery prohibited. TITLE IV—SENTENCING REFORM Sec. 401. Reduce and restrict enhanced sentencing for prior drug felonies. Sec. 402. Broadening of existing safety valve. Sec. 403. Clarification of section 924(c) of title 18, United States Code. Sec. 404. Application of Fair Sentencing Act. TITLE V—SECOND CHANCE ACT OF 2007 REAUTHORIZATION Sec. 501. Short title. Sec. 502. Improvements to existing programs. Sec. 503. Audit and accountability of grantees. Sec. 504. Federal reentry improvements. Sec. 505. Federal interagency reentry coordination. Sec. 506. Conference expenditures. Sec. 507. Evaluation of the Second Chance Act program. Sec. 508. GAO review. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS CRIMINAL JUSTICE Sec. 601. Placement of prisoners close to families. Sec. 602. Home confinement for lowrisk prisoners. Sec. 603. Federal prisoner reentry initiative reauthorization; modification of imposed term of imprisonment. Sec. 604. Identification for returning citizens. Sec. 605. Expanding inmate employment through Federal Prison Industries. Sec. 606. Deescalation training. Sec. 607. EvidenceBased treatment for opioid and heroin abuse. Sec. 608. Pilot programs. Sec. 609. Ensuring supervision of released sexually dangerous persons. Sec. 610. Data collection. Sec. 611. Healthcare products. Sec. 612. Adult and juvenile collaboration programs. Sec. 613. Juvenile solitary confinement. TITLE I—RECIDIVISM REDUCTION SEC. 101. RISK AND NEEDS ASSESSMENT SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after subchapter C the following: ‘‘SUBCHAPTER D—RISK AND NEEDS ASSESSMENT SYSTEM ‘‘Sec. ‘‘3631. Duties of the Attorney General. ‘‘3632. Development of risk and needs assessment system. ‘‘3633. Evidencebased recidivism reduction program and recommendations. ‘‘3634. Report. ‘‘3635. Definitions. ‘‘§ 3631. Duties of the Attorney General ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Attorney General shall carry out this subchapter in consultation with— ‘‘(1) the Director of the Bureau of Prisons; ‘‘(2) the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts; ‘‘(3) the Director of the Office of Probation and Pretrial Services; ‘‘(4) the Director of the National Institute of Justice; ‘‘(5) the Director of the National Institute of Corrections; and ‘‘(6) the Independent Review Committee authorized by the First Step Act of 2018 ‘‘(b) DUTIES .—The Attorney General shall— ‘‘(1) conduct a review of the existing prisoner risk and needs assessment systems in operation on the date of enactment of this subchapter; ‘‘(2) develop recommendations regarding evidencebased recidivism reduction programs and productive activities in accordance with section 3633; ‘‘(3) conduct ongoing research and data analysis on— ‘‘(A) evidencebased recidivism reduction programs relating to the use of prisoner risk and needs assessment tools; 
‘‘(B) the most effective and efficient uses of such programs; ‘‘(C) which evidencebased recidivism reduction programs are the most effective at reducing recidivism, and the type, amount, and intensity of programming that most effectively reduces the risk of recidivism; and ‘‘(D) products purchased by Federal agencies that are manufactured overseas and could be manufactured by prisoners participating in a prison work program without reducing job opportunities for other workers in the United States; ‘‘(4) on an annual basis, review, validate, and release publicly on the Department of Justice website the risk and needs assessment system, which review shall include— ‘‘(A) any subsequent changes to the risk and needs assessment system made after the date of enactment of this subchapter; ‘‘(B) the recommendations developed under paragraph (2), using the research conducted under paragraph (3); ‘‘(C) an evaluation to ensure that the risk and needs assessment system bases the assessment of each prisoner’s risk of recidivism on indicators of progress and of regression that are dynamic and that can reasonably be expected to change while in prison; ‘‘(D) statistical validation of any tools that the risk and needs assessment system uses; and ‘‘(E) an evaluation of the rates of recidivism among similarly classified prisoners to identify any unwarranted disparities, including disparities among similarly classified prisoners of different demographic groups, in such rates; ‘‘(5) make any revisions or updates to the risk and needs assessment system that the Attorney General determines appropriate pursuant to the review under paragraph (4), including updates to ensure that any disparities identified in paragraph (4)(E) are reduced to the greatest extent possible; and ‘‘(6) report to Congress in accordance with section 3634. ‘‘§ 3632. Development of risk and needs assessment system ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Not later than 210 days after the date of enactment of this subchapter, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Independent Review Committee authorized by the First Step Act of 2018, shall develop and release publicly on the Department of Justice website a risk and needs assessment system (referred to in this subchapter as the ‘System’), which shall be used to— ‘‘(1) determine the recidivism risk of each prisoner as part of the intake process, and classify each prisoner as having minimum, low, medium, or high risk for recidivism; ‘‘(2) assess and determine, to the extent practicable, the risk of violent or serious misconduct of each prisoner; ‘‘(3) determine the type and amount of evidencebased recidivism reduction programming that is appropriate for each prisoner and assign each prisoner to such programming accordingly, and based on the prisoner’s specific criminogenic needs, and in accordance with subsection (b); ‘‘(4) reassess the recidivism risk of each prisoner periodically, based on factors including indicators of progress, and of regression, that are dynamic and that can reasonably be expected to change while in prison; ‘‘(5) reassign the prisoner to appropriate evidencebased recidivism reduction programs or productive activities based on the revised determination to ensure that— ‘‘(A) all prisoners at each risk level have a meaningful opportunity to reduce their classification during the period of incarceration; ‘‘(B) to address the specific criminogenic needs of the prisoner; and ‘‘(C) all prisoners are able to successfully participate in such programs; ‘‘(6) determine when to provide incentives and rewards for successful participation in evidence based recidivism reduction programs or productive activities in accordance with subsection (e); ‘‘(7) determine when a prisoner is ready to transfer into prerelease custody or supervised release in accordance with section 3624; and ‘‘(8) determine the appropriate use of audio technology for program course materials with an understanding of dyslexia. In carrying out this subsection, the Attorney General may use existing risk and needs assessment tools, as appropriate. ‘‘(b) ASSIGNMENT OF EVIDENCE BASED RECIDI VISM REDUCTION PROGRAMS .—The System shall provide guidance on the type, amount, and intensity of evidencebased recidivism reduction programming and productive activities that shall be assigned for each prisoner, including— ‘‘(1) programs in which the Bureau of Prisons shall assign the prisoner to participate, according to the prisoner’s specific criminogenic needs; and ‘‘(2) information on the best ways that the Bureau of Prisons can tailor the programs to the specific criminogenic needs of each prisoner so as to most effectively lower each prisoner’s risk of recidivism. ‘‘(c) HOUSING AND ASSIGNMENT DECISIONS .— The System shall provide guidance on program grouping and housing assignment determinations and, after accounting for the safety of each prisoner and other individuals at the prison, provide that prisoners with a similar risk level be grouped together in housing and assignment decisions to the extent practicable. ‘‘(d) EVIDENCE BASED RECIDIVISM REDUCTION  PROGRAM INCENTIVES AND PRODUCTIVE ACTIVI TIESREWARDS .—The System shall provide incentives and rewards for prisoners to participate in and complete evidencebased recidivism reduction programs as follows: ‘‘(1) PHONE AND VISITATION PRIVILEGES .—A prisoner who is successfully participating in an evidencebased recidivism reduction program shall receive— ‘‘(A) phone privileges, or, if available, video conferencing privileges, for up to 30 minutes per day, and up to 510 minutes per month; and ‘‘(B) additional time for visitation at the prison, as determined by the warden of the prison. ‘‘(2) TRANSFER TO INSTITUTION CLOSER TO RE LEASE RESIDENCE .—A prisoner who is successfully participating in an evidencebased recidivism reduction program shall be considered by the Bureau of Prisons for placement in a facility closer to the prisoner’s release residence upon request from the prisoner and subject to— ‘‘(A) bed availability at the transfer facility; ‘‘(B) the prisoner’s security designation; and ‘‘(C) the recommendation from the warden of the prison at which the prisoner is incarcerated at the time of making the request. ‘‘(3) ADDITIONAL POLICIES .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall develop additional policies to provide appropriate incentives for successful participation and completion of evidencebased recidivism reduction programming. The incentives shall include not less than 2 of the following: ‘‘(A) Increased commissary spending limits and product offerings. ‘‘(B) Extended opportunities to access the email system. ‘‘(C) Consideration of transfer to preferred housing units (including transfer to different prison facilities). ‘‘(D) Other incentives solicited from prisoners and determined appropriate by the Director. ‘‘(4) TIME CREDITS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A prisoner, except for an ineligible prisoner under subparagraph (D), who successfully completes evidencebased recidivism reduction programming or productive activities, shall earn time credits as follows: ‘‘(i) A prisoner shall earn 10 days of time credits for every 30 days of successful participation in evidencebased recidivism reduction programming or productive activities. ‘‘(ii) A prisoner determined by the Bureau of Prisons to be at a minimum or low risk for recidivating, who, over 2 consecutive assessments, has not increased their risk of recidivism, shall earn an additional 5 days of time credits for every 30 days of successful participation in evidencebased recidivism reduction programming or productive activities. ‘‘(B) AVAILABILITY .—A prisoner may not earn time credits under this paragraph for an evidencebased recidivism reduction program that the prisoner successfully completed— ‘‘(i) prior to the date of enactment of this subchapter; or ‘‘(ii) during official detention prior to the date that the prisoner’s sentence commences under section 3585(a). ‘‘(C) APPLICATION OF TIME CREDITS TOWARD  
PRERELEASE CUSTODY OR SUPERVISED RELEASE .— Time credits earned under this paragraph by prisoners who successfully participate in recidivism reduction programs or productive activities shall be applied toward time in prerelease custody or supervised release. The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall transfer eligible prisoners, as determined under section 3624(g), into prerelease custody or supervised release. ‘‘(D) INELIGIBLE PRISONERS .—A prisoner is ineligible to receive time credits under this paragraph if the prisoner is serving a sentence for a conviction under any of the following provisions of law: ‘‘(i) Section 32, relating to destruction of aircraft or aircraft facilities. ‘‘(ii) Section 33, relating to destruction of motor vehicles or motor vehicle facilities. ‘‘(iii) Section 36, relating to driveby shootings. ‘‘(iv) Section 81, relating to arson within special maritime and territorial jurisdiction. ‘‘(v) Section 111(b), relating to assaulting, resisting, or impeding certain officers or employees using a deadly or dangerous weapon or inflicting bodily injury. ‘‘(vi) Paragraph (1), (7), or (8) of section 113(a), relating to assault with intent to commit murder, assault resulting in substantial bodily injury to a spouse or intimate partner, a dating partner, or an individual who has not attained the age of 16 years, or assault of a spouse, intimate partner, or dating partner by strangling, suffocating, or attempting to strangle or suffocate. ‘‘(vii) Section 115, relating to influencing, impeding, or retaliating against a Federal official by injuring a family member, except for a threat made in violation of that section. ‘‘(viii) Section 116, relating to female genital mutilation. ‘‘(ix) Section 117, relating to domestic assault by a habitual offender. ‘‘(x) Any section of chapter 10, relating to biological weapons. ‘‘(xi) Any section of chapter 11B, relating to chemical weapons. ‘‘(xii) Section 351, relating to Congressional, Cabinet, and Supreme Court assassination, kidnapping, and assault. ‘‘(xiii) Section 521, relating to criminal street gangs. ‘‘(xiv) Section 751, relating to prisoners in custody of an institution or officer. ‘‘(xv) Section 793, relating to gathering, transmitting, or losing defense information. ‘‘(xvi) Section 794, relating to gathering or delivering defense information to aid a foreign government. ‘‘(xvii) Any section of chapter 39, relating to explosives and other dangerous articles, except for section 836 (relating to the transportation of fireworks into a State prohibiting sale or use). ‘‘(xviii) Section 842(p), relating to distribution of information relating to explosives, destructive devices, and weapons of mass destruction, but only if the conviction involved a weapon of mass destruction (as defined in section 2332a(c)). ‘‘(xix) Subsection (f)(3), (h), or (i) of section 844, relating to the use of fire or an explosive. 
‘‘(xx) Section 871, relating to threats against the President and successors to the Presidency. ‘‘(xxi) Section 879, relating to threats against former Presidents and certain other persons. ‘‘(xxii) Section 924(c), relating to unlawful possession or use of a firearm during and in relation to any crime of violence or drug trafficking crime. ‘‘(xxiii) Section 1030(a)(1), relating to fraud and related activity in connection with computers. ‘‘(xxiv) Section 1091, relating to genocide. ‘‘(xxv) Any section of chapter 51, relating to homicide, except for section 1112 (relating to manslaughter), 1113 (relating to attempt to commit murder or manslaughter, but only if the conviction was for an attempt to commit manslaughter), 1115 (relating to misconduct or neglect of ship officers), or 1122 (relating to protection against the human immunodeficiency virus). ‘‘(xxvi) Any section of chapter 55, relating to kidnapping. ‘‘(xxvii) Any offense under chapter 77, relating to peonage, slavery, and trafficking in persons, except for sections 1593 through 1596. ‘‘(xxviii) Section 1751, relating to Presidential and Presidential staff assassination, kidnapping, and assault. ‘‘(xxix) Section 1791, relating to providing or possessing contraband in prison. ‘‘(xxx) Section 1792, relating to mutiny and riots. ‘‘(xxxi) Section 1841(a)(2)(C), relating to intentionally killing or attempting to kill an unborn child. ‘‘(xxxii) Section 1992, relating to terrorist attacks and other violence against railroad carriers and against mass transportation systems on land, on water, or through the air. ‘‘(xxxiii) Section 2113(e), relating to bank robbery resulting in death. ‘‘(xxxiv) Section 2118(c), relating to robberies and burglaries involving controlled substances resulting in assault, putting in jeopardy the life of any person by the use of a dangerous weapon or device, or death. ‘‘(xxxv) Section 2119, relating to taking a motor vehicle (commonly referred to as ‘carjacking’). ‘‘(xxxvi) Any section of chapter 105, relating to sabotage, except for section 2152. ‘‘(xxxvii) Any section of chapter 109A, relating to sexual abuse. ‘‘(xxxviii) Section 2250, relating to failure to register as a sex offender. ‘‘(xxxix) Section 2251, relating to the sexual exploitation of children. ‘‘(xl) Section 2251A, relating to the selling or buying of children. ‘‘(xli) Section 2252, relating to certain activities relating to material involving the sexual exploitation of minors. ‘‘(xlii) Section 2252A, relating to certain activities involving material constituting or containing child pornography. ‘‘(xliii) Section 2260, relating to the production of sexually explicit depictions of a minor for importation into the United States. ‘‘(xliv) Section 2283, relating to the transportation of explosive, biological, chemical, or radioactive or nuclear materials. ‘‘(xlv) Section 2284, relating to the transportation of terrorists. ‘‘(xlvi) Section 2291, relating to the destruction of a vessel or maritime facility, but only if the conduct that led to the conviction involved a substantial risk of death or serious bodily injury. ‘‘(xlvii) Any section of chapter 113B, relating to terrorism. ‘‘(xlviii) Section 2340A, relating to torture. ‘‘(xlix) Section 2381, relating to treason. ‘‘(l) Section 2442, relating to the recruitment or use of child soldiers. ‘‘(li) An offense described in section 3559(c)(2)(F), for which the offender was sentenced to a term of imprisonment of more than 1 year, if the offender has a previous conviction, for which the offender served a term of imprisonment of more than 1 year, for a Federal or State offense, by whatever designation and wherever committed, consisting of murder (as described in section 1111), voluntary manslaughter (as described in section 1112), assault with intent to commit murder (as described in section 113(a)), aggravated sexual abuse and sexual abuse (as described in sections 2241 and 2242), abusive sexual contact (as described in sections 2244(a)(1) and (a)(2)), kidnapping (as described in chapter 55), carjacking (as described in section 2119), arson (as described in section 844(f)(3), (h), or (i)), or terrorism (as described in chapter 113B). ‘‘(lii) Section 57(b) of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2077(b)), relating to the engagement or participation in the development or production of special nuclear material. ‘‘(liii) Section 92 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2122), relating to prohibitions governing atomic weapons. ‘‘(liv) Section 101 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2131), relating to the atomic energy license requirement. ‘‘(lv) Section 224 or 225 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2274, 2275), relating to the communication or receipt of restricted data. ‘‘(lvi) Section 236 of the Atomic Energy Act of 1954 (42 U.S.C. 2284), relating to the sabotage of nuclear facilities or fuel. ‘‘(lvii) Section 60123(b) of title 49, relating to damaging or destroying a pipeline facility, but only if the conduct which led to the conviction involved a substantial risk of death or serious bodily injury. ‘‘(lviii) Section 401(a) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 841), relating to manufacturing or distributing a controlled substance in the case of a conviction for an offense described in subparagraph (A), (B), or (C) of subsection (b)(1) of that section for which death or serious bodily injury resulted from the use of such substance. ‘‘(lix) Section 276(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1326), relating to the reentry of a removed alien, but only if the alien is described in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (b) of that section. ‘‘(lx) Section 277 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1327), relating to aiding or assisting certain aliens to enter the United States. ‘‘(lxi) Section 278 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1328), relating to the importation of an alien into the United States for an immoral purpose. ‘‘(lxii) Any section of the Export Administration Act of 1979 (50 U.S.C. 4611 et seq.) ‘‘(lxiii) Section 206 of the International Emergency Economic Powers Act (50 U.S.C. 1705). ‘‘(lxiv) Section 601 of the National Security Act of 1947 (50 U.S.C. 3121), relating to the protection of identities of certain United States undercover intelligence officers, agents, informants, and sources. ‘‘(lxv) Subparagraph (A)(i) or (B)(i) of section 401(b)(1) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 841(b)(1)) or paragraph (1)(A) or (2)(A) of section 1010(b) of the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 960(b)), relating to manufacturing, distributing, dispensing, or possessing with intent to manufacture, distribute, dispense, or knowingly importing or exporting, a mixture or substance containing a detectable amount of heroin if the sentencing court finds that the offender was an organizer, leader, manager, or supervisor of others in the offense, as determined under the guidelines promulgated by the United States Sentencing Commission. ‘‘(lxvi) Subparagraph (A)(vi) or (B)(vi) of section 401(b)(1) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 841(b)(1)) or paragraph (1)(F) or (2)(F) of section 1010(b) of the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 960(b)), relating to manufacturing, distributing, dispensing, or possessing with intent to manufacture, distribute, or dispense, a mixture or substance containing a detectable amount of N phenylN[1(2phenylethyl)4piperidinyl] propanamide, or any analogue thereof. ‘‘(lxvii) Subparagraph (A)(viii) or (B)(viii) of section 401(b)(1) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 841(b)(1)) or paragraph (1)(H) or (2)(H) of section 1010(b) the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 960(b)), relating to manufacturing, distributing, dispensing, or possessing with intent to manufacture, distribute, or dispense, or knowingly importing or exporting, a mixture of substance containing a detectable amount of methamphetamine, its salts, isomers, or salts of its isomers, if the sentencing court finds that the offender was an organizer, leader, manager, or supervisor of others in the offense, as determined under the guidelines promulgated by the United States Sentencing Commission. ‘‘(lxviii) Subparagraph (A) or (B) of section 401(b)(1) of the Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 841(b)(1)) or paragraph (1) or (2) of section 1010(b) of the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 960(b)), relating to manufacturing, distributing, dispensing, or possessing with intent to manufacture, distribute, or dispense, a controlled substance, or knowingly importing or exporting a controlled substance, if the sentencing court finds that— ‘‘(I) the offense involved a mixture or substance containing a detectable amount of N phenylN[1(2phenylethyl)4piperidinyl] propanamide, or any analogue thereof; and ‘‘(II) the offender was an organizer, leader, manager, or supervisor of others in the offense, 
as determined under the guidelines promulgated by the United States Sentencing Commission. ‘‘(E) DEPORTABLE PRISONERS INELIGIBLE TO  
APPLY TIME CREDITS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—A prisoner is ineligible to apply time credits under subparagraph (C) if the prisoner is the subject of a final order of removal under any provision of the immigration laws (as such term is defined in section 101(a)(17) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101(a)(17))). ‘‘(ii) PROCEEDINGS .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall ensure that any alien described in section 212 or 237 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1182, 1227) who seeks to earn time credits are subject to proceedings described in section 238(a) of that Act (8 U.S.C. 1228(a)) at a date as early as practicable during the prisoner’s incarceration. ‘‘(5) RISK REASSESSMENTS AND LEVEL ADJUST MENT .—A prisoner who successfully participates in evidencebased recidivism reduction programming or productive activities shall receive periodic risk reassessments not less often than annually, and a prisoner determined to be at a medium or high risk of recidivating and who has less than 5 years until his or her projected release date shall receive more frequent risk reassessments. If the reassessment shows that the prisoner’s risk of recidivating or specific needs have changed, the Bureau of Prisons shall update the determination of the prisoner’s risk of recidivating or information regarding the prisoner’s specific needs and reassign the prisoner to appropriate evidencebased recidivism reduction programming or productive activities based on such changes. ‘‘(6) RELATION TO OTHER INCENTIVE PRO GRAMS .—The incentives described in this subsection shall be in addition to any other rewards or incentives for which a prisoner may be eligible. ‘‘(e) PENALTIES .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall develop guidelines for the reduction of rewards and incentives earned under subsection (d) for prisoners who violate prison rules or evidencebased recidivism reduction program or productive activity rules, which shall provide— ‘‘(1) general levels of violations and resulting reductions; 
‘‘(2) that any reduction that includes the loss of time credits shall require written notice to the prisoner, shall be limited to time credits that a prisoner earned as of the date of the prisoner’s rule violation, and shall not include any future time credits that the prisoner may earn; and ‘‘(3) for a procedure to restore time credits that a prisoner lost as a result of a rule violation, based on the prisoner’s individual progress after the date of the rule violation. ‘‘(f) BUREAU OF PRISONS TRAINING .—The At torney General shall develop and implement training programs for Bureau of Prisons officers and employees responsible for administering the System, which shall include— ‘‘(1) initial training to educate officers and employees on how to use the System in an appropriate and consistent manner, as well as the reasons for using the System; ‘‘(2) continuing education; ‘‘(3) periodic training updates; and ‘‘(4) a requirement that such officers and employees demonstrate competence in administering the System, including interrater reliability, on a biannual basis. ‘‘(g) QUALITY ASSURANCE .—In order to ensure that the Bureau of Prisons is using the System in an appropriate and consistent manner, the Attorney General shall monitor and assess the use of the System, which shall include conducting annual audits of the Bureau of Prisons regarding the use of the System. ‘‘(h) DYSLEXIA SCREENING .— ‘‘(1) SCREENING .—The Attorney General shall incorporate a dyslexia screening program into the System, including by screening for dyslexia during— ‘‘(A) the intake process; and ‘‘(B) each periodic risk reassessment of a prisoner. ‘‘(2) TREATMENT .—The Attorney General shall incorporate programs designed to treat dyslexia into the evidencebased recidivism reduction programs or productive activities required to be implemented under this section. The Attorney General may also incorporate programs designed to treat other learning disabilities. ‘‘§ 3633. Evidencebased recidivism reduction program and recommendations ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Prior to releasing the System, in consultation with the Independent Review Committee authorized by the First Step Act of 2018, the Attorney General shall— ‘‘(1) review the effectiveness of evidencebased recidivism reduction programs that exist as of the date of enactment of this subchapter in prisons operated by the Bureau of Prisons; ‘‘(2) review available information regarding the effectiveness of evidencebased recidivism reduction programs and productive activities that exist in Stateoperated prisons throughout the United States; ‘‘(3) identify the most effective evidencebased recidivism reduction programs; ‘‘(4) review the policies for entering into evidencebased recidivism reduction partnerships described in section 3621(h)(5); and ‘‘(5) direct the Bureau of Prisons regarding— ‘‘(A) evidencebased recidivism reduction programs; ‘‘(B) the ability for faithbased organizations to function as a provider of educational evidencebased programs outside of the religious classes and services provided through the Chaplaincy; and ‘‘(C) the addition of any new effective evidencebased recidivism reduction programs that the Attorney General finds. ‘‘(b) REVIEW AND RECOMMENDATIONS REGARD ING DYSLEXIA MITIGATION .—In carrying out subsection (a), the Attorney General shall consider the prevalence and mitigation of dyslexia in prisons, including by— ‘‘(1) reviewing statistics on the prevalence of dyslexia, and the effectiveness of any programs implemented to mitigate the effects of dyslexia, in prisons operated by the Bureau of Prisons and Stateoperated prisons throughout the United States; and ‘‘(2) incorporating the findings of the Attorney General under paragraph (1) of this subsection into any directives given to the Bureau of Prisons under paragraph (5) of subsection (a). ‘‘§ 3634. Report ‘‘Beginning on the date that is 2 years after the date of enactment of this subchapter, and annually thereafter for a period of 5 years, the Attorney General shall submit a report to the Committees on the Judiciary of the Senate and the House of Representatives and the Subcommittees on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies of the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and the House of Representatives that contains the following: ‘‘(1) A summary of the activities and accomplishments of the Attorney General in carrying out this Act. ‘‘(2) A summary and assessment of the types and effectiveness of the evidencebased recidivism reduction programs and productive activities in prisons operated by the Bureau of Prisons, including— ‘‘(A) evidence about which programs have been shown to reduce recidivism; ‘‘(B) the capacity of each program and activity at each prison, including the number of prisoners along with the recidivism risk of each prisoner enrolled in each program; and ‘‘(C) identification of any gaps or shortages in capacity of such programs and activities. ‘‘(3) Rates of recidivism among individuals who have been released from Federal prison, based on the following criteria: ‘‘(A) The primary offense of conviction. ‘‘(B) The length of the sentence imposed and served. ‘‘(C) The Bureau of Prisons facility or facilities in which the prisoner’s sentence was served. ‘‘(D) The evidencebased recidivism reduction programming that the prisoner successfully completed, if any. ‘‘(E) The prisoner’s assessed and reassessed risk of recidivism. ‘‘(F) The productive activities that the prisoner successfully completed, if any. ‘‘(4) The status of prison work programs at facilities operated by the Bureau of Prisons, including— ‘‘(A) a strategy to expand the availability of such programs without reducing job opportunities for workers in the United States who are not in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons, including the feasibility of prisoners manufacturing products purchased by Federal agencies that are manufactured overseas; ‘‘(B) an assessment of the feasibility of expanding such programs, consistent with the strategy required under subparagraph (A), with the goal that 5 years after the date of enactment of this subchapter, not less than 75 percent of eligible minimum and lowrisk offenders have the opportunity to participate in a prison work program for not less than 20 hours per week; and ‘‘(C) a detailed discussion of legal authorities that would be useful or necessary to achieve the goals described in subparagraphs (A) and (B). ‘‘(5) An assessment of the Bureau of Prisons’ compliance with section 3621(h). ‘‘(6) An assessment of progress made toward carrying out the purposes of this subchapter, including any savings associated with— ‘‘(A) the transfer of prisoners into prerelease custody or supervised release under section 3624(g), including savings resulting from the avoidance or deferral of future construction, acquisition, and operations costs; and ‘‘(B) any decrease in recidivism that may be attributed to the System or the increase in evidencebased recidivism reduction programs required under this subchapter. ‘‘(7) An assessment of budgetary savings resulting from this subchapter, including— ‘‘(A) a summary of the amount of savings resulting from the transfer of prisoners into prerelease custody under this chapter, including savings resulting from the avoidance or deferral of future construction, acquisition, or operations costs; ‘‘(B) a summary of the amount of savings resulting from any decrease in recidivism that may be attributed to the implementation of the risk and needs assessment system or the increase in recidivism reduction programs and productive activities required by this subchapter; ‘‘(C) a strategy to reinvest the savings described in subparagraphs (A) and (B) in other— ‘‘(i) Federal, State, and local law enforcement activities; and ‘‘(ii) expansions of recidivism reduction programs and productive activities in the Bureau of Prisons; and ‘‘(D) a description of how the reduced expenditures on Federal corrections and the budgetary savings resulting from this subchapter are currently being used and will be used to— ‘‘(i) increase investment in law enforcement and crime prevention to combat gangs of national significance and highlevel drug traffickers through the High Intensity Drug Trafficking Areas Program and other task forces; ‘‘(ii) hire, train, and equip law enforcement officers and prosecutors; and ‘‘(iii) promote crime reduction programs using evidencebased practices and strategic planning to help reduce crime and criminal recidivism. ‘‘(8) Statistics on— ‘‘(A) the prevalence of dyslexia among prisoners in prisons operated by the Bureau of Prisons; and ‘‘(B) any change in the effectiveness of dyslexia mitigation programs among such prisoners that may be attributed to the incorporation of dyslexia screening into the System and of dyslexia treatment into the evidencebased recidivism reduction programs, as required under this chapter. ‘‘§ 3635. Definitions ‘‘In this subchapter the following definitions apply: ‘‘(1) DYSLEXIA .—The term ‘dyslexia’ means an unexpected difficulty in reading for an individual who has the intelligence to be a much better reader, most commonly caused by a difficulty in the phonological processing (the appreciation of the individual sounds of spoken language), which affects the ability of an individual to speak, read, and spell. ‘‘(2) DYSLEXIA SCREENING PROGRAM .—The term ‘dyslexia screening program’ means a screening program for dyslexia that is— ‘‘(A) evidencebased (as defined in section 8101(21) of the Elementary and Secondary Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 7801(21))) with proven psychometrics for validity; ‘‘(B) efficient and lowcost; and ‘‘(C) readily available. ‘‘(3) EVIDENCE BASED RECIDIVISM REDUCTION  
PROGRAM .—The term ‘evidencebased recidivism reduction program’ means either a group or individual activity that— ‘‘(A) has been shown by empirical evidence to reduce recidivism or is based on research indicating that it is likely to be effective in reducing recidivism; ‘‘(B) is designed to help prisoners succeed in their communities upon release from prison; and ‘‘(C) may include— ‘‘(i) social learning and communication, interpersonal, antibullying, rejection response, and other life skills; ‘‘(ii) family relationship building, structured parentchild interaction, and parenting skills; ‘‘(iii) classes on morals or ethics; ‘‘(iv) academic classes; ‘‘(v) cognitive behavioral treatment; ‘‘(vi) mentoring; ‘‘(vii) substance abuse treatment; ‘‘(viii) vocational training; ‘‘(ix) faithbased classes or services; 
‘‘(x) civic engagement and reintegrative community services; ‘‘(xi) a prison job, including through a prison work program; ‘‘(xii) victim impact classes or other restorative justice programs; and ‘‘(xiii) trauma counseling and traumainformed support programs. ‘‘(4) PRISONER .—The term ‘prisoner’ means a person who has been sentenced to a term of imprisonment pursuant to a conviction for a Federal criminal offense, or a person in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons. ‘‘(5) PRODUCTIVE ACTIVITY .—The term ‘productive activity’ means either a group or individual activity that is designed to allow prisoners determined as having a minimum or low risk of recidivating to remain productive and thereby maintain a minimum or low risk of recidivating, and may include the delivery of the programs described in paragraph (1) to other prisoners. ‘‘(6) RISK AND NEEDS ASSESSMENT TOOL .—The term ‘risk and needs assessment tool’ means an objective and statistically validated method through which information is collected and evaluated to determine— ‘‘(A) as part of the intake process, the risk that a prisoner will recidivate upon release from prison; ‘‘(B) the recidivism reduction programs that will best minimize the risk that the prisoner will recidivate upon release from prison; and ‘‘(C) the periodic reassessment of risk that a prisoner will recidivate upon release from prison, based on factors including indicators of progress and of regression, that are dynamic and that can reasonably be expected to change while in prison.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of subchapters for chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘D. Risk and Needs Assessment.........3631’’. 
SEC. 102. IMPLEMENTATION OF SYSTEM AND RECOMMENDATIONS BY BUREAU OF PRISONS. 
(a) I MPLEMENTATION OF SYSTEM GENERALLY .—Section 3621 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(h) IMPLEMENTATION OF RISK AND NEEDS ASSESSMENT SYSTEM .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the Attorney General completes and releases the risk and needs assessment system (referred to in this subsection as the ‘System’) developed under subchapter D, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall, in accordance with that subchapter— ‘‘(A) implement and complete the initial intake risk and needs assessment for each prisoner (including for each prisoner who was a prisoner prior to the effective date of this subsection), regardless of the prisoner’s length of imposed term of imprisonment, and begin to assign prisoners to appropriate evidencebased recidivism reduction programs based on that determination; ‘‘(B) begin to expand the effective evidence based recidivism reduction programs and productive activities it offers and add any new evidencebased recidivism reduction programs and productive activities necessary to effectively implement the System; and ‘‘(C) begin to implement the other risk and needs assessment tools necessary to effectively implement the System over time, while prisoners are participating in and completing the effective evidencebased recidivism reduction programs and productive activities. ‘‘(2) PHASEIN.—In order to carry out paragraph (1), so that every prisoner has the opportunity to participate in and complete the type and amount of evidencebased recidivism reduction programs or productive activities they need, and be reassessed for recidivism risk as necessary to effectively implement the System, the Bureau of Prisons shall— ‘‘(A) provide such evidencebased recidivism reduction programs and productive activities for all prisoners before the date that is 2 years after the date on which the Bureau of Prisons completes a risk and needs assessment for each prisoner under paragraph (1)(A); and ‘‘(B) develop and validate the risk and needs assessment tool to be used in the reassessments of risk of recidivism, while prisoners are participating in and completing evidencebased recidivism reduction programs and productive activities. ‘‘(3) PRIORITY DURING PHASE IN.—During the 2year period described in paragraph (2)(A), the priority for such programs and activities shall be accorded based on a prisoner’s proximity to release date. ‘‘(4) PRELIMINARY EXPANSION OF EVIDENCE  
AUTHORITY TO USE INCENTIVES .—Beginning on the date of enactment of this subsection, the Bureau of Prisons may begin to expand any evidencebased recidivism reduction programs and productive activities that exist at a prison as of such date, and may offer to prisoners who successfully participate in such programs and activities the incentives and rewards described in subchapter D. ‘‘(5) RECIDIVISM REDUCTION PARTNERSHIPS .— In order to expand evidencebased recidivism reduction programs and productive activities, the Attorney General shall develop policies for the warden of each prison of the Bureau of Prisons to enter into partnerships, subject to the availability of appropriations, with any of the following: ‘‘(A) Nonprofit and other private organizations, including faithbased, art, and communitybased organizations that will deliver recidivism reduction programming on a paid or volunteer basis. ‘‘(B) Institutions of higher education (as defined in section 101 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1001)) that will deliver instruction on a paid or volunteer basis. ‘‘(C) Private entities that will— ‘‘(i) deliver vocational training and certifications; ‘‘(ii) provide equipment to facilitate vocational training or employment opportunities for prisoners; ‘‘(iii) employ prisoners; or ‘‘(iv) assist prisoners in prerelease custody or supervised release in finding employment. ‘‘(D) Industrysponsored organizations that will deliver workforce development and training, on a paid or volunteer basis. ‘‘(6) REQUIREMENT TO PROVIDE PROGRAMS TO  
ALL PRISONERS ; PRIORITY .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall provide all prisoners with the opportunity to actively participate in evidencebased recidivism reduction programs or productive activities, according to their specific criminogenic needs, throughout their entire term of incarceration. Priority for participation in recidivism reduction programs shall be given to mediumrisk and highrisk prisoners, with access to productive activities given to minimum risk and lowrisk prisoners. ‘‘(7) DEFINITIONS .—The terms in this subsection have the meaning given those terms in section 3635.’’. (b) PRERELEASE CUSTODY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 3624 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (A) in subsection (b)(1)— (i) by striking ‘‘, beyond the time served, of up to 54 days at the end of each year of the prisoner’s term of imprisonment, beginning at the end of the first year of the term,’’ and inserting ‘‘of up to 54 days for each year of the prisoner’s sentence imposed by the court,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘credit for the last year or portion of a year of the term of imprisonment shall be prorated and credited within the last six weeks of the sentence’’ and inserting ‘‘credit for the last year of a term of imprisonment shall be credited on the first day of the last year of the term of imprisonment’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) PRERELEASE CUSTODY OR SUPERVISED RELEASE FOR RISK AND NEEDS ASSESSMENT SYSTEM  PARTICIPANTS .— ‘‘(1) ELIGIBLE PRISONERS .—This subsection applies in the case of a prisoner (as such term is defined in section 3635) who— ‘‘(A) has earned time credits under the risk and needs assessment system developed under subchapter D (referred to in this subsection as the ‘System’) in an amount that is equal to the remainder of the prisoner’s imposed term of imprisonment; ‘‘(B) has shown through the periodic risk reassessments a demonstrated recidivism risk reduction or has maintained a minimum or low recidivism risk, during the prisoner’s term of imprisonment; ‘‘(C) has had the remainder of the prisoner’s imposed term of imprisonment computed under applicable law; and ‘‘(D)(i) in the case of a prisoner being placed in prerelease custody, the prisoner— ‘‘(I) has been determined under the System to be a minimum or low risk to recidivate pursuant to the last 2 reassessments of the prisoner; or ‘‘(II) has had a petition to be transferred to prerelease custody or supervised release approved by the warden of the prison, after the warden’s determination that— ‘‘(aa) the prisoner would not be a danger to society if transferred to prerelease custody or supervised release; ‘‘(bb) the prisoner has made a good faith effort to lower their recidivism risk through participation in recidivism reduction programs or productive activities; and ‘‘(cc) the prisoner is unlikely to recidivate; or ‘‘(ii) in the case of a prisoner being placed in supervised release, the prisoner has been determined under the System to be a minimum or low risk to recidivate pursuant to the last reassessment of the prisoner. ‘‘(2) TYPES OF PRERELEASE CUSTODY .—A pris oner shall be placed in prerelease custody as follows: ‘‘(A) HOME CONFINEMENT .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—A prisoner placed in prerelease custody pursuant to this subsection who is placed in home confinement shall— ‘‘(I) be subject to 24hour electronic monitoring that enables the prompt identification of the prisoner, location, and time, in the case of any violation of subclause (II); ‘‘(II) remain in the prisoner’s residence, except that the prisoner may leave the prisoner’s home in order to, subject to the approval of the Director of the Bureau of Prisons— ‘‘(aa) perform a job or jobrelated activities, including an apprenticeship, or participate in jobseeking activities; ‘‘(bb) participate in evidencebased recidivism reduction programming or productive activities assigned by the System, or similar activities; ‘‘(cc) perform community service; ‘‘(dd) participate in crime victim restoration activities; ‘‘(ee) receive medical treatment; ‘‘(ff) attend religious activities; or ‘‘(gg) participate in other familyrelated activities that facilitate the prisoner’s successful reentry such as a family funeral, a family wedding, or to visit a family member who is seriously ill; and ‘‘(III) comply with such other conditions as the Director determines appropriate. ‘‘(ii) ALTERNATE MEANS OF MONITORING .—If the electronic monitoring of a prisoner described in clause (i)(I) is infeasible for technical or religious reasons, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons may use alternative means of monitoring a prisoner placed in home confinement that the Director determines are as effective or more effective than the electronic monitoring described in clause (i)(I). ‘‘(iii) MODIFICATIONS .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons may modify the conditions described in clause (i) if the Director determines 
that a compelling reason exists to do so, and that the prisoner has demonstrated exemplary compliance with such conditions. ‘‘(iv) DURATION .—Except as provided in paragraph (4), a prisoner who is placed in home confinement shall remain in home confinement until the prisoner has served not less than 85 percent of the prisoner’s imposed term of imprisonment. ‘‘(B) RESIDENTIAL REENTRY CENTER .—A pris oner placed in prerelease custody pursuant to this subsection who is placed at a residential reentry center shall be subject to such conditions as the Director of the Bureau of Prisons determines appropriate. ‘‘(3) SUPERVISED RELEASE .—If the sentencing court included as a part of the prisoner’s sentence a requirement that the prisoner be placed on a term of supervised release after imprisonment pursuant to section 3583, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons may transfer the prisoner to begin any such term of supervised release at an earlier date, not to exceed 12 months, based on the application of time credits under section 3632. ‘‘(4) DETERMINATION OF CONDITIONS .—In de termining appropriate conditions for prisoners placed in prerelease custody pursuant to this subsection, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall, to the extent practicable, provide that increasingly less restrictive conditions shall be imposed on prisoners who demonstrate continued compliance with the conditions of such prerelease custody, so as to most effectively prepare such prisoners for reentry. ‘‘(5) VIOLATIONS OF CONDITIONS .—If a pris oner violates a condition of the prisoner’s prerelease custody, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons may impose such additional conditions on the prisoner’s prerelease custody as the Director of the Bureau of Prisons determines appropriate, or revoke the prisoner’s prerelease custody and require the prisoner to serve the remainder of the term of imprisonment to which the prisoner was sentenced, or any portion thereof, in prison. If the violation is nontechnical in nature, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall revoke the prisoner’s prerelease custody. ‘‘(6) ISSUANCE OF GUIDELINES .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Assistant Director for the Office of Probation and Pretrial Services, shall issue guidelines for use by the Bureau of Prisons in determining— ‘‘(A) the appropriate type of prerelease custody or supervised release and level of supervision for a prisoner placed on prerelease custody pursuant to this subsection; and ‘‘(B) consequences for a violation of a condition of such prerelease custody by such a prisoner, including a return to prison and a reassessment of evidencebased recidivism risk level under the System. ‘‘(7) AGREEMENTS WITH UNITED STATES PROBA TION AND PRETRIAL SERVICES .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall, to the greatest extent practicable, enter into agreements with United States Probation and Pretrial Services to supervise prisoners placed in home confinement under this subsection. Such agreements shall— ‘‘(A) authorize United States Probation and Pretrial Services to exercise the authority granted to the Director pursuant to paragraphs (3) and (4); and ‘‘(B) take into account the resource requirements of United States Probation and Pretrial Services as a result of the transfer of Bureau of Prisons prisoners to prerelease custody or supervised release. ‘‘(8) ASSISTANCE .—United States Probation and Pretrial Services shall, to the greatest extent practicable, offer assistance to any prisoner not under its supervision during prerelease custody under this subsection. ‘‘(9) MENTORING , REENTRY , AND SPIRITUAL  
SERVICES .—Any prerelease custody into which a prisoner is placed under this subsection may not include a condition prohibiting the prisoner from receiving mentoring, reentry, or spiritual services from a person who provided such services to the prisoner while the prisoner was incarcerated, except that the warden of the facility at which the prisoner was incarcerated may waive the requirement under this paragraph if the warden finds that the provision of such services would pose a significant security risk to the prisoner, persons who provide such services, or any other person. The warden shall provide written notice of any such waiver to the person providing such services and to the prisoner. ‘‘(10) TIME LIMITS INAPPLICABLE .—The time limits under subsections (b) and (c) shall not apply to prerelease custody under this subsection. ‘‘(11) PRERELEASE CUSTODY CAPACITY .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall ensure there is sufficient prerelease custody capacity to accommodate all eligible prisoners.’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall take effect beginning on the date that the Attorney General completes and releases the risk and needs assessment system under subchapter D of chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act. (3) APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply with respect to offenses committed before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act, except that such amendments shall not apply with respect to offenses committed before November 1, 1987. 
Not later than 2 years after the Director of the Bureau of Prisons implements the risk and needs assessment system under section 3621 of title 18, United States Code, and every 2 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit of the use of the risk and needs assessment system at Bureau of Prisons facilities. The audit shall include analysis of the following: (1) Whether inmates are being assessed under the risk and needs assessment system with the frequency required under such section 3621 of title 18, United States Code. (2) Whether the Bureau of Prisons is able to offer recidivism reduction programs and productive activities (as such terms are defined in section 3635 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act). (3) Whether the Bureau of Prisons is offering the type, amount, and intensity of recidivism reduction programs and productive activities for prisoners to earn the maximum amount of time credits for which they are eligible. (4) Whether the Attorney General is carrying out the duties under section 3631(b) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act. (5) Whether officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons are receiving the training described in section 3632(f) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act. (6) Whether the Bureau of Prisons offers work assignments to all prisoners who might benefit from such an assignment. (7) Whether the Bureau of Prisons transfers prisoners to prerelease custody or supervised release as soon as they are eligible for such a transfer under section 3624(g) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 102(b) of this Act. (8) The rates of recidivism among similarly classified prisoners to identify any unwarranted disparities, including disparities among similarly classified prisoners of different demographic groups, in such rates. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this title $75,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. Of the amount appropriated under this subsection, 80 percent shall be reserved for use by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons to implement the system under section 3621(h) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 102(a) of this Act. (b) SAVINGS .—It is the sense of Congress that any savings associated with reductions in recidivism that result from this title should be reinvested— (1) to supplement funding for programs that increase public safety by providing resources to State and local law enforcement officials, including for the adoption of innovative technologies and information sharing capabilities; (2) into evidencebased recidivism reduction programs offered by the Bureau of Prisons; and (3) into ensuring eligible prisoners have access to such programs and productive activities offered by the Bureau of Prisons. 
Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, may be construed to provide authority to place a prisoner in prerelease custody or supervised release who is serving a term of imprisonment pursuant to a conviction for an offense under the laws of one of the 50 States, or of a territory or possession of the United States or to amend or affect the enforcement of the immigration laws, as defined in section 101 of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1101). 
(a) I NGENERAL .—In considering any program, treatment, regimen, group, company, charity, person, or entity of any kind under any provision of this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, the fact that it may be or is faithbased may not be a basis for any discrimination against it in any manner or for any purpose. (b) ELIGIBILITY FOR EARNED TIMECREDIT .— Participation in a faithbased program, treatment, or regimen may qualify a prisoner for earned time credit under subchapter D of chapter 229 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, however, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall ensure that nonfaithbased programs that qualify for earned time credit are offered at each Bureau of Prisons facility in addition to any such faith based programs. (c) LIMITATION ON ACTIVITIES .—A group, company, charity, person, or entity may not engage in explicitly religious activities using direct financial assistance made available under this title or the amendments made by this title. (d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this Act, or the amendments made by this Act, may be construed to amend any requirement under Federal law or the Constitution of the United States regarding funding for faithbased programs or activities. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General shall consult with an Independent Review Committee in carrying out the Attorney General’s duties under sections 3631(b), 3632 and 3633 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act. (b) FORMATION OF INDEPENDENT REVIEW COMMITTEE .—The National Institute of Justice shall select a nonpartisan and nonprofit organization with expertise in the study and development of risk and needs assessment tools to host the Independent Review Committee. The Independent Review Committee shall be established not later than 30 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) APPOINTMENT OF INDEPENDENT REVIEW  COMMITTEE .—The organization selected by the National Institute of Justice shall appoint not fewer than 6 members to the Independent Review Committee. (d) COMPOSITION OF THE INDEPENDENT REVIEW  COMMITTEE .—The members of the Independent Review Committee shall all have expertise in risk and needs assessment systems and shall include— (1) 2 individuals who have published peerreviewed scholarship about risk and needs assessments in both corrections and community settings; 
(2) 2 corrections practitioners who have developed and implemented a risk assessment tool in a corrections system or in a community supervision setting, including 1 with prior experience working within the Bureau of Prisons; and (3) 1 individual with expertise in assessing risk assessment implementation. (e) DUTIES OF THE INDEPENDENT REVIEW COMMITTEE .—The Independent Review Committee shall assist the Attorney General in carrying out the Attorney General’s duties under sections 3631(b), 3632 and 3633 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, including by assisting in— (1) conducting a review of the existing prisoner risk and needs assessment systems in operation on the date of enactment of this Act; (2) developing recommendations regarding evidencebased recidivism reduction programs and productive activities; (3) conducting research and data analysis on— (A) evidencebased recidivism reduction programs relating to the use of prisoner risk and needs assessment tools; (B) the most effective and efficient uses of such programs; and (C) which evidencebased recidivism reduction programs are the most effective at reducing recidivism, and the type, amount, and intensity of programming that most effectively reduces the risk of recidivism; and (4) reviewing and validating the risk and needs assessment system. (f) BUREAU OF PRISONS COOPERATION .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall assist the Independent Review Committee in performing the Committee’s duties and promptly respond to requests from the Committee for access to Bureau of Prisons facilities, personnel, and information. (g) REPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Independent Review Committee shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary and the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary and the Subcommittee on Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives a report that includes— (1) a list of all offenses of conviction for which prisoners were ineligible to receive time credits under section 3632(d)(4)(D) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, and for each offense the number of prisoners excluded, including demographic percentages by age, race, and sex; (2) the criminal history categories of prisoners ineligible to receive time credits under section 3632(d)(4)(D) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, and for each category the number of prisoners excluded, including demographic percentages by age, race, and sex; (3) the number of prisoners ineligible to apply time credits under section 3632(d)(4)(D) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, who do not participate in recidivism reduction programming or productive activities, including the demographic percentages by age, race, and sex; (4) any recommendations for modifications to section 3632(d)(4)(D) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, and any other recommendations regarding recidivism reduction. (h) TERMINATION .—The Independent Review Committee shall terminate on the date that is 2 years after the date on which the risk and needs assessment system authorized by sections 3632 and 3633 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act, is released. TITLE II—BUREAU OF PRISONS SECURE FIREARMS STORAGE SEC. 201. SHORT TITLE. 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Lieutenant Osvaldo Albarati Correctional Officer SelfProtection Act of 2018’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 4050. Secure firearms storage ‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘employee’ means a qualified law enforcement officer employed by the Bureau of Prisons; and ‘‘(2) the terms ‘firearm’ and ‘qualified law enforcement officer’ have the meanings given those terms under section 926B. ‘‘(b) SECURE FIREARMS STORAGE .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall ensure that each chief executive officer of a Federal penal or correctional institution— ‘‘(1)(A) provides a secure storage area located outside of the secure perimeter of the institution for employees to store firearms; or ‘‘(B) allows employees to store firearms in a vehicle lockbox approved by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons; and ‘‘(2) notwithstanding any other provision of law, allows employees to carry concealed firearms on the premises outside of the secure perimeter of the institution.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 303 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘4050. Secure firearms storage.’’. TITLE III—RESTRAINTS ON PREGNANT PRISONERS PROHIBITED 
SEC. 301. USE OF RESTRAINTS ON PRISONERS DURING THE PERIOD OF PREGNANCY AND POSTPARTUM RECOVERY PROHIBITED. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 317 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 4321 the following: ‘‘§ 4322. Use of restraints on prisoners during the period of pregnancy, labor, and postpartum recovery prohibited ‘‘(a) PROHIBITION .—Except as provided in subsection (b), beginning on the date on which pregnancy is confirmed by a healthcare professional, and ending at the conclusion of postpartum recovery, a prisoner in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons, or in the custody of the United States Marshals Service pursuant to section 4086, shall not be placed in restraints. ‘‘(b) EXCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The prohibition under subsection (a) shall not apply if— ‘‘(A) an appropriate corrections official, or a United States marshal, as applicable, makes a determination that the prisoner— ‘‘(i) is an immediate and credible flight risk that cannot reasonably be prevented by other means; or ‘‘(ii) poses an immediate and serious threat of harm to herself or others that cannot reasonably be prevented by other means; or ‘‘(B) a healthcare professional responsible for the health and safety of the prisoner determines that the use of restraints is appropriate for the medical safety of the prisoner. ‘‘(2) LEAST RESTRICTIVE RESTRAINTS .—In the case that restraints are used pursuant to an exception under paragraph (1), only the least restrictive restraints necessary to prevent the harm or risk of escape described in paragraph (1) may be used. ‘‘(3) APPLICATION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The exceptions under paragraph (1) may not be applied— ‘‘(i) to place restraints around the ankles, legs, or waist of a prisoner; ‘‘(ii) to restrain a prisoner’s hands behind her back; ‘‘(iii) to restrain a prisoner using 4point restraints; or ‘‘(iv) to attach a prisoner to another prisoner. ‘‘(B) MEDICAL REQUEST .—Notwithstanding paragraph (1), upon the request of a healthcare professional who is responsible for the health and safety of a prisoner, a corrections official or United States marshal, as applicable, shall refrain from using restraints on the prisoner or shall remove restraints used on the prisoner. ‘‘(c) REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) REPORT TO THE DIRECTOR AND  
HEALTHCARE PROFESSIONAL .—If a corrections official or United States marshal uses restraints on a prisoner under subsection (b)(1), that official or marshal shall submit, not later than 30 days after placing the prisoner in restraints, to the Director of the Bureau of Prisons or the Director of the United States Marshals Service, as applicable, and to the healthcare professional responsible for the health and safety of the prisoner, a written report that describes the facts and circumstances surrounding the use of restraints, and includes— ‘‘(A) the reasoning upon which the determination to use restraints was made; ‘‘(B) the details of the use of restraints, including the type of restraints used and length of time during which restraints were used; and ‘‘(C) any resulting physical effects on the prisoner observed by or known to the corrections official or United States marshal, as applicable. ‘‘(2) SUPPLEMENTAL REPORT TO THE DIREC TOR.—Upon receipt of a report under paragraph (1), the healthcare professional responsible for the health and safety of the prisoner may submit to the Director such information as the healthcare professional determines is relevant to the use of restraints on the prisoner. ‘‘(3) REPORT TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, and annually thereafter, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons and the Director of the United States Marshals Service shall each submit to the Judiciary Committee of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report that certifies compliance with this section and includes the information required to be reported under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) PERSONALLY IDENTIFIABLE INFORMA TION.—The report under this paragraph shall not contain any personally identifiable information of any prisoner. ‘‘(d) NOTICE .—Not later than 48 hours after the confirmation of a prisoner’s pregnancy by a healthcare professional, that prisoner shall be notified by an appropriate healthcare professional, corrections official, or United States marshal, as applicable, of the restrictions on the use of restraints under this section. ‘‘(e) VIOLATION REPORTING PROCESS .—The Di rector of the Bureau of Prisons, in consultation with the Director of the United States Marshals Service, shall establish a process through which a prisoner may report a violation of this section. ‘‘(f) TRAINING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons and the Director of the United States Marshals Service shall each develop training guidelines regarding the use of restraints on female prisoners during the period of pregnancy, labor, and postpartum recovery, and shall incorporate such guidelines into appropriate training programs. Such training guidelines shall include— ‘‘(A) how to identify certain symptoms of pregnancy that require immediate referral to a healthcare professional; ‘‘(B) circumstances under which the exceptions under subsection (b) would apply; ‘‘(C) in the case that an exception under subsection (b) applies, how to apply restraints in a way that does not harm the prisoner, the fetus, or the neonate; ‘‘(D) the information required to be reported under subsection (c); and 
‘‘(E) the right of a healthcare professional to request that restraints not be used, and the requirement under subsection (b)(3)(B) to comply with such a request. ‘‘(2) DEVELOPMENT OF GUIDELINES .—In devel oping the guidelines required by paragraph (1), the Directors shall each consult with healthcare professionals with expertise in caring for women during the period of pregnancy and postpartum recovery. ‘‘(g) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section: ‘‘(1) POSTPARTUM RECOVERY .—The term ‘postpartum recovery’ means the 12week period, or longer as determined by the healthcare professional responsible for the health and safety of the prisoner, following delivery, and shall include the entire period that the prisoner is in the hospital or infirmary. ‘‘(2) PRISONER .—The term ‘prisoner’ means a person who has been sentenced to a term of imprisonment pursuant to a conviction for a Federal criminal offense, or a person in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons, including a person in a Bureau of Prisons contracted facility. ‘‘(3) RESTRAINTS .—The term ‘restraints’ means any physical or mechanical device used to control the movement of a prisoner’s body, limbs, or both.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 317 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding after the item relating to section 4321 the following: ‘‘4322. Use of restraints on prisoners during the period of pregnancy, labor, and postpartum recovery prohibited.’’. TITLE IV—SENTENCING REFORM 
SEC. 401. REDUCE AND RESTRICT ENHANCED SENTENCING FOR PRIOR DRUG FELONIES. 
(a) C ONTROLLED SUBSTANCES ACTAMEND MENTS .—The Controlled Substances Act (21 U.S.C. 801 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 102 (21 U.S.C. 802), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(57) The term ‘serious drug felony’ means an offense described in section 924(e)(2) of title 18, United States Code, for which— ‘‘(A) the offender served a term of imprisonment of more than 12 months; and ‘‘(B) the offender’s release from any term of imprisonment was within 15 years of the commencement of the instant offense. ‘‘(58) The term ‘serious violent felony’ means— ‘‘(A) an offense described in section 3559(c)(2) of title 18, United States Code, for which the offender served a term of imprisonment of more than 12 months; and ‘‘(B) any offense that would be a felony violation of section 113 of title 18, United States Code, if the offense were committed in the special maritime and territorial jurisdiction of the United States, for which the offender served a term of imprisonment of more than 12 months.’’; and (2) in section 401(b)(1) (21 U.S.C. 841(b)(1))— (A) in subparagraph (A), in the matter following clause (viii)— (i) by striking ‘‘If any person commits such a violation after a prior conviction for a felony drug offense has become final, such person shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment which may not be less than 20 years’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘If any person commits such a violation after a prior conviction for a serious drug felony or serious violent felony has become final, such person shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 15 years’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘after two or more prior convictions for a felony drug offense have become final, such person shall be sentenced to a mandatory term of life imprisonment without release’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘after 2 or more prior convictions for a serious drug felony or serious violent felony have become final, such person shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 25 years’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), in the matter following clause (viii), by striking ‘‘If any person commits such a violation after a prior conviction for a felony drug offense has become final’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘If any person commits such a violation after a prior conviction for a serious drug felony or serious violent felony has become final’’. (b) CONTROLLED SUBSTANCES IMPORT AND EXPORT ACTAMENDMENTS .—Section 1010(b) of the Controlled Substances Import and Export Act (21 U.S.C. 960(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), in the matter following subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘If any person commits such a violation after a prior conviction for a felony drug offense has become final, such person shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 20 years’’ and inserting ‘‘If any person commits such a violation after a prior conviction for a serious drug felony or serious violent felony has become final, such person shall be sentenced to a term of imprisonment of not less than 15 years’’; and (2) in paragraph (2), in the matter following subparagraph (H), by striking ‘‘felony drug offense’’ and inserting ‘‘serious drug felony or serious violent felony’’. (c) APPLICABILITY TO PENDING CASES.—This section, and the amendments made by this section, shall apply to any offense that was committed before the date of enactment of this Act, if a sentence for the offense has not been imposed as of such date of enactment. 
(a) A MENDMENTS .—Section 3553 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (f)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘or section 1010’’ and inserting ‘‘, section 1010’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, or section 70503 or 70506 of title 46’’ after ‘‘963)’’; (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) the defendant does not have— ‘‘(A) more than 4 criminal history points, excluding any criminal history points resulting from a 1point offense, as determined under the sentencing guidelines; ‘‘(B) a prior 3point offense, as determined under the sentencing guidelines; and ‘‘(C) a prior 2point violent offense, as determined under the sentencing guidelines;’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Information disclosed by a defendant under this subsection may not be used to enhance the sentence of the defendant unless the information relates to a violent offense.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) DEFINITION OF VIOLENT OFFENSE .—As used in this section, the term ‘violent offense’ means a crime of violence, as defined in section 16, that is punishable by imprisonment.’’. (b) APPLICABILITY .—The amendments made by this section shall apply only to a conviction entered on or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 403. CLARIFICATION OF SECTION 924(c) OF TITLE 18, UNITED STATES CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 924(c)(1)(C) of title 18, United States Code, is amended, in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘second or subsequent conviction under this subsection’’ and inserting ‘‘violation of this subsection that occurs after a prior conviction under this subsection has become final’’. (b) APPLICABILITY TO PENDING CASES.—This section, and the amendments made by this section, shall apply to any offense that was committed before the date of enactment of this Act, if a sentence for the offense has not been imposed as of such date of enactment. 
(a) D EFINITION OF COVERED OFFENSE .—In this section, the term ‘‘covered offense’’ means a violation of a Federal criminal statute, the statutory penalties for which were modified by section 2 or 3 of the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–220; 124 Stat. 2372), that was committed before August 3, 2010. (b) DEFENDANTS PREVIOUSLY SENTENCED .—A court that imposed a sentence for a covered offense may, on motion of the defendant, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons, the attorney for the Government, or the court, impose a reduced sentence as if sections 2 and 3 of the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–220; 124 Stat. 2372) were in effect at the time the covered offense was committed. (c) LIMITATIONS .—No court shall entertain a motion made under this section to reduce a sentence if the sentence was previously imposed or previously reduced in accordance with the amendments made by sections 2 and 3 of the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–220; 124 Stat. 2372) or if a previous motion made under this section to reduce the sentence was, after the date of enactment of this Act, denied after a complete review of the motion on the merits. Nothing in this section shall be construed to require a court to reduce any sentence pursuant to this section. TITLE V—SECOND CHANCE ACT OF 2007 REAUTHORIZATION 
This title may be cited as the ‘‘Second Chance Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION OF ADULT AND JUVENILE OFFENDER STATE AND LOCAL DEMONSTRA TION PROJECTS .—Section 2976 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10631) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) GRANT AUTHORIZATION .—The Attorney General shall make grants to States, local governments, territories, or Indian tribes, or any combination thereof (in this section referred to as an ‘eligible entity’), in partnership with interested persons (including Federal corrections and supervision agencies), service providers, and nonprofit organizations for the purpose of strategic planning and implementation of adult and juvenile offender reentry projects.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘or reentry courts,’’ after ‘‘community,’’; (B) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (7), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) promoting employment opportunities consistent with the Transitional Jobs strategy (as defined in section 4 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60502)).’’; and (3) by striking subsections (d), (e), and (f) and inserting the following: ‘‘(d) COMBINED GRANT APPLICATION ; PRIORITY  CONSIDERATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Attorney General shall develop a procedure to allow applicants to submit a single application for a planning grant under subsection (e) and an implementation grant under subsection (f). ‘‘(2) PRIORITY CONSIDERATION .—The Attorney General shall give priority consideration to grant applications under subsections (e) and (f) that include a commitment by the applicant to partner with a local evaluator to identify and analyze data that will— ‘‘(A) enable the grantee to target the intended offender population; and ‘‘(B) serve as a baseline for purposes of the evaluation. ‘‘(e) PLANNING GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (3), the Attorney General may make a grant to an eligible entity of not more than $75,000 to develop a strategic, collaborative plan 
for an adult or juvenile offender reentry demonstration project as described in subsection (h) that includes— ‘‘(A) a budget and a budget justification; ‘‘(B) a description of the outcome measures that will be used to measure the effectiveness of the program in promoting public safety and public health; ‘‘(C) the activities proposed; ‘‘(D) a schedule for completion of the activities described in subparagraph (C); and ‘‘(E) a description of the personnel necessary to complete the activities described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(2) MAXIMUM TOTAL GRANTS AND GEO GRAPHIC DIVERSITY .— ‘‘(A) MAXIMUM AMOUNT .—The Attorney General may not make initial planning grants and implementation grants to 1 eligible entity in a total amount that is more than a $1,000,000. ‘‘(B) GEOGRAPHIC DIVERSITY .—The Attorney General shall make every effort to ensure equitable geographic distribution of grants under this section and take into consideration the needs of underserved populations, including rural and tribal communities. ‘‘(3) PERIOD OF GRANT .—A planning grant made under this subsection shall be for a period of not longer than 1 year, beginning on the first day of the month in which the planning grant is made. ‘‘(f) IMPLEMENTATION GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) APPLICATIONS .—An eligible entity desiring an implementation grant under this subsection shall submit to the Attorney General an application that— ‘‘(A) contains a reentry strategic plan as described in subsection (h), which describes the longterm strategy and incorporates a detailed implementation schedule, including the plans of the applicant to fund the program after Federal funding is discontinued; ‘‘(B) identifies the local government role and the role of governmental agencies and nonprofit organizations that will be coordinated by, and that will collaborate on, the offender reentry strategy of the applicant, and certifies the involvement of such agencies and organizations; ‘‘(C) describes the evidencebased methodology and outcome measures that will be used to evaluate the program funded with a grant under this subsection, and specifically explains how such measurements will provide valid measures of the impact of that program; and ‘‘(D) describes how the project could be broadly replicated if demonstrated to be effective. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—The Attorney General may make a grant to an applicant under this subsection only if the application— ‘‘(A) reflects explicit support of the chief executive officer, or their designee, of the State, unit of local government, territory, or Indian tribe applying for a grant under this subsection; ‘‘(B) provides discussion of the role of Federal corrections, State corrections departments, community corrections agencies, juvenile justice systems, and tribal or local jail systems in ensuring successful reentry of offenders into their communities; ‘‘(C) provides evidence of collaboration with State, local, or tribal government agencies overseeing health, housing, child welfare, education, substance abuse, victims services, and employment services, and with local law enforcement agencies; ‘‘(D) provides a plan for analysis of the statutory, regulatory, rulesbased, and practicebased hurdles to reintegration of offenders into the community; ‘‘(E) includes the use of a State, local, territorial, or tribal task force, described in subsection (i), to carry out the activities funded under the grant; ‘‘(F) provides a plan for continued collaboration with a local evaluator as necessary to meeting the requirements under subsection (h); and ‘‘(G) demonstrates that the applicant participated in the planning grant process or engaged in comparable planning for the reentry project. ‘‘(3) PRIORITY CONSIDERATIONS .—The Attorney General shall give priority to grant applications under this subsection that best— ‘‘(A) focus initiative on geographic areas with a disproportionate population of offenders released from prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities; ‘‘(B) include— ‘‘(i) input from nonprofit organizations, in any case where relevant input is available and appropriate to the grant application; ‘‘(ii) consultation with crime victims and offenders who are released from prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities; ‘‘(iii) coordination with families of offenders; ‘‘(iv) input, where appropriate, from the juvenile justice coordinating council of the region; ‘‘(v) input, where appropriate, from the reentry coordinating council of the region; or ‘‘(vi) input, where appropriate, from other interested persons; ‘‘(C) demonstrate effective case assessment and management abilities in order to provide comprehensive and continuous reentry, including— ‘‘(i) planning for prerelease transitional housing and community release that begins upon admission for juveniles and jail inmates, and, as appropriate, for prison inmates, depending on the length of the sentence; ‘‘(ii) establishing prerelease planning procedures to ensure that the eligibility of an offender for Federal, tribal, or State benefits upon release is established prior to release, subject to any limitations in law, and to ensure that offenders obtain all necessary referrals for reentry services, including assistance identifying and securing suitable housing; or ‘‘(iii) delivery of continuous and appropriate mental health services, drug treatment, medical care, job training and placement, educational services, vocational services, and any other service or support needed for reentry; ‘‘(D) review the process by which the applicant adjudicates violations of parole, probation, or supervision following release from prison, jail, or a juvenile facility, taking into account public safety and the use of graduated, communitybased sanctions for minor and technical violations of parole, probation, or supervision (specifically those violations that are not otherwise, and independently, a violation of law); ‘‘(E) provide for an independent evaluation of reentry programs that include, to the maximum extent possible, random assignment and controlled studies to determine the effectiveness of such programs; ‘‘(F) target moderate and highrisk offenders for reentry programs through validated assessment tools; or ‘‘(G) target offenders with histories of homelessness, substance abuse, or mental illness, including a prerelease assessment of the housing status of the offender and behavioral health needs of the offender with clear coordination with mental health, substance abuse, and homelessness services systems to achieve stable and permanent housing outcomes with appropriate support service. ‘‘(4) PERIOD OF GRANT .—A grant made under this subsection shall be effective for a 2year period— ‘‘(A) beginning on the date on which the planning grant awarded under subsection (e) concludes; or ‘‘(B) in the case of an implementation grant awarded to an eligible entity that did not receive a planning grant, beginning on the date on which the implementation grant is awarded.’’; (4) in subsection (h)— (A) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (B) by striking paragraph (1) and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—As a condition of receiving financial assistance under subsection (f), each application shall develop a comprehensive reentry strategic plan that— ‘‘(A) contains a plan to assess inmate reentry needs and measurable annual and 3year performance outcomes; ‘‘(B) uses, to the maximum extent possible, randomly assigned and controlled studies, or rigorous quasiexperimental studies with matched comparison groups, to determine the effectiveness of the program funded with a grant under subsection (f); and ‘‘(C) includes as a goal of the plan to reduce the rate of recidivism for offenders released from prison, jail or a juvenile facility with funds made available under subsection (f). ‘‘(2) LOCAL EVALUATOR .—A partnership with a local evaluator described in subsection (d)(2) shall require the local evaluator to use the baseline data and target population characteristics developed under a subsection (e) planning grant to derive a target goal for recidivism reduction during the 3year period beginning on the date of implementation of the program.’’; (5) in subsection (i)(1)— (A) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘under this section’’ and inserting ‘‘under subsection (f)’’; and (B) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘subsection (e)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)(2)(D)’’; (6) in subsection (j)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘for an implementation grant under subsection (f)’’ after ‘‘applicant’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (E), by inserting ‘‘, where appropriate’’ after ‘‘support’’; and (ii) by striking subparagraphs (F), (G), and (H), and inserting the following: ‘‘(F) increased number of staff trained to administer reentry services; ‘‘(G) increased proportion of individuals served by the program among those eligible to receive services; ‘‘(H) increased number of individuals receiving risk screening needs assessment, and case planning services; ‘‘(I) increased enrollment in, and completion of treatment services, including substance abuse and mental health services among those assessed as needing such services; ‘‘(J) increased enrollment in and degrees earned from educational programs, including high school, GED, vocational training, and college education; ‘‘(K) increased number of individuals obtaining and retaining employment; ‘‘(L) increased number of individuals obtaining and maintaining housing; ‘‘(M) increased selfreports of successful community living, including stability of living situation and positive family relationships; ‘‘(N) reduction in drug and alcohol use; and ‘‘(O) reduction in recidivism rates for individuals receiving reentry services after release, as compared to either baseline recidivism rates in the jurisdiction of the grantee or recidivism rates of the control or comparison group.’’; (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘facilities.’’ and inserting ‘‘facilities, including a costbenefit analysis to determine the cost effectiveness of the reentry program.’’; (D) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘this section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)’’; and (E) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘this section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)’’; (7) in subsection (k)(1), by striking ‘‘this section’’ each place the term appears and inserting ‘‘subsection (f)’’; (8) in subsection (l)— (A) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘beginning on the date on which the most recent implementation grant is made to the grantee under subsection (f)’’ after ‘‘2year period’’; and (B) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘over a 2 year period’’ and inserting ‘‘during the 2year period described in paragraph (2)’’; (9) in subsection (o)(1), by striking ‘‘appropriated’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘appropriated $35,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and 
(10) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(p) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘reentry court’ means a program that— ‘‘(1) monitors juvenile and adult eligible offenders reentering the community; ‘‘(2) provides continual judicial supervision; ‘‘(3) provides juvenile and adult eligible offenders reentering the community with coordinated and comprehensive reentry services and programs, such as— ‘‘(A) drug and alcohol testing and assessment for treatment; ‘‘(B) assessment for substance abuse from a substance abuse professional who is approved by the State or Indian tribe and licensed by the appropriate entity to provide alcohol and drug addiction treatment, as appropriate; ‘‘(C) substance abuse treatment, including medicationassisted treatment, from a provider that is approved by the State or Indian tribe, and licensed, if necessary, to provide medical and other health services; ‘‘(D) health (including mental health) services and assessment; ‘‘(E) aftercare and case management services that— ‘‘(i) facilitate access to clinical care and related health services; and ‘‘(ii) coordinate with such clinical care and related health services; and ‘‘(F) any other services needed for reentry; ‘‘(4) convenes community impact panels, victim impact panels, or victim impact educational classes; ‘‘(5) provides and coordinates the delivery of community services to juvenile and adult eligible offenders, including— ‘‘(A) housing assistance; ‘‘(B) education; ‘‘(C) job training; ‘‘(D) conflict resolution skills training; ‘‘(E) batterer intervention programs; and ‘‘(F) other appropriate social services; and ‘‘(6) establishes and implements graduated sanctions and incentives.’’. (b) GRANTS FOR FAMILY BASED SUBSTANCE  ABUSE TREATMENT .—Part DD of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10591 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 2921 (34 U.S.C. 10591), in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘nonprofit organizations,’’ before ‘‘and Indian’’; (2) in section 2923 (34 U.S.C. 10593), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) PRIORITY CONSIDERATIONS .—The Attorney General shall give priority consideration to grant applications for grants under section 2921 that are submitted by a nonprofit organization that demonstrates a relationship with State and local criminal justice agencies, including— ‘‘(1) within the judiciary and prosecutorial agencies; or ‘‘(2) with the local corrections agencies, which shall be documented by a written agreement that details the terms of access to facilities and participants and provides information on the history of the organization of working with correctional populations.’’; and (3) by striking section 2926(a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this part $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (c) GRANT PROGRAM TOEVALUATE AND IMPROVE EDUCATIONAL METHODS AT PRISONS , JAILS, ANDJUVENILE FACILITIES .—Title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3711 et seq.) is amended— (1) by striking the second part designated as part JJ, as added by the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–199; 122 Stat. 677), relating to grants to evaluate and improve educational methods at prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities; (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘PART NN—GRANT PROGRAM TO EVALUATE AND IMPROVE EDUCATIONAL METHODS AT PRISONS, JAILS, AND JUVENILE FACILITIES ‘‘SEC. 3041. GRANT PROGRAM TO EVALUATE AND IMPROVE EDUCATIONAL METHODS AT PRISONS, JAILS, AND JUVENILE FACILITIES. 
‘‘(a) G RANT PROGRAM AUTHORIZED .—The At torney General may carry out a grant program under which the Attorney General may make grants to States, units of local government, territories, Indian Tribes, and other public and private entities to— ‘‘(1) evaluate methods to improve academic and vocational education for offenders in prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities; ‘‘(2) identify, and make recommendations to the Attorney General regarding, best practices relating to academic and vocational education for offenders in prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities, based on the evaluation under paragraph (1); ‘‘(3) improve the academic and vocational education programs (including technology career training) available to offenders in prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities; and ‘‘(4) implement methods to improve academic and vocational education for offenders in prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities consistent with the best practices identified in subsection (c). ‘‘(b) APPLICATION .—To be eligible for a grant under this part, a State or other entity described in subsection (a) shall submit to the Attorney General an application in such form and manner, at such time, and accompanied by such information as the Attorney General specifies. ‘‘(c) BEST PRACTICES .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Second Chance Reauthorization Act of 2018, the Attorney General shall identify and publish best practices relating to academic and vocational education for offenders in prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities. The best practices shall consider the evaluations performed and recommendations made under grants made under subsection (a) before the date of enactment of the Second Chance Reauthorization Act of 2018. ‘‘(d) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after the last day of the final fiscal year of a grant under this part, each entity described in subsection (a) receiving such a grant shall submit to the Attorney General a detailed report of the progress made by the entity using such grant, to permit the Attorney General to evaluate and improve academic and vocational education methods carried out with grants under this part.’’; and (3) in section 1001(a) of part J of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10261(a)), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(28) There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out section 3031(a)(4) of part NN $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023.’’. (d) CAREERS TRAINING DEMONSTRATION  GRANTS .—Section 115 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60511) is amended— (1) in the heading, by striking ‘‘
CAREERS ’’ and inserting ‘‘ CAREERS ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) by striking ‘‘and Indian’’ and inserting ‘‘nonprofit organizations, and Indian’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘technology career training to prisoners’’ and inserting ‘‘career training, including subsidized employment, when part of a training program, to prisoners and reentering youth and adults’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) by striking ‘‘technology careers training’’; (B) by striking ‘‘technologybased’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘, as well as upon transition and reentry into the community’’ after ‘‘facility’’; (4) by striking subsection (e); (5) by redesignating subsections (c) and (d) as subsections (d) and (e), respectively; (6) by inserting after subsection (b) the following: ‘‘(c) PRIORITY CONSIDERATION .—Priority consideration shall be given to any application under this section that— ‘‘(1) provides assessment of local demand for employees in the geographic areas to which offenders are likely to return; ‘‘(2) conducts individualized reentry career planning upon the start of incarceration or postrelease employment planning for each offender served under the grant; ‘‘(3) demonstrates connections to employers within the local community; or ‘‘(4) tracks and monitors employment outcomes.’’; and (7) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $10,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023.’’. (e) OFFENDER REENTRY SUBSTANCE ABUSE AND  CRIMINAL JUSTICE COLLABORATION PROGRAM .— Section 201(f)(1) of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60521(f)(1)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this section $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (f) COMMUNITY BASED MENTORING AND TRANSITIONAL SERVICE GRANTS TO NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 211 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60531) is amended— (A) in the header, by striking ‘‘
GRANTS TO NONPROFIT ORGANIZATIONS ’’ and in serting ‘‘
ORGANIZATIONS ’’; (B) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘mentoring and other’’; (C) in subsection (b), by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) transitional services to assist in the reintegration of offenders into the community, including— ‘‘(A) educational, literacy, and vocational, services and the Transitional Jobs strategy; ‘‘(B) substance abuse treatment and services; ‘‘(C) coordinated supervision and services for offenders, including physical health care and comprehensive housing and mental health care; ‘‘(D) family services; and ‘‘(E) validated assessment tools to assess the risk factors of returning inmates; and’’; and (D) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘this section’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘this section $15,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (2) TABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 2 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–199; 122 Stat. 657) is amended by striking the item relating to section 211 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 211. Communitybased mentoring and transitional service grants.’’. (g) DEFINITIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 4 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60502) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘In this Act— ‘‘(1) the term ‘exoneree’ means an individual who— ‘‘(A) has been convicted of a Federal, tribal, or State offense that is punishable by a term of imprisonment of more than 1 year; ‘‘(B) has served a term of imprisonment for not less than 6 months in a Federal, tribal, or State prison or correctional facility as a result of the conviction described in subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(C) has been determined to be factually innocent of the offense described in subparagraph (A); ‘‘(2) the term ‘Indian tribe’ has the meaning given in section 901 of title I of the Omnibus 
Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10251); ‘‘(3) the term ‘offender’ includes an exoneree; and ‘‘(4) the term ‘Transitional Jobs strategy’ means an employment strategy for youth and adults who are chronically unemployed or those that have barriers to employment that— ‘‘(A) is conducted by State, tribal, and local governments, State, tribal, and local workforce boards, and nonprofit organizations; ‘‘(B) provides timelimited employment using individual placements, team placements, and social enterprise placements, without displacing existing employees; ‘‘(C) pays wages in accordance with applicable law, but in no event less than the higher of the rate specified in section 6(a)(1) of the Fair Labor Standards Act of 1938 (29 U.S.C. 206(a)(1)) or the applicable State or local minimum wage law, which are subsidized, in whole or in part, by public funds; ‘‘(D) combines timelimited employment with activities that promote skill development, remove barriers to employment, and lead to unsubsidized employment such as a thorough orientation and individual assessment, job readiness and life skills training, case management and supportive services, adult education and training, child supportrelated services, job retention support and incentives, and other similar activities; ‘‘(E) places participants into unsubsidized employment; and ‘‘(F) provides job retention, reemployment services, and continuing and vocational education to ensure continuing participation in unsubsidized employment and identification of opportunities for advancement.’’. (2) TABLE OF CONTENTS AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 2 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (Public Law 110–199; 122 Stat. 657) is amended by striking the item relating to section 4 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 4. Definitions.’’. (h) EXTENSION OF THE LENGTH OF SECTION  2976 GRANTS .—Section 6(1) of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60504(1)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or under section 2976 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10631)’’ after ‘‘and 212’’. 
(a) D EFINITIONS .—In this section— (1) the term ‘‘covered grant program’’ means grants awarded under section 115, 201, or 211 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60511, 60521, and 60531), as amended by this title; (2) the term ‘‘covered grantee’’ means a recipient of a grant from a covered grant program; (3) the term ‘‘nonprofit’’, when used with respect to an organization, means an organization that is described in section 501(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code; and (4) the term ‘‘unresolved audit finding’’ means an audit report finding in a final audit report of the Inspector General of the Department of Justice that a covered grantee has used grant funds awarded to that grantee under a covered grant program for an unauthorized expenditure or otherwise unallowable cost that is not closed or resolved during a 12month period prior to the date on which the final audit report is issued. (b) AUDIT REQUIREMENT .—Beginning in fiscal year 2019, and annually thereafter, the Inspector General of the Department of Justice shall conduct audits of covered grantees to prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds awarded under covered grant programs. The Inspector General shall determine the appropriate number of covered grantees to be audited each year. (c) MANDATORY EXCLUSION .—A grantee that is found to have an unresolved audit finding under an audit conducted under subsection (b) may not receive grant funds under a covered grant program in the fiscal year following the fiscal year to which the finding relates. (d) REIMBURSEMENT .—If a covered grantee is awarded funds under the covered grant program from which it received a grant award during the 1fiscalyear period during which the covered grantee is ineligible for an allocation of grant funds under subsection (c), the Attorney General shall— (1) deposit into the General Fund of the Treasury an amount that is equal to the amount of the grant funds that were improperly awarded to the covered grantee; and (2) seek to recoup the costs of the repayment to the Fund from the covered grantee that was improperly awarded the grant funds. (e) PRIORITY OF GRANT AWARDS .—The Attorney General, in awarding grants under a covered grant program shall give priority to eligible entities that during the 2year period preceding the application for a grant have not been found to have an unresolved audit finding. (f) NONPROFIT REQUIREMENTS .— (1) PROHIBITION .—A nonprofit organization that holds money in offshore accounts for the purpose of avoiding the tax described in section 511(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, shall not be eligible to receive, directly or indirectly, any funds from a covered grant program. (2) DISCLOSURE .—Each nonprofit organization that is a covered grantee shall disclose in its application for such a grant, as a condition of receipt of such a grant, the compensation of its officers, directors, and trustees. Such disclosure shall include a description of the criteria relied on to determine such compensation. (g) PROHIBITION ON LOBBYING ACTIVITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Amounts made available under a covered grant program may not be used by any covered grantee to— (A) lobby any representative of the Department of Justice regarding the award of grant funding; or (B) lobby any representative of the Federal Government or a State, local, or tribal government regarding the award of grant funding. (2) PENALTY .—If the Attorney General determines that a covered grantee has violated paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall— (A) require the covered grantee to repay the grant in full; and (B) prohibit the covered grantee from receiving a grant under the covered grant program from which it received a grant award during at least the 5year period beginning on the date of such violation. 
(a) R ESPONSIBLE REINTEGRATION OF OFFEND ERS.—Section 212 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60532) is repealed. (b) FEDERAL PRISONER REENTRY INITIATIVE .— Section 231 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (434 U.S.C. 60541) is amended— (1) in subsection (g)— (A) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘carried out during fiscal years 2009 and 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘carried out during fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’; and (B) in paragraph (5)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘the greater of 10 years or’’; (2) by striking subsection (h); (3) by redesignating subsection (i) as subsection (h); and (4) in subsection (h), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘2009 and 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. (c) ENHANCING REPORTING REQUIREMENTS  PERTAINING TO COMMUNITY CORRECTIONS .—Sec tion 3624(c) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), in the second sentence, by inserting ‘‘, and number of prisoners not being placed in community corrections facilities for each reason set forth’’ before ‘‘, and any other information’’; and (2) in paragraph (6), by striking ‘‘the Second Chance Act of 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘the Second Chance Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. (d) TERMINATION OF STUDY ON EFFECTIVENESS  
OFDEPOT NALTREXONE FOR HEROIN ADDICTION.—Section 244 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60554) is repealed. (e) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS FOR  RESEARCH .—Section 245 of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60555) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘243, and 244’’ and inserting ‘‘and 243’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘$10,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2009 and 2010’’ and inserting ‘‘$5,000,000 for each of the fiscal years 2019, 2020, 2021, 2022, and 2023’’. (f) FEDERAL PRISONER RECIDIVISM REDUCTION  PROGRAMMING ENHANCEMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 3621 of title 18, United States Code, as amended by section 102(a) of this Act, is amended— (A) by redesignating subsection (g) as subsection (i); and (B) by inserting after subsection (f) the following: ‘‘(g) PARTNERSHIPS TOEXPAND ACCESS TO REENTRY PROGRAMS PROVEN TOREDUCE RECIDI VISM.— ‘‘(1) DEFINITION .—The term ‘demonstrated to reduce recidivism’ means that the Director of Bureau of Prisons has determined that appropriate research has been conducted and has validated the effectiveness of the type of program on recidivism. ‘‘(2) ELIGIBILITY FOR RECIDIVISM REDUCTION  
PARTNERSHIP .—A faithbased or community based nonprofit organization that provides mentoring or other programs that have been demonstrated to reduce recidivism is eligible to enter into a recidivism reduction partnership with a prison or communitybased facility operated by the Bureau of Prisons. ‘‘(3) RECIDIVISM REDUCTION PARTNERSHIPS .— The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall develop policies to require wardens of prisons and communitybased facilities to enter into recidivism reduction partnerships with faithbased and communitybased nonprofit organizations that are willing to provide, on a volunteer basis, programs described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(4) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall submit to Congress an annual report on the last day of each fiscal year that— ‘‘(A) details, for each prison and community based facility for the fiscal year just ended— ‘‘(i) the number of recidivism reduction partnerships under this section that were in effect; ‘‘(ii) the number of volunteers that provided recidivism reduction programming; and ‘‘(iii) the number of recidivism reduction programming hours provided; and ‘‘(B) explains any disparities between facilities in the numbers reported under subparagraph (A).’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall take effect 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act. (g) REPEALS .— (1) Section 2978 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10633) is repealed. (2) Part CC of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10581 et seq.) is repealed. 
(a) R EENTRY COORDINATION .—The Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development, the Secretary of Labor, the Secretary of Education, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, the Secretary of Agriculture, and the heads of such other agencies of the Federal Government as the Attorney General considers appropriate, and in collaboration with interested persons, service providers, nonprofit organizations, and State, tribal, and local governments, shall coordinate on Federal programs, policies, and activities relating to the reentry of individuals returning from incarceration to the community, with an emphasis on evidencebased practices and protection against duplication of services. 
(b) R EPORT .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Attorney General, in consultation with the Secretaries listed in subsection (a), shall submit to Congress a report summarizing the achievements under subsection (a), and including recommendations for Congress that would further reduce barriers to successful reentry. 
(a) L IMITATION .—No amounts authorized to be appropriated to the Department of Justice under this title, or any amendments made by this title, may be used by the Attorney General, or by any individual or organization awarded discretionary funds under this title, or any amendments made by this title, to host or support any expenditure for conferences that uses more than $20,000 in Department funds, unless the Deputy Attorney General or such Assistant Attorney Generals, Directors, or principal deputies as the Deputy Attorney General may designate, provides prior written authorization that the funds may be expended to host a conference. A conference that uses more than $20,000 in such funds, but less than an average of $500 in such funds for each attendee of the conference, shall not be subject to the limitations of this section. (b) WRITTEN APPROVAL .—Written approval under subsection (a) shall include a written estimate of all costs associated with the conference, including the cost of all food and beverages, audiovisual equipment, honoraria for speakers, and any entertainment. (c) REPORT .—The Deputy Attorney General shall submit an annual report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives on all approved conference expenditures referenced in this section. 
SEC. 507. EVALUATION OF THE SECOND CHANCE ACT PROGRAM. 
(a) E VALUATION OF THE SECOND CHANCE ACT GRANT PROGRAM .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the National Institute of Justice shall evaluate the effectiveness of grants used by the Department of Justice to support offender reentry and recidivism reduction programs at the State, local, Tribal, and Federal levels. The National Institute of Justice shall evaluate the following: (1) The effectiveness of such programs in relation to their cost, including the extent to which the programs improve reentry outcomes, including employment, education, housing, reductions in recidivism, of participants in comparison to comparably situated individuals who did not participate in such programs and activities. (2) The effectiveness of program structures and mechanisms for delivery of services. (3) The impact of such programs on the communities and participants involved. (4) The impact of such programs on related programs and activities. (5) The extent to which such programs meet the needs of various demographic groups. (6) The quality and effectiveness of technical assistance provided by the Department of Justice to grantees for implementing such programs. (7) Such other factors as may be appropriate. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF FUNDS FOR EVALUA TION.—Not more than 1 percent of any amounts authorized to be appropriated to carry out the Second Chance Act grant program shall be made available to the National Institute of Justice each year to evaluate the processes, implementation, outcomes, costs, and effectiveness of the Second Chance Act grant program in improving reentry and reducing recidivism. Such funding may be used to provide support to grantees for supplemental data collection, analysis, and coordination associated with evaluation activities. (c) TECHNIQUES .—Evaluations conducted under this section shall use appropriate methodology and research designs. Impact evaluations conducted under this section shall include the use of intervention and control groups chosen by random assignment methods, to the extent possible. (d) METRICS AND OUTCOMES FOR EVALUA TION.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the National Institute of Justice shall consult with relevant stakeholders and identify outcome measures, including employment, housing, education, and public safety, that are to be achieved by programs authorized under the Second Chance Act grant program and the metrics by which the achievement of such outcomes shall be determined. (2) PUBLICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the National Institute of Justice identifies metrics and outcomes under paragraph (1), the Attorney General shall publish such metrics and outcomes identified. (e) DATA COLLECTION .—As a condition of award under the Second Chance Act grant program (including a subaward under section 3021(b) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10701(b))), grantees shall be required to collect and report to the Department of Justice data based upon the metrics identified under subsection (d). In accordance with applicable law, collection of individuallevel data under a pledge of confidentiality shall be protected by the National Institute of Justice in accordance with such pledge. (f) DATA ACCESSIBILITY .—Not later than 5 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the National Institute of Justice shall— (1) make data collected during the course of evaluation under this section available in de identified form in such a manner that reasonably protects a pledge of confidentiality to participants under subsection (e); and (2) make identifiable data collected during the course of evaluation under this section available to qualified researchers for future research and evaluation, in accordance with applicable law. (g) PUBLICATION AND REPORTING OF EVALUA TION FINDINGS .—The National Institute of Justice shall— (1) not later than 365 days after the date on which the enrollment of participants in an impact evaluation is completed, publish an interim report on such evaluation; (2) not later than 90 days after the date on which any evaluation is completed, publish and make publicly available such evaluation; and (3) not later than 60 days after the completion date described in paragraph (2), submit a report to the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives and the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate on such evaluation. (h) SECOND CHANCE ACTGRANT PROGRAM DEFINED .—In this section, the term ‘‘Second Chance Act grant program’’ means any grant program reauthorized under this title and the amendments made by this title. 
Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the First Step Act of 2018 the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of all of the grant awards made under this title and amendments made by this title that includes— (1) an evaluation of the effectiveness of the reentry programs funded by grant awards under this title and amendments made by this title at reducing recidivism, including a determination of which reentry programs were most effective; (2) recommendations on how to improve the effectiveness of reentry programs, including those for which prisoners may earn time credits under the First Step Act of 2018; and (3) an evaluation of the effectiveness of mental health services, drug treatment, medical care, job training and placement, educational services, and vocational services programs funded under this title and amendments made by this title. TITLE VI—MISCELLANEOUS CRIMINAL JUSTICE SEC. 601. PLACEMENT OF PRISONERS CLOSE TO FAMILIES. 
Section 3621(b) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘shall designate the place of the prisoner’s imprisonment.’’ and inserting ‘‘shall designate the place of the prisoner’s imprisonment, and shall, subject to bed availability, the prisoner’s security designation, the prisoner’s programmatic needs, the prisoner’s mental and medical health needs, any request made by the prisoner related to faithbased needs, recommendations of the sentencing court, and other security concerns of the Bureau of Prisons, place the prisoner in a facility as close as practicable to the prisoner’s primary residence, and to the extent practicable, in a facility within 500 driving miles of that residence. The Bureau shall, subject to consideration of the factors described in the preceding sentence and the prisoner’s preference for staying at his or her current facility or being transferred, transfer prisoners to facilities that are closer to the prisoner’s primary residence even if the prisoner is already in a facility within 500 driving miles of that residence.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Notwithstanding any other provision of law, a designation of a place of imprisonment under this subsection is not reviewable by any court.’’. 
Section 3624(c)(2) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Bureau of Prisons shall, to the extent practicable, place prisoners with lower risk levels and lower needs on home confinement for the maximum amount of time permitted under this paragraph.’’. 
SEC. 603. FEDERAL PRISONER REENTRY INITIATIVE REAUTHORIZATION; MODIFICATION OF IMPOSED TERM OF IMPRISONMENT. 
(a) F EDERAL PRISONER REENTRY INITIATIVE  REAUTHORIZATION .—Section 231(g) of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60541(g)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘and eligible terminally ill offenders’’ after ‘‘elderly offenders’’ each place the term appears; (B) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘a Bureau of Prisons facility’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Prisons facilities’’; (C) in subparagraph (B)— (i) by striking ‘‘the Bureau of Prisons facility’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Prisons facilities’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘, upon written request from either the Bureau of Prisons or an eligible elderly offender or eligible terminally ill offender’’ after ‘‘to home detention’’; and (D) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘the Bureau of Prisons facility’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Prisons facilities’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by inserting ‘‘or eligible terminally ill offender’’ after ‘‘elderly offender’’; (3) in paragraph (3), as amended by section 504(b)(1)(A) of this Act, by striking ‘‘at least one Bureau of Prisons facility’’ and inserting ‘‘Bureau of Prisons facilities’’; and (4) in paragraph (4)— (A) by inserting ‘‘or eligible terminally ill offender’’ after ‘‘each eligible elderly offender’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘and eligible terminally ill offenders’’ after ‘‘eligible elderly offenders’’; and (5) in paragraph (5)— (A) in subparagraph (A)— (i) in clause (i), striking ‘‘65 years of age’’ and inserting ‘‘60 years of age’’; and (ii) in clause (ii), as amended by section 504(b)(1)(B) of this Act, by striking ‘‘75 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘
2⁄3’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘(D) E LIGIBLE TERMINALLY ILL OFFENDER .— The term ‘eligible terminally ill offender’ means an offender in the custody of the Bureau of Prisons who— ‘‘(i) is serving a term of imprisonment based on conviction for an offense or offenses that do not include any crime of violence (as defined in section 16(a) of title 18, United States Code), sex offense (as defined in section 111(5) of the Sex Offender Registration and Notification Act (34 U.S.C. 20911(5))), offense described in section 2332b(g)(5)(B) of title 18, United States Code, or offense under chapter 37 of title 18, United States Code; ‘‘(ii) satisfies the criteria specified in clauses (iii) through (vii) of subparagraph (A); and ‘‘(iii) has been determined by a medical doctor approved by the Bureau of Prisons to be— ‘‘(I) in need of care at a nursing home, intermediate care facility, or assisted living facility, as those terms are defined in section 232 of the National Housing Act (12 U.S.C. 1715w); or ‘‘(II) diagnosed with a terminal illness.’’. (b) INCREASING THE USE AND TRANSPARENCY  
OFCOMPASSIONATE RELEASE .—Section 3582 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) in subsection (c)(1)(A), in the matter preceding clause (i), by inserting after ‘‘Bureau of Prisons,’’ the following: ‘‘or upon motion of the defendant after the defendant has fully exhausted all administrative rights to appeal a failure of the Bureau of Prisons to bring a motion on the defendant’s behalf or the lapse of 30 days from the receipt of such a request by the warden of the defendant’s facility, whichever is earlier,’’; (2) by redesignating subsection (d) as subsection (e); and (3) by inserting after subsection (c) the following: ‘‘(d) NOTIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) TERMINAL ILLNESS DEFINED .—In this subsection, the term ‘terminal illness’ means a disease or condition with an endoflife trajectory. ‘‘(2) NOTIFICATION .—The Bureau of Prisons shall, subject to any applicable confidentiality requirements— ‘‘(A) in the case of a defendant diagnosed with a terminal illness— ‘‘(i) not later than 72 hours after the diagnosis notify the defendant’s attorney, partner, and family members of the defendant’s condition and inform the defendant’s attorney, partner, and family members that they may prepare and submit on the defendant’s behalf a request for a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); ‘‘(ii) not later than 7 days after the date of the diagnosis, provide the defendant’s partner and family members (including extended family) with an opportunity to visit the defendant in person; ‘‘(iii) upon request from the defendant or his attorney, partner, or a family member, ensure that Bureau of Prisons employees assist the defendant in the preparation, drafting, and submission of a request for a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); and ‘‘(iv) not later than 14 days of receipt of a request for a sentence reduction submitted on the defendant’s behalf by the defendant or the defendant’s attorney, partner, or family member, process the request; ‘‘(B) in the case of a defendant who is physically or mentally unable to submit a request for a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A)— ‘‘(i) inform the defendant’s attorney, partner, and family members that they may prepare and submit on the defendant’s behalf a request for a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); ‘‘(ii) accept and process a request for sentence reduction that has been prepared and submitted on the defendant’s behalf by the defendant’s attorney, partner, or family member under clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) upon request from the defendant or his attorney, partner, or family member, ensure that Bureau of Prisons employees assist the defendant in the preparation, drafting, and submission of a request for a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); and ‘‘(C) ensure that all Bureau of Prisons facilities regularly and visibly post, including in prisoner handbooks, staff training materials, and facility law libraries and medical and hospice facilities, and make available to prisoners upon demand, notice of— ‘‘(i) a defendant’s ability to request a sentence reduction pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A); ‘‘(ii) the procedures and timelines for initiating and resolving requests described in clause (i); and ‘‘(iii) the right to appeal a denial of a request described in clause (i) after all administrative rights to appeal within the Bureau of Prisons have been exhausted. ‘‘(3) ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this subsection, and once every year thereafter, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report on requests for sentence reductions pursuant to subsection (c)(1)(A), which shall include a description of, for the previous year— ‘‘(A) the number of prisoners granted and denied sentence reductions, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(B) the number of requests initiated by or on behalf of prisoners, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(C) the number of requests that Bureau of Prisons employees assisted prisoners in drafting, preparing, or submitting, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence, and the final decision made in each request; ‘‘(D) the number of requests that attorneys, partners, or family members submitted on a defendant’s behalf, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence, and the final decision made in each request; ‘‘(E) the number of requests approved by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(F) the number of requests denied by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons and the reasons given for each denial, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(G) for each request, the time elapsed between the date the request was received by the warden and the final decision, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(H) for each request, the number of prisoners who died while their request was pending and, for each, the amount of time that had elapsed between the date the request was received by the Bureau of Prisons, categorized by the criteria relied on as the grounds for a reduction in sentence; ‘‘(I) the number of Bureau of Prisons notifications to attorneys, partners, and family members of their right to visit a terminally ill defendant as required under paragraph (2)(A)(ii) and, for each, whether a visit occurred and how much time elapsed between the notification and the visit; ‘‘(J) the number of visits to terminally ill prisoners that were denied by the Bureau of Prisons due to security or other concerns, and the reasons given for each denial; and ‘‘(K) the number of motions filed by defendants with the court after all administrative rights to appeal a denial of a sentence reduction had been exhausted, the outcome of each motion, and the time that had elapsed between the date the request was first received by the Bureau of Prisons and the date the defendant filed the motion with the court.’’. SEC. 604. IDENTIFICATION FOR RETURNING CITIZENS. 
FORFEDERAL PRISONERS .—Section 231(b) of the Second Chance Act of 2007 (34 U.S.C. 60541(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘(including’’ and inserting ‘‘prior to release from a term of imprisonment in a Federal prison or if the individual was not sentenced to a term of imprisonment in a Federal prison, prior to release from a sentence to a term in community confinement, including’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘or birth certificate) prior to release’’ and inserting ‘‘and a birth certificate’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) DEFINITION .—In this subsection, the term ‘community confinement’ means residence in a community treatment center, halfway house, restitution center, mental health facility, alcohol or drug rehabilitation center, or other community facility.’’. (b) DUTIES OF THE BUREAU OF PRISONS .—Sec tion 4042(a) of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (D) and (E) as paragraphs (6) and (7), respectively; (2) in paragraph (6) (as so redesignated)— (A) in clause (i)— (i) by striking ‘‘Social Security Cards,’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (B) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); (C) by inserting after clause (i) the following: ‘‘(ii) obtain identification, including a social security card, driver’s license or other official photo identification, and a birth certificate; and’’; (D) in clause (iii) (as so redesignated), by inserting after ‘‘prior to release’’ the following: ‘‘from a sentence to a term of imprisonment in a Federal prison or if the individual was not sentenced to a term of imprisonment in a Federal prison, prior to release from a sentence to a term of community confinement’’; and (E) by redesignating clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) (as so amended) as subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; and (3) in paragraph (7) (as so redesignated), by redesignating clauses (i) through (vii) as subparagraphs (A) through (G), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly. 
SEC. 605. EXPANDING INMATE EMPLOYMENT THROUGH FEDERAL PRISON INDUSTRIES. 
(a) N EWMARKET AUTHORIZATIONS .—Chapter 307 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after section 4129 the following: ‘‘§ 4130. Additional markets ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—Except as provided in subsection (b), notwithstanding any other provision of law, Federal Prison Industries may sell products to— ‘‘(1) public entities for use in penal or correctional institutions; ‘‘(2) public entities for use in disaster relief or emergency response; ‘‘(3) the government of the District of Columbia; and ‘‘(4) any organization described in subsection (c)(3), (c)(4), or (d) of section 501 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 that is exempt from taxation under section 501(a) of such Code. ‘‘(b) OFFICE FURNITURE .—Federal Prison Industries may not sell office furniture to the organizations described in subsection (a)(4). ‘‘(c) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘office furniture’ means any product or service offering intended to meet the furnishing needs of the workplace, including office, healthcare, educational, and hospitality environments. ‘‘(2) The term ‘public entity’ means a State, a subdivision of a State, an Indian tribe, and an agency or governmental corporation or business of any of the foregoing. 
‘‘(3) The term ‘State’ means a State, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, Guam, American Samoa, the Northern Mariana Islands, and the United States Virgin Islands.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 307 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 4129 the following: ‘‘4130. Additional markets.’’. (c) DEFERRED COMPENSATION .—Section 4126(c)(4) of title 18, United States Code, is amended by inserting after ‘‘operations,’’ the following: ‘‘not less than 15 percent of such compensation for any inmate shall be reserved in the fund or a separate account and made available to assist the inmate with costs associated with release from prison,’’. (d) GAO REPORT .—Beginning not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an audit of Federal Prison Industries that includes the following: (1) An evaluation of Federal Prison Industries’s effectiveness in reducing recidivism compared to other rehabilitative programs in the prison system. (2) An evaluation of the scope and size of the additional markets made available to Federal Prison Industries under this section and the total market value that would be opened up to Federal Prison Industries for competition with private sector providers of products and services. (3) An evaluation of whether the following factors create an unfair competitive environment between Federal Prison Industries and private sector providers of products and services which would be exacerbated by further expansion: (A) Federal Prison Industries’s status as a mandatory source of supply for Federal agencies and the requirement that the buying agency must obtain a waiver in order to make a competitive purchase from the private sector if the item to be acquired is listed on the schedule of products and services published by Federal Prison Industries. (B) Federal Prison Industries’s ability to determine that the price to be paid by Federal Agencies is fair and reasonable, rather than such a determination being made by the buying agency. (C) An examination of the extent to which Federal Prison Industries is bound by the requirements of the generally applicable Federal Acquisition Regulation pertaining to the conformity of the delivered product with the specified design and performance specifications and adherence to the delivery schedule required by the Federal agency, based on the transactions being categorized as interagency transfers. (D) An examination of the extent to which Federal Prison Industries avoids transactions that are little more than pass through transactions where the work provided by inmates does not create meaningful value or meaningful work opportunities for inmates. (E) The extent to which Federal Prison Industries must comply with the same worker protection, workplace safety and similar regulations applicable to, and enforceable against, Federal contractors. (F) The wages Federal Prison Industries pays to inmates, taking into account inmate productivity and other factors such as security concerns associated with having a facility in a prison. (G) The effect of any additional cost advantages Federal Prison Industries has over private sector providers of goods and services, including— (i) the costs absorbed by the Bureau of Prisons such as inmate medical care and infrastructure expenses including real estate and utilities; and (ii) its exemption from Federal and State income taxes and property taxes. (4) An evaluation of the extent to which the customers of Federal Prison Industries are satisfied with quality, price, and timely delivery of the products and services provided it provides, including summaries of other independent assessments such as reports of agency inspectors general, if applicable. SEC. 606. DEESCALATION TRAINING. 
Beginning not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall incorporate into training programs provided to officers and employees of the Bureau of Prisons (including officers and employees of an organization with which the Bureau of Prisons has a contract to provide services relating to imprisonment) specialized and comprehensive training in procedures to— (1) deescalate encounters between a law enforcement officer or an officer or employee of the Bureau of Prisons, and a civilian or a prisoner (as such term is defined in section 3635 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act); and (2) identify and appropriately respond to incidents that involve the unique needs of individuals who have a mental illness or cognitive deficit. 
SEC. 607. EVIDENCEBASED TREATMENT FOR OPIOID AND HEROIN ABUSE. 
FOROPIOID AND HEROIN ABUSE.—Not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary and the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report assessing the availability of and the capacity of the Bureau of Prisons to treat heroin and opioid abuse through evidencebased programs, including medicationassisted treatment where appropriate. In preparing the report, the Director shall consider medicationassisted treatment as a strategy to assist in treatment where appropriate and not as a replacement for holistic and other drugfree approaches. The report shall include a description of plans to expand access to evidencebased treatment for heroin and opioid abuse for prisoners, including access to medicationassisted treatment in appropriate cases. Following submission, the Director shall take steps to implement these plans. (b) REPORT ON THE AVAILABILITY OF MEDICA TIONASSISTED TREATMENT FOR OPIOID AND  HEROIN ABUSE, AND IMPLEMENTATION THEREOF.—Not later than 120 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the Administrative Office of the United States Courts shall submit to the Committees on the Judiciary and the Committees on Appropriations of the Senate and of the House of Representatives a report assessing the availability of and capacity for the provision of medicationassisted treatment for opioid and heroin abuse by treatment service providers serving prisoners who are serving a term of supervised release, and including a description of plans to expand access to medicationassisted treatment for heroin and opioid abuse whenever appropriate among prisoners under supervised release. Following submission, the Director will take steps to implement these plans. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Bureau of Prisons shall establish each of the following pilot programs for 5 years, in at least 20 facilities: (1) MENTORSHIP FOR YOUTH .—A program to pair youth with volunteers from faithbased or community organizations, which may include formerly incarcerated offenders, that have relevant experience or expertise in mentoring, and a willingness to serve as a mentor in such a capacity. (2) SERVICE TO ABANDONED , RESCUED , OR OTH ERWISE VULNERABLE ANIMALS .—A program to equip prisoners with the skills to provide training and therapy to animals seized by Federal law enforcement under asset forfeiture authority and to organizations that provide shelter and similar services to abandoned, rescued, or otherwise vulnerable animals. (b) REPORTING REQUIREMENT .—Not later than 1 year after the conclusion of the pilot programs, the Attorney General shall report to Congress on the results of the pilot programs under this section. Such report shall include cost savings, numbers of participants, and information about recidivism rates among participants. (c) DEFINITION .—In this title, the term ‘‘youth’’ means a prisoner (as such term is defined in section 3635 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act) who was 21 years of age or younger at the time of the commission or alleged commission of the criminal offense for which the individual is being prosecuted or serving a term of imprisonment, as the case may be. 
SEC. 609. ENSURING SUPERVISION OF RELEASED SEXUALLY DANGEROUS PERSONS. 
(a) P ROBATION OFFICERS .—Section 3603 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (8)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and inserting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. (b) PRETRIAL SERVICES OFFICERS .—Section 3154 of title 18, United States Code, is amended in paragraph (12)(A) by striking ‘‘or 4246’’ and inserting ‘‘, 4246, or 4248’’. 
(a) N ATIONAL PRISONER STATISTICS PROGRAM .—Beginning not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter, pursuant to the authority under section 302 of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (42 U.S.C. 3732), the Director of the Bureau of Justice Statistics, with information that shall be provided by the Director of the Bureau of Prisons, shall include in the National Prisoner Statistics Program the following: (1) The number of prisoners (as such term is defined in section 3635 of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act) who are veterans of the Armed Forces of the United States. (2) The number of prisoners who have been placed in solitary confinement at any time during the previous year. (3) The number of female prisoners known by the Bureau of Prisons to be pregnant, as well as the outcomes of such pregnancies, including information on pregnancies that result in live birth, stillbirth, miscarriage, abortion, ectopic pregnancy, maternal death, neonatal death, and preterm birth. (4) The number of prisoners who volunteered to participate in a substance abuse treatment program, and the number of prisoners who have participated in such a program. (5) The number of prisoners provided medicationassisted treatment with medication approved by the Food and Drug Administration while in custody in order to treat substance use disorder. (6) The number of prisoners who were receiving medicationassisted treatment with medication approved by the Food and Drug Administration prior to the commencement of their term of imprisonment. (7) The number of prisoners who are the parent or guardian of a minor child. (8) The number of prisoners who are single, married, or otherwise in a committed relationship. (9) The number of prisoners who have not achieved a GED, high school diploma, or equivalent prior to entering prison. (10) The number of prisoners who, during the previous year, received their GED or other equivalent certificate while incarcerated. (11) The numbers of prisoners for whom English is a second language. (12) The number of incidents, during the previous year, in which restraints were used on a female prisoner during pregnancy, labor, or postpartum recovery, as well as information relating to the type of restraints used, and the circumstances under which each incident occurred. (13) The vacancy rate for medical and healthcare staff positions, and average length of such a vacancy. 
(14) The number of facilities that operated, at any time during the previous year, without at least 1 clinical nurse, certified paramedic, or licensed physician on site. (15) The number of facilities that during the previous year were accredited by the American Correctional Association. (16) The number and type of recidivism reduction partnerships described in section 3621(h)(5) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 102(a) of this Act, entered into by each facility. (17) The number of facilities with remote learning capabilities. (18) The number of facilities that offer prisoners video conferencing. (19) Any changes in costs related to legal phone calls and visits following implementation of section 3632(d)(1) of title 18, United States Code, as added by section 101(a) of this Act. (20) The number of aliens in prison during the previous year. (21) For each Bureau of Prisons facility, the total number of violations that resulted in reductions in rewards, incentives, or time credits, the number of such violations for each category of violation, and the demographic breakdown of the prisoners who have received such reductions. (22) The number of assaults on Bureau of Prisons staff by prisoners and the number of criminal prosecutions of prisoners for assaulting Bureau of Prisons staff. (23) The capacity of each recidivism reduction program and productive activity to accommodate eligible inmates at each Bureau of Prisons facility. (24) The number of volunteers who were certified to volunteer in a Bureau of Prisons facility, broken down by level (level I and level II), and by each Bureau of Prisons facility. (25) The number of prisoners enrolled in recidivism reduction programs and productive activities at each Bureau of Prisons facility, broken down by risk level and by program, and the number of those enrolled prisoners who successfully completed each program. (26) The breakdown of prisoners classified at each risk level by demographic characteristics, including age, sex, race, and the length of the sentence imposed. (b) REPORT TO JUDICIARY COMMITTEES .—Be ginning not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, and annually thereafter for a period of 7 years, the Director of the Bureau of Justice Statistics shall submit a report containing the information described in paragraphs (1) through (26) of subsection (a) to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives. 
(a) A VAILABILITY .—The Director of the Bureau of Prisons shall make the healthcare products described in subsection (c) available to prisoners for free, in a quantity that is appropriate to the healthcare needs of each prisoner. (b) QUALITY PRODUCTS .—The Director shall ensure that the healthcare products provided under this section conform with applicable industry standards. (c) PRODUCTS .—The healthcare products described in this subsection are tampons and sanitary napkins. 
Section 2991 of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10651) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(4)— (A) by striking subparagraph (D); and (B) by redesignating subparagraph (E) as subparagraph (D); (2) in subsection (e), by striking ‘‘may use up to 3 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘shall use not less than 6 percent’’; and (3) by amending subsection (g) to read as follows: ‘‘(g) COLLABORATION SETASIDE .—The Attorney General shall use not less than 8 percent of funds appropriated to provide technical assistance to State and local governments receiving grants under this part to foster collaboration between such governments in furtherance of the purposes set forth in section 3 of the Mentally Ill Offender Treatment and Crime Reduction Act of 2004 (34 U.S.C. 10651 note).’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 403 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘§ 5043. Juvenile solitary confinement ‘‘(a) DEFINITIONS .—In this section— ‘‘(1) the term ‘covered juvenile’ means— ‘‘(A) a juvenile who— ‘‘(i) is being proceeded against under this chapter for an alleged act of juvenile delinquency; or ‘‘(ii) has been adjudicated delinquent under this chapter; or ‘‘(B) a juvenile who is being proceeded against as an adult in a district court of the United States for an alleged criminal offense; ‘‘(2) the term ‘juvenile facility’ means any facility where covered juveniles are— ‘‘(A) committed pursuant to an adjudication of delinquency under this chapter; or ‘‘(B) detained prior to disposition or conviction; and ‘‘(3) the term ‘room confinement’ means the involuntary placement of a covered juvenile alone in a cell, room, or other area for any reason. ‘‘(b) PROHIBITION ON ROOM CONFINEMENT IN  JUVENILE FACILITIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The use of room confinement at a juvenile facility for discipline, punishment, retaliation, or any reason other than as a temporary response to a covered juvenile’s behavior that poses a serious and immediate risk of physical harm to any individual, including the covered juvenile, is prohibited. ‘‘(2) JUVENILES POSING RISK OF HARM .— ‘‘(A) REQUIREMENT TO USE LEAST RESTRICTIVE  
TECHNIQUES .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Before a staff member of a juvenile facility places a covered juvenile in room confinement, the staff member shall attempt to use less restrictive techniques, including— ‘‘(I) talking with the covered juvenile in an attempt to deescalate the situation; and ‘‘(II) permitting a qualified mental health professional to talk to the covered juvenile. ‘‘(ii) EXPLANATION .—If, after attempting to use less restrictive techniques as required under clause (i), a staff member of a juvenile facility decides to place a covered juvenile in room confinement, the staff member shall first— ‘‘(I) explain to the covered juvenile the reasons for the room confinement; and ‘‘(II) inform the covered juvenile that release from room confinement will occur— ‘‘(aa) immediately when the covered juvenile regains selfcontrol, as described in subparagraph (B)(i); or ‘‘(bb) not later than after the expiration of the time period described in subclause (I) or (II) of subparagraph (B)(ii), as applicable. ‘‘(B) MAXIMUM PERIOD OF CONFINEMENT .—If a covered juvenile is placed in room confinement because the covered juvenile poses a serious and immediate risk of physical harm to himself or herself, or to others, the covered juvenile shall be released— ‘‘(i) immediately when the covered juvenile has sufficiently gained control so as to no longer engage in behavior that threatens serious and immediate risk of physical harm to himself or herself, or to others; or ‘‘(ii) if a covered juvenile does not sufficiently gain control as described in clause (i), not later than— ‘‘(I) 3 hours after being placed in room confinement, in the case of a covered juvenile who poses a serious and immediate risk of physical harm to others; or ‘‘(II) 30 minutes after being placed in room confinement, in the case of a covered juvenile who poses a serious and immediate risk of physical harm only to himself or herself. ‘‘(C) RISK OF HARM AFTER MAXIMUM PERIOD  
OF CONFINEMENT .—If, after the applicable maximum period of confinement under subclause (I) or (II) of subparagraph (B)(ii) has expired, a covered juvenile continues to pose a serious and immediate risk of physical harm described in that subclause— ‘‘(i) the covered juvenile shall be transferred to another juvenile facility or internal location where services can be provided to the covered juvenile without relying on room confinement; or ‘‘(ii) if a qualified mental health professional believes the level of crisis service needed is not currently available, a staff member of the juvenile facility shall initiate a referral to a location that can meet the needs of the covered juvenile. ‘‘(D) SPIRIT AND PURPOSE .—The use of consecutive periods of room confinement to evade the spirit and purpose of this subsection shall be prohibited.’’. (b) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND MENT .—The table of sections for chapter 403 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘5043. Juvenile solitary confinement.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentleman from New York (Mr. NADLER ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 756, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today, in what may very well be my last floor statement as a Member of this esteemed body, I rise in strong support of the First Step Act. The bipartisan and bicameral bill before us is a meaningful and historic criminal justice reform measure. This is also an issue that I have dedicated much of my work to as chairman of the Judiciary Committee. Nearly 4 years ago, I and former Ranking Member Conyers created the Criminal Justice Reform Initiative at the Judiciary Committee to address the significant congressional interest in criminal justice reform from Members who do and do not serve on the Judiciary Committee. The purpose of the initiative was to develop bipartisan legislation to address several facets of the Federal criminal justice system, including overcriminalization, prison and reentry reform, sentencing reform, protecting citizens through improved criminal procedures and policing strategies, and civil asset forfeiture reform. In addressing these issues, the committee relied on the work of the Over 
Criminalization Task Force, which held nine hearings on a variety of criminal justice topics during the 113th Congress, as well as the information provided to the committee by interested Members during the committee’s listening session in June of 2015. The work of that initiative has already yielded tremendous results. For instance, the Rapid DNA Act is helping local police departments by allowing them to submit DNA records that are generated by Rapid DNA systems outside an accredited laboratory to be uploaded to NDIS. This is important, as it can confirm or exonerate a suspect in a matter of hours instead of days or even weeks. That bill was signed into law by President Trump last year. The Comprehensive Justice and Mental Health Act of 2015 promotes public safety and community health by facilitating collaboration among the criminal justice, juvenile justice, mental health treatment, and substance abuse systems to ensure those with mental illness receive the treatment and help they need. That bill became law as part of the 21st Century Cures Act. While those two laws are incredible steps forward, the measure we have before us today is the crown jewel of criminal justice reform. The First Step Act before us today couples front end and back end reform to our criminal justice system. Seven months ago, this body overwhelmingly passed the first iteration of the First Step Act. While it only contained backend prison reforms, it was a very real and very important ‘‘first step.’’ During consideration of that bill, many of my colleagues voted against the measure because it did not contain any frontend sentencing reforms. At the time, I noted that I support frontend reforms and, since then, worked with our colleagues in the Senate to ensure that they are included in the bill before us today. On the front end, this bill makes reasonable changes to Federal law to more appropriately tailor sentences for drug offenders. It does not eliminate mandatory minimums but reduces them for certain offenders. It takes a scalpel, not a sledge hammer, to the Federal sentencing scheme. Among other things, the bill reduces some of the harsher sentences for Federal drug offenders. It reduces the penalty for a third Federal drug offense from life imprisonment to not less than 25 years. This is a sensible change. We want to punish repeat offenders, but we do not want our Federal prisons to become nursing homes. Importantly, this bipartisan legislation backstops these sentencing reductions by ensuring violent offenders are eligible for sentencing enhancements under the drug statutes. Congress enacted these minimum sentences 30 years ago to protect our communities from violent offenders. The bill ensures they carry out that mission. On the back end, the First Step Act places a new focus on rehabilitation. The bill establishes a risk and needs assessment as the basis of an effective recidivism reduction program and, more importantly, an efficient and effective Federal prison sentence. The First Step Act will incentivize prisoners to participate in evidence based recidivism reduction programs, productive activities, and jobs that will actually reduce the risk of recidivism. Finally, this comprehensive package contains the reauthorization of the Second Chance Act, a provision sponsored by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ). This measure authorizes funding for both public and private entities, including nonprofit organizations, to evaluate and improve academic and vocational education for offenders in prisons, jails, and juvenile facilities. Reentry is a vital component of criminal justice reform. Nearly every Federal prisoner will someday be released. We all have an interest in ensuring exinmates become productive members of society. I would be remiss if I did not point out the overwhelming bipartisan support from outside interest groups that the First Step Act has received. Numerous organizations on both the left and the right have enthusiastically endorsed this bill. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the chief House champions of the First Step Act, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ), who, in January, will take the position of ranking member of the House Judiciary Committee. He, along with the new chairman, Mr. NADLER , I hope, will continue the request for more criminal justice reform. I also want to acknowledge the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ). They worked tirelessly to advance this legislation, and both Mr. COLLINS and Mr. J EFFRIES should be applauded for their bipartisan approach to this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this historic legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NADLER. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 756, or the amendments thereto, the First Step Act, as passed by the Senate. This legislation has traveled a long journey to get to this point. Along the way, various aspects of the bill have changed. Although I do not agree with all of the changes, on balance, the measure has greatly improved, thanks to the hard work of many Members on both sides of the aisle from the House and the Senate. Before I get to the substance of the bill, I want to recognize some of the people most responsible for getting us here today. There are a number of champions of criminal justice reform in the Senate, but I particularly want to recognize and thank Senators DICK DURBIN and C HUCK GRASSLEY for their commitment to getting a bill that includes important sentencing reforms to the President’s desk. In the House, I want to thank my Judiciary Committee colleagues, HAKEEM  JEFFRIES and D OUG COLLINS , who worked together and with us to achieve a bipartisan compromise that is the foundation of this bill. I also thank the ranking member of the Crime Subcommittee, Representative SHEILA JACKSON LEE, who has helped hold this legislation to a high standard, knowing that so many are counting on us to address longstanding injustices. There are many others in the House who have fought for substantial reform for years, upon whose labors this bill was built, who deserve our thanks. Finally, let me recognize Judiciary Committee Chairman BOBGOODLATTE , who is retiring at the end of this term. He and I have not always seen eye to eye on a range of issues, including some aspects of this bill, but I appreciate his efforts as chairman over the past 6 years to work with my Democratic colleagues on the committee. Today, we join together in supporting an important, bipartisan bill. I thank him for his leadership in bringing us to the final stage of its consideration and for his service to Congress and to the country. As for the bill itself, S. 756 makes a number of reforms to our Federal sentencing laws. It also establishes a new system to provide incentives to some Federal prisoners to participate in programs that will reduce the risk that they will commit crimes once they are released. The prison reform provisions in this bill are similar to those in H.R. 5682, the Housepassed measure with the same name as this new bill. The bill before us today includes provisions intended to address concerns that I and many others raised about the fairness of the new recidivism reduction system for Federal prisons. For instance, this revised bill establishes an independent review committee of outside experts to assist the Justice Department in the development of the risk and needs assessment system that would determine the programming for inmates, their risk categories, and their eligibility for early entry into prerelease custody. Also, the bill expands the option for prerelease custody to include supervised release. Changes such as these, in addition to authorizing more funding for the expansion of programming to reduce the risk of recidivism by inmates, help make this new system more fair. In the other direction, however, I am disappointed the bill excludes additional categories of offenders from being able to earn early entry into prerelease custody, reducing the risk reduction incentives for those who perhaps need it the most. 
The prison reform provisions of this bill also include a number of very positive changes, such as banning shackling of pregnant and postpartum inmates, fixing the calculation of time off earned for good behavior, improving application of compassionate release, and providing other measures to improve the welfare of Federal inmates. In addition, the bill reauthorizes the Second Chance Act, a historically bipartisan effort to help exoffenders successfully reenter their communities after having served their time. Critically, this bill would not only implement these reforms to our prison system, but it also takes a crucial first step toward addressing grave concerns about our sentencing laws, which have for years fed a national crisis of mass incarceration. It was largely due to the absence of provisions changing our sentencing laws that some of us opposed the House version of this bill, but that exclusion has been remedied, and we now support this bill wholeheartedly. Among the sentencing reforms contained in this bill are expanding the existing safety valve to allow judges greater authority to sentence low level, nonviolent offenders below the mandatory minimum, applying the crack cocaine sentence reductions from the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010 retroactively, reducing certain minimum sentences for recidivist offenders, and stopping the unfair ‘‘stacking’’ of mandatory sentencing enhancements for certain repeat firearms offenders. Although we must do far more to address the injustice of mandatory minimum sentences and other policies that lead to mass incarceration, these changes recognize the fundamental unfairness of a system that imposes lengthy imprisonment that is not based on the facts and circumstances of each offender and each case. This legislation is not the end of the discussion. As the title of the bill suggests, it is a first step. It will not solve longstanding problems with our criminal justice system—issues and injustices that will require more aggressive and comprehensive reforms in the future—but it does make substantial reforms, and it demonstrates that we can work together to make the system more fair in ways that will also reduce crime and victimization. Therefore, I support this bill, and I ask my colleagues to do the same. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time, and I ask unanimous consent that the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) be permitted to control the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from New York? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield the balance of my time to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ), and I ask unanimous consent that he be permitted to control the time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague, Chairman GOODLATTE , as he is leaving now to continue his quest, going out running to another hearing, but I want to thank Chairman GOODLATTE for all that he has done and everything that he has expressed not only for our committee, but also for this bill, and also for Mr. NADLER and his support coming forward in this. We appreciate the work they have done and what we are seeing today. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 756, the First Step Act. This is historic legislation that will make our communities safer, save taxpayer money, and start addressing the revolving door of incarceration and crime by helping formerly incarcerated prisoners get a second chance at life. I have said this so many times over the last couple of years. This is simply an M and M issue. This is about money and morals. This is about doing good with the taxpayer dollar and also giving people a chance, from a moral perspective, to have a second chance. b1115 The legislation we are considering today is the culmination of extensive work with our colleagues across the aisle and in the Senate. I can proudly say that this is a truly bipartisan, bicameral bill. I thank my friend and colleague HAKEEM JEFFRIES , who has been instrumental in this effort. We wouldn’t be here today without his commitment to improving not only the justice system but individual lives. He has been a partner in many things, and this is the culmination of a large step. I thank him for that. This bill is the result of compromise reached through extensive negotiations with the House, the Senate, and the White House, all of which want to address serious problems within our Federal criminal justice system. The Federal prison population has increased from less than 25,000 in 1980 to over 183,000 today. Each year, tens of thousands of Federal prisoners return to their communities after completing their sentences. In fact, Mr. Speaker, if you take State, Federal, and local individuals incarcerated, 95 percent of them, at some point, will come home. That is a question for each of us. That is a moral imperative on each of us, on how we are punishing and also how we are preparing them for reentry. Unfortunately, almost half of these individuals reoffend after release. This cycle of recidivism drains taxpayer dollars, strains the limited resources at the Department of Justice, and undermines community safety. First, this legislation will provide lowrisk inmates with the incentives and the resources they need to develop new skills and break their bad habits so that they emerge from prison as Americans ready to be productive members of society instead of repeat offenders. Secondly, the legislation includes carefully tailored sentencing reforms to address inherent disparities in our sentencing laws while keeping violent criminals from the incentives and benefits of the bill. Amending our sentencing laws requires care and balance, and I believe the negotiations over this bill have resulted in that balance. After many years of seeing how this has worked on the State level, through many studies and many evidencebased approaches, we are seeing this work. Finally, the legislation includes the Second Chance Reauthorization Act, authored by my friend and colleague Congressman SENSENBRENNER . This legislation will reauthorize and reform grant programs that have been crucial to States working to improve reentrance services and to increase public safety. This is also sort of special from my perspective as well, for in my home State of Georgia, Governor Nathan Deal, a former distinguished Member of this body, went home and began spearheading criminal justice reform legislation that has made Georgia safer while saving taxpayer dollars. States like Georgia, Texas, and South Carolina have shown us that you can reduce both crime rates and incarceration rates through evidencebased approaches and carefully tailored sentencing laws. The First Step Act, which is based on these States’ successful reforms, uses evidencebased approaches to drive down the recidivism rate among Federal prisoners. Also, Mr. Speaker, President Trump recently said this is an issue that unifies people, and it has unified a broad range of my colleagues in the Congress. Speaker RYANhas led on this issue for a long time, and today’s bill would not be possible without his work and the work of Chairman GOODLATTE , Congressman JEFFRIES , SHEILA JACKSON  LEE, our majority leader, and so many others. As we continued on, it also transcended the House and went into the Senate, where Chairman GRASSLEY and Senators CORNYN , PERDUE , LEE, DURBIN, and W HITEHOUSE have negotiated tirelessly, and many legislators have worked to reach this compromise. Yes, it is a compromise. It is something that we have worked on and studied and worked to find something that works for the American people. I would also like to thank Jared Kushner and the Office of American Innovation for all their work and support in this legislation. When he came to the table, he came to the table with a fullon passion to find results and to get solutions. For that, Jared has been invaluable in this process. Mr. Speaker, when I came to Washington, I came to legislate. I came to be a part of representing my district and my State and this country. I am 
proud that my colleagues and I were able to do so here with the First Step Act, a bill that gives prisoners a second chance and makes communities safer. Finally, there is a group out there that is pretty amazing, a group from both sides of the political spectrum: hundreds upon thousands of advocates across the country, adding their voices to the reform effort. Their commitment, focus, and drive helped us get to this point, and today, we have a chance to move forward with historic, meaningful legislation to improve lives, make communities safer, save taxpayer money, and make the judiciary system fairer. Mr. Speaker, as Members well know, none of us stand here without help from others. I am blessed in my office to have people who are dedicated to not only finding solutions but sticking with it. Jon Ferro in my office, who is my counsel, has worked on this tirelessly. In fact, Mr. Speaker, I am probably going to have to have some days built in for him to take off because he has not slept much in the last month. But he has tirelessly fought for this and worked with both the Senate and the White House to make sure this is an approach that will work and do what is intended. And Erica Barker in my office, who, even with the trials of going through her own law school experience, has been invaluable, along with the rest of my office and the rest of the folks that we named already. This is the time to pass something that makes sense, that has been studied, that is backed up by evidence. It is a thing that the Founders, I believe, had envisioned. We fight where we need to, but when we can find agreement, we find agreement for the American people. Again, Mr. Speaker, it is about ‘‘M and M’s.’’ It is about monies and morals, being smart on money and giving the people the chance that they need. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me indicate to the American people happy holidays and thank the gentleman from Georgia for his bipartisan reach to help us understand the impact of this bill. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. JEFFRIES ), the incoming chair of the Democratic Caucus and the original cosponsor of this legislation. I thank him for his embrace of all of us as we worked our way through this legislation. Mr. JEFFRIES. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Texas, SHEILA JACKSON LEE, for yielding and for her tremendous leadership on the criminal justice reform effort over the years. I also want to thank all of the members of the House Judiciary Committee, in particular, Chairman GOODLATTE , as well as J ERRY NADLER and, of course, CEDRIC RICHMOND and K AREN  BASS, who were phenomenal assets to this effort. Let me thank my good friend DOUG COLLINS , who has been a tremendous force of nature as it relates to making sure that this Congress did something about overcriminalization in America. From beginning, middle, and end, it has been an honor to work with Mr. COLLINS on a wide variety of things in this great body, in particular, on this effort to break the back of the prison industrial complex. I thank DOUGCOLLINS for his tremendous leadership. In 1971, President Nixon declared drug abuse public enemy number one. It was the beginning of the failed war on drugs. At that point in time, there were less than 350,000 people incarcerated in America. Today, there are 2.2 million. We incarcerate more people in the United States of America than any other country in the world. We have 5 percent of the world’s population and 25 percent of the world’s incarcerated individuals. It is a scandal. It is a stain on our democratic society. It is not a Democratic problem or a Republican problem; it is an American problem. Today, the House of Representatives comes together as Americans to begin to solve it—Democrats and Republicans, the left and the right, progressives and conservatives, the National Urban League and the Koch brothers, the House and the Senate, as well as the Trump administration—proving that good things can happen under the Capitol dome when we set aside partisan bickering to solve problems on behalf of the American people. And what a problem that we are endeavoring to solve with the First Step Act, making sure that currently incarcerated individuals, the victims of mass incarceration in this country, can successfully reenter society, transform themselves, become productive citizens; dramatically reduce recidivism; and save taxpayer dollars. That is what the First Step Act is all about. It will also strike a blow against the unfair sentencing laws that were put into place as a result of the failed war on drugs and provide some retroactive relief to those individuals sentenced unjustly as a result of the disparity between crack cocaine and powder cocaine. The First Step Act is a product of work that this body has decided to do out of recognition that we cannot allow overcriminalization to continue to persist in this country. Now, the mass incarceration epidemic has been with us for over 40 years. It will not take simply the waving of a singular legislative magic wand to eradicate, but it will require sustained effort, sustained commitment, sustained intensity, and a meaningful first step. That is what we are doing today. I urge all of my colleagues to support this effort to reform our criminal justice system in a manner consistent with the notion of liberty and justice for all. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. One of the highlights of my being in Congress was getting a call from Ed Meese, asking if I would work with him on criminal justice reform. I was glad to do that. It was amazing, having the ACLU and Heritage working together and groups working together, but more of our focus was on requiring intent to be proven before you could lock up people, take away their freedom, things like the 5,000 or so Federal crimes that allow violations of regulations that no elected official has ever participated in to be the basis for somebody losing their freedom. Those were important. But that is not what this criminal justice reform bill is about. That is why some call it a jailbreak bill. Under the bill, there are some good things, improvements on rehabilitation. I am glad that TEDCRUZ’ amendment passed in the Senate, so that violent carjackers are not going to be allowed to have a chance to have their time cut. But there are 1,466 offenders relating to coercion, enticement of children into sex crimes, who will be eligible. There are 5,934 offenders relating to bank robbery involving violence or risk of death, and they will be eligible. There are others involving violence on officers, law enforcement officers. Look, on behalf of the sheriffs, the prosecutors, people like me—I was a State felony judge—we worked very hard to come together on a proper sentence. Plea agreements were made for a lesser sentence. The National Sheriffs’ Association says it ‘‘stands firmly opposed to this very dangerous bill.’’ Crime rates will go up within 2 years, if this bill passes, which apparently it will, but somebody needed to state what is coming when we do this. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, let me take the tone of Mr. GOODLATTE , Mr. C OLLINS , and Mr. JEFFRIES in saying that this is a momentous occasion. What I am grateful for, Mr. Speaker, is the faith community; the advocates who have been working with families for decades; mothers who welcome home sons and daughters; prisoners or exprisoners like those I met just a week ago at the Houston Reentry Program who indicated that they could not find a job; members of the Congressional Black Caucus; our present chair, Mr. RICHMOND ; and our chairelect, Ms. B ASS. People from all walks of life have recognized that this is not going to increase crime, but quite the opposite. Through our faith, we understand that humanity and the recognition of someone’s dignity helps them to be a contributing member of society. 
So I rise to support this bill that includes the First Step and the sentencing reform reduction act. I rise because so many people have worked over the years to ensure that this bill will work. It is important to note what we are overcoming. The ACLU said: ‘‘Over the past 4 to 5 decades, U.S. criminal justice policies have driven an increase in incarceration rates that is unprecedented in this country and unmatched elsewhere in the world. Our country has over 20 percent of the world’s incarcerated individuals, despite having less than 5 percent of the world’s population.’’ In 2015, it was estimated that 6.7 million persons were involved in the adult correctional systems, and almost 2.2 million were in prisons or jail, 180,000 in the Federal system, all costing us money and the value of those human beings that can serve their country. So I am grateful for the work that we came together on, that we overcame some of the challenges. I want to mention Mr. JOHN LEWIS, who is the conscience of this Congress, who worked with us to ensure that sentencing reform would be part of the ultimate bill. b1130 We acknowledge other members of the other body, Senator DURBIN , Senator GRASSLEY , Senator H ARRIS , and, of course, Senator BOOKER , among others. I thank Mr. GOODLATTE in his last bill for his commitment to moving criminal justice reform, even in the last Congress, and the new ranking member and soon to be chair, Mr. NADLER , who put all of his energies in ensuring that we could effectively move this bill. We worked with Senator DURBIN , and we worked with Senator GRASSLEY , who wanted to make sure that this was a wonderful partnership, the same kind of partnership that my good friend, Mr. JEFFRIES , spoke of, conservative viewpoints, religious viewpoints, and those advocacy groups who had fought for years against mandatory minimums. We have come a long way. Justice has to be equal, and it has to be fair. It has to be righteous and reasonable, and, in that, it has to have any number of those participating. Eric Holder, who worked on this issue, recognized that we had to have a partnership between these two fine elements: reduction, and, as well, the First Step Act, sentencing reduction. I know that this bill—and hope it will be signed, because the President indicated he wants the finest prison reform bill that we can have anywhere. Let me proclaim on the floor that we have made that giant step, but we have added the opportunity for almost 5,000 people to see their families, under supervision, by sentencing reduction— over 50,000 over a 10year period—not individuals who haven’t had the opportunity for training, for job training, for counseling, for opioid treatment, all matched together with the sentencing and prison reform bill. So we have elements like the safety valve and retroactive application of fair sentencing. To all of my friends in the advocacy community, you have been victorious, and I thank you. Reforms enhance mandatory minimum sentences for prior drug offenses, recognizing that the crack cocaine disparity was destructive in the work that we have tried to do—stacking. Let me also say that there was concern that there be no oversight over this bill. I am glad that they took my amendment before an Independent Review Committee so that the discretion of wardens and the DOJ are not random, but they, in fact, will have an independent outside committee to look at this matter. I am grateful that my friend, Mr. DANNY DAVIS, who has worked so hard, got his Second Chance Reauthorization in the bill, which is extremely important. I am so grateful, and you will hear from Congresswoman BASSfor her ongoing passionate concern about the treatment of pregnant women, and I look forward to working with her in the future. We have groups like the ACLU, The Brennan Group, the NAACP, and others who have worked hard on this type of legislation, and we are grateful for their continued insight and keeping us honest as we move forward. I want to acknowledge, if I could, the idea, again, that there will be those who will be preying upon us. In this season of caring and giving, I hope the Nation will be praying, praying for a better Nation, praying for the opportunity for people who went astray, and to recognize that what we have put in this bill are limits to ensure that these persons released will have the right kind of training and counseling, because we have increased the funding, we have worked with the groups that need to be worked with, and we have protected pregnant prisoners. And, finally, Mr. Speaker, something that I hope will grow in our compassion, that we have reformed an aspect of the criminal justice system as relates to juveniles, and, that is, that there is no more solitary confinement. I appreciate the sponsors accepting that from both myself and Senator BOOKER . It is a bill of compassion. It is not a bill of crime. It is a bill that America can be proud of. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. SENSENBRENNER ), who has provided such leadership on this issue and many others for this Congress. Mr. SENSENBRENNER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, Congress has spent years talking about reducing crime, enacting fair sentencing laws, and restoring lives. Today, we are putting our words into action, and this is historic. I am proud to have been a leader in this effort for over a decade: First, introducing the original Second Chance Act with the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS), then serving as chairman of the Over Criminalization Task Force in 2013, and introducing a comprehensive criminal justice reform bill with the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. SCOTT). This Congress, I sponsored the Second Chance Reauthorization Act, which helps prisoners rejoin their families and reenter society. I am happy to note that the First Step Act includes this reauthorization. The Second Chance Act was originally passed with bipartisan support and signed into law in 2008. This first ofitskind legislation authorized Federal grants for vital programs aimed at improving the reentry process and reducing recidivism. Grants have been used for a wide range of improved supervision practices and reentry programs, including employment assistance and job skills training, treatment for mental and substance abuse disorders, education, housing assistance, family services, and mentoring. Reauthorizing the Second Chance Act is an essential step to reducing our prison population and improving the overall criminal justice system. By providing the resources needed to coordinate reentry services and policies at the State and local levels, this legislation will ensure that the tax dollars spent on corrections do not simply fuel a revolving door in and out of prison. I urge my colleagues to support the First Step Act. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. BASS), the incoming chair of the Congressional Black Caucus and a member of the House Judiciary Committee. Ms. BASS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the First Step Act. For 40 years, our failure to adequately reform our criminal justice system has resulted in punitive mandatory minimum sentences and mass incarceration. African Americans, Latinos, and Native Americans have borne the brunt of this legacy. Between 1980 and 2014, there was a 700 percent increase in the number of women in custody. This was nearly twice the rate of male imprisonment. Women are often held for nonviolent, low level drug offenses. Unfortunately, these women are entering a malecentered penal system that is not designed to meet their physical or mental health needs. What is needed is criminal justice reform that understands that women in the system have unique needs. This is the first step toward addressing the needs of women. Improving the health outcomes of pregnant women who are in custody is in the First Step Act. My language would restrict the use of restraints on pregnant women, which increases the risk of complications during childbirth. Some of the stories shared by women who were restrained during pregnancy are horrific. One woman was shackled in labor and dislocated her hip. She experienced 
stomach muscle tears and an umbilical hernia. She was left with permanent deformities and pain. Another woman tripped over her shackles, fell to the ground, and miscarried at 20 weeks. The idea that a woman needs to be shackled at the end of her pregnancy or in labor and delivery as though she is going to escape while delivering a child is ridiculous, brutal, and, in my opinion, a human rights abuse. One mother recounted being shackled after having an emergency caesarean section. She stated: ‘‘With the weight [from the shackles] on my stomach, it felt like they were ripping open my C section.’’ Mr. Speaker, do we have no shame? This egregious abuse of human rights in Federal prisons must end. I hope Congress continues to address this issue. In the 116th Congress, we will continue to move the needle forward by developing comprehensive criminal justice reform that specifically looks at the needs of women in the system. I thank the Members who supported this legislation, and I thank Representative JEFFRIES , Representative S HEILA  JACKSON LEE, Representative C OLLINS , and Representative NADLER for introducing and passing the First Step Act. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. RICHMOND ), a gentleman who has become a friend on this issue, one that I remember sitting in Houston talking about this, and also to say, now it has become a reality. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, I commend Representative COLLINS for success on this very important issue. Oftentimes people ask what is required of us, and it is to do justice and love mercy, and that is exactly what the First Step Act does. Is it a perfect bill? No, it is not. Is it a first step? Yes, and it is a good first step. For too long, we have been passing the law of diminishing returns on our criminal justice system. Every dollar that we spend on incarceration actually makes our neighborhoods and our communities less safe. So does this bill address the strained relationships between police and the communities that they serve? Yes. Does it address the criminalization of poverty? No, and it leaves many unjust sentences in place. However, there is no doubt in my mind that this bill is a positive step in the right direction. It expands safety valve provisions that allow judges to block unfair sentences. It rolls back stacking rules that allow defendants to be charged with multiple crimes for a single incident. It prohibits the shackling of pregnant prisoners. It would also provide $75 million per year for programming to help prisoners prepare for life after incarceration, and it will also allow early release to some prisoners who participate. More than 4,000 prisoners will be eligible for release under this program. This bill also includes an amendment I introduced in the Judiciary Committee that will ensure that the prison reform provisions of the bill would apply retroactively to all prisoners sentenced after 1987. But what it does is it restores many of our family units and corrects the overcorrection we made during the crack epidemic in the early nineties. And, also, what it does is send a message to the country that we realized our mistake in how we handled crack cocaine and substance abuse. And now we see the opioid epidemic, and we are adjusting our approach to that: more loving, more substance abuse, more of a mental health crisis when we talk about it, and we are going to go back and do the same for the cocaine and crack addiction. So with that, let me thank all of the parties involved: Congressmen JEFFRIES , COLLINS , GOODLATTE , Ranking Member NADLER , SHEILA JACKSON  LEE, and other committee members for bringing this legislation to the floor. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I inform the gentlewoman that we are ready to close at this time, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, let me quickly move to my closing by really reemphasizing happy holidays to the American people and to thank our colleagues for recognizing the humanity of all individuals. Just in closing, imagine you are a mother, child, or loved one of an incarcerated person that was robbed by a system that played Russian roulette with his or her life, because that system decided they were criminals rather than victims of a public health crisis or of a bad start in life or a lack of resources as a child. This bill recognizes that people start life in many different ways, but they can be saved. They can be relevant. They can be with their families. So I am grateful for the amendments added, the protection of juveniles that will not be in solitary confinement, and I am grateful for the Independent Review Committee that indicates that there will be an oversight on how wardens issue the earned good time and how they are treating those who are incarcerated, an Independent Review Committee in the Institute for Justice. Finally, I would offer to say, we have money. And that money is at least a quarter of a billion dollars in terms of the amount of money that we will have over a period of time—some $250 million is the approximate amount, at least, in that figure that we have that will be invested in this particular bill. Finally, a bill that has been around for a very long time, the Second Chance Act, has a new lease on life, and that will be part of the bill, and we will continue to work with our colleagues going forward to emphasize the redemption of those who are trying to do right. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, as we close up this debate, this is one of those times when I really come to this well and understand and discuss from this podium that those things we do here matter. There are so many times we pass paper around this floor, we pass it and talk about bills in terms of line numbers and what it will do here, the code numbers, but at the end of the day, this is one that actually has faces behind the line. It has the faces of those who are currently incarcerated that now have a chance to have some programs so that when they do get out, they go home and are productive citizens. b1145 It has faces behind the lines of those right now who will be making mistakes, making bad choices even as we speak here on this floor, Mr. Speaker, but will have the opportunity to have a redemption in their life. We have heard opposition, and there have been some others who have opposition. It has even been said, ‘‘You are soft on crime; you are not helping law enforcement’’; although, we have folks like the International Association of Chiefs of Police, Fraternal Order of Police, National Organization of Black Law Enforcement Executives, National District Attorneys Association, some that don’t want to come on, and I understand that. But I stand before you as a son of a Georgia State Trooper, someone who has been there when I watched my father go out and do his job when others didn’t want to, when I know that this bill will help in the long run not only helping with not only the redemptive part, but also making sure that when people come out, they are not committing more crimes. When we are saving money and helping people, we are helping law enforcement do their job when we understand this. I have also heard from others who have sort of dismissed the data from States that said that this is not something that is evidence based. It is working in conservative States. It is working in some liberal States, but it is working in places like Georgia and Texas and Oklahoma and Kentucky. This is where this works. Some said, ‘‘Well, we don’t need to do anything because we need to punish them.’’ Some are so looking backwards that all I will say to this is, Mr. Speaker, how is it working for us right now? Over 50 percent of these folks are recidivizing a short time after getting out of prison. These are folks going back in and committing more crimes. If we can do something to stop that, then this is something worth standing for; this is worth the time and the effort. When we come here today, we come here today to go back to the old principle that I said is about M and M, 
money and morals, and that is the best place to be, Mr. Speaker. I urge adoption of this act, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the bill, S. 756. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
PANDEMIC AND ALLHAZARDS PREPAREDNESS AND ADVANCING INNOVATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7328) to reauthorize certain programs under the Public Health Service Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to public health security and allhazards preparedness and response, to clarify the regulatory framework with respect to certain nonprescription drugs that are marketed without an approved drug application, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7328 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; table of contents. DIVISION A—PANDEMIC AND ALLHAZARDS PREPAREDNESS AND ADVANCING INNOVATION Sec. 100. References in division. TITLE I—STRENGTHENING THE NATIONAL HEALTH SECURITY STRATEGY Sec. 101. National Health Security Strategy. TITLE II—IMPROVING PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE Sec. 201. Improving benchmarks and standards for preparedness and response. Sec. 202. Amendments to preparedness and response programs. Sec. 203. Regional health care emergency preparedness and response systems. Sec. 204. Military and civilian partnership for trauma readiness. Sec. 205. Public health and health care system situational awareness and biosurveillance capabilities. Sec. 206. Strengthening and supporting the public health emergency rapid response fund. Sec. 207. Improving allhazards preparedness and response by public health emergency volunteers. Sec. 208. Clarifying State liability law for volunteer health care professionals. Sec. 209. Report on adequate national blood supply. Sec. 210. Report on the public health preparedness and response capabilities and capacities of hospitals, longterm care facilities, and other health care facilities. TITLE III—REACHING ALL COMMUNITIES Sec. 301. Strengthening and assessing the emergency response workforce. Sec. 302. Health system infrastructure to improve preparedness and response. Sec. 303. Considerations for atrisk individuals. Sec. 304. Improving emergency preparedness and response considerations for children. Sec. 305. National advisory committees on disasters. Sec. 306. Guidance for participation in exercises and drills. TITLE IV—PRIORITIZING A THREAT BASED APPROACH Sec. 401. Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response. Sec. 402. Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasures Enterprise. Sec. 403. Strategic National Stockpile. Sec. 404. Preparing for pandemic influenza, antimicrobial resistance, and other significant threats. Sec. 405. Reporting on the Federal Select Agent Program. TITLE V—INCREASING COMMUNICATION IN MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURE ADVANCED RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT Sec. 501. Medical countermeasure budget plan. Sec. 502. Material threat and medical countermeasure notifications. Sec. 503. Availability of regulatory management plans. Sec. 504. The Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority and the BioShield Special Reserve Fund. Sec. 505. Additional strategies for combating antibiotic resistance. TITLE VI—ADVANCING TECHNOLOGIES FOR MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURES Sec. 601. Administration of countermeasures. Sec. 602. Updating definitions of other transactions. Sec. 603. Medical countermeasure master files. Sec. 604. Animal rule report. Sec. 605. Review of the benefits of genomic engineering technologies and their potential role in national security. Sec. 606. Report on vaccines development. Sec. 607. Strengthening mosquito abatement for safety and health. TITLE VII—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Sec. 701. Reauthorizations and extensions. Sec. 702. Location of materials in the stockpile. Sec. 703. Cybersecurity. Sec. 704. Strategy and report. Sec. 705. Technical amendments. DIVISION B—OVERTHECOUNTER MONOGRAPH SAFETY, INNOVATION, AND REFORM Sec. 1000. Short title; references in division. TITLE I—OTC DRUG REVIEW Sec. 1001. Regulation of certain nonprescription drugs that are marketed without an approved drug application. Sec. 1002. Misbranding. Sec. 1003. Drugs excluded from the overthe counter drug review. Sec. 1004. Treatment of Sunscreen Innovation Act. Sec. 1005. Annual update to Congress on appropriate pediatric indication for certain OTC cough and cold drugs. Sec. 1006. Technical corrections. TITLE II—USER FEES Sec. 2001. Short title; finding. Sec. 2002. Fees relating to overthecounter drugs. DIVISION A—PANDEMIC AND ALLHAZARDS PREPAREDNESS AND ADVANCING INNOVATION 
Except as otherwise specified— (1) amendments made by this division to a section or other provision of law are amendments to such section or other provision of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.); and (2) any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. TITLE I—STRENGTHENING THE NATIONAL HEALTH SECURITY STRATEGY 
Section 2802 (42 U.S.C. 300hh–1) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘2014’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and (ii) by striking the second sentence and inserting the following: ‘‘Such National Health Security Strategy shall describe potential emergency health security threats and identify the process for achieving the preparedness goals described in subsection (b) to be prepared to identify and respond to such threats and shall be consistent with the national preparedness goal (as described in section 504(a)(19) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002), the National Incident Management System (as defined in section 501(7) of such Act), and the National Response Plan developed pursuant to section 504 of such Act, or any successor plan.’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by inserting before the period at the end of the second sentence the following: ‘‘, and an analysis of any changes to the evidencebased benchmarks and objective standards under sections 319C–1 and 319C–2’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by striking ‘‘2009’’ and inserting ‘‘2022’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘(including gaps in the environmental health and animal health workforces, as applicable), describing the status of such workforce’’ after ‘‘gaps in such workforce’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘and identifying strategies’’ and inserting ‘‘identifying strategies’’; and (iv) by inserting before the period at the end ‘‘, and identifying current capabilities to meet the requirements of section 2803’’; and (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and investigation’’ and inserting ‘‘investigation, and related information technology activities’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and decontamination’’ and inserting ‘‘decontamination, relevant health care services and supplies, and transportation and disposal of medical waste’’; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(E) Response to environmental hazards.’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘including mental health’’ 
and inserting ‘‘including pharmacies, mental health facilities,’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (F), by inserting ‘‘or exposures to agents that could cause a public health emergency’’ before the period; (C) in paragraph (5), by inserting ‘‘and other applicable compacts’’ after ‘‘Compact’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) ZOONOTIC DISEASE , FOOD , AND AGRI CULTURE .—Improving coordination among Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial entities (including through consultation with the Secretary of Agriculture) to prevent, detect, and respond to outbreaks of plant or animal disease (including zoonotic disease) that could compromise national security resulting from a deliberate attack, a naturally occurring threat, the intentional adulteration of food, or other public health threats, taking into account interactions between animal health, human health, and animals’ and humans’ shared environment as directly related to public health emergency preparedness and response capabilities, as applicable. ‘‘(10) GLOBAL HEALTH SECURITY .—Assessing current or potential health security threats from abroad to inform domestic public health preparedness and response capabilities.’’. TITLE II—IMPROVING PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE 
SEC. 201. IMPROVING BENCHMARKS AND STANDARDS FOR PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE. 
BASED BENCHMARKS AND OBJECTIVE STAND ARDS .—Section 319C–1 (42 U.S.C. 247d–3a) is amended by inserting after subsection (j) the following: ‘‘(k) EVALUATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018 and every 2 years thereafter, the Secretary shall conduct an evaluation of the evidencebased benchmarks and objective standards required under subsection (g). Such evaluation shall be submitted to the congressional committees of jurisdiction together with the National Health Security Strategy under section 2802, at such time as such strategy is submitted. ‘‘(2) CONTENT .—The evaluation under this paragraph shall include— ‘‘(A) a review of evidencebased benchmarks and objective standards, and associated metrics and targets; ‘‘(B) a discussion of changes to any evidencebased benchmarks and objective standards, and the effect of such changes on the ability to track whether entities are meeting or making progress toward the goals under this section and, to the extent practicable, the applicable goals of the National Health Security Strategy under section 2802; ‘‘(C) a description of amounts received by eligible entities described in subsection (b) and section 319C–2(b), and amounts received by subrecipients and the effect of such funding on meeting evidencebased benchmarks and objective standards; and ‘‘(D) recommendations, as applicable and appropriate, to improve evidencebased benchmarks and objective standards to more accurately assess the ability of entities receiving awards under this section to better achieve the goals under this section and section 2802.’’. (b) EVALUATING THE PARTNERSHIP FOR  STATE AND REGIONAL HOSPITAL PREPARED NESS.—Section 319C–2(i)(1) (42 U.S.C. 247– 3b(i)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘section 319C–1(g), (i), and (j)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 319C–1(g), (i), (j), and (k)’’. SEC. 202. AMENDMENTS TO PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE PROGRAMS. 
FOR IMPROVING STATE AND LOCAL PUBLIC  HEALTH SECURITY .—Section 319C–1 (42 U.S.C. 247d–3a) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by inserting ‘‘, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention,’’ after ‘‘the Secretary’’; and (2) in subsection (b)(2)(A)— (A) in clause (vi), by inserting ‘‘, including public health agencies with specific expertise that may be relevant to public health security, such as environmental health agencies,’’ after ‘‘stakeholders’’; (B) by redesignating clauses (vii) through (ix) as clauses (viii) through (x); (C) by inserting after clause (vi) the following: ‘‘(vii) a description of how, as applicable, such entity may integrate information to account for individuals with behavioral health needs following a public health emergency;’’; (D) in clause (ix), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (E) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(xi) a description of how the entity will partner with health care facilities, including hospitals and nursing homes and other long term care facilities, to promote and improve public health preparedness and response; and ‘‘(xii) a description of how, as appropriate and practicable, the entity will include critical infrastructure partners, such as utility companies within the entity’s jurisdiction, in planning pursuant to this subparagraph to help ensure that critical infrastructure will remain functioning during, or return to function as soon as practicable after, a public health emergency;’’. (b) EXCEPTION RELATING TO APPLICATION OF  CERTAIN REQUIREMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 319C–1(g) (42 U.S.C. 247d–3a(g)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (5)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘Beginning with fiscal year 2009’’ and inserting ‘‘Beginning with fiscal year 2019’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (A)— (I) by striking ‘‘for the immediately preceding fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘for either of the 2 immediately preceding fiscal years’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘2008’’ and inserting ‘‘2018’’; and (B) in paragraph (6), by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The amounts described in this paragraph are the following amounts that are payable to an entity for activities described in this section or section 319C–2: ‘‘(i) For no more than 1 of each of the first 2 fiscal years immediately following a fiscal year in which an entity experienced a failure described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of paragraph (5), an amount equal to 10 percent of the amount the entity was eligible to receive for the respective fiscal year. ‘‘(ii) For no more than 1 of the first 2 fiscal years immediately following the third consecutive fiscal year in which an entity experienced such a failure, in lieu of applying clause (i), an amount equal to 15 percent of the amount the entity was eligible to receive for the respective fiscal year.’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to cooperative agreements awarded on or after the date of enactment of this Act. (c) PARTNERSHIP FOR STATE AND REGIONAL  HOSPITAL PREPAREDNESS TO IMPROVE SURGE  CAPACITY .—Section 319C–2 (42 U.S.C. 247d–3b) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) by inserting ‘‘, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response,’’ after ‘‘The Secretary’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘preparedness for public health emergencies’’ and inserting ‘‘preparedness for, and response to, public health emergencies in accordance with subsection (c)’’; (2) in subsection (b)(1)(A)— (A) by striking ‘‘partnership consisting of’’ and inserting ‘‘coalition that includes’’; (B) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) one or more emergency medical service organizations or emergency management organizations; and’’; (3) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)(B), by striking ‘‘partnership’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘coalition’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking ‘‘medical preparedness’’ and inserting ‘‘preparedness and response’’; (4) in subsection (f), by striking ‘‘partnership’’ and inserting ‘‘coalition’’; (5) in subsection (g)(2)— (A) by striking ‘‘Partnerships’’ and inserting ‘‘Coalitions’’; (B) by striking ‘‘partnerships’’ and inserting ‘‘coalitions’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘and response’’ after ‘‘preparedness’’; and (6) in subsection (i)(1)— (A) by striking ‘‘An entity’’ and inserting ‘‘A coalition’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘such partnership’’ and inserting ‘‘such coalition’’. (d) PUBLIC HEALTH SECURITY GRANTS AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Section 319C–1(h)(1)(A) (42 U.S.C. 247d–3a(h)(1)(A)) is amended by striking ‘‘$641,900,000 for fiscal year 2014’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting ‘‘$685,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023 for awards pursuant to paragraph (3) (subject to the authority of the Secretary to make awards pursuant to paragraphs (4) and (5)).’’. (e) PARTNERSHIP FOR STATE AND REGIONAL  HOSPITAL PREPAREDNESS AUTHORIZATION OF  APPROPRIATIONS .—Section 319C–2(j) (42 U.S.C. 247d–3b(j)) is amended— (1) by amending paragraph (1) to read as follows: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For purposes of carrying out this section and section 319C–3, in accordance with subparagraph (B), there is authorized to be appropriated $385,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(B) RESERVATION OF AMOUNTS FOR RE GIONAL SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Subject to clause (ii), of the amount appropriated under subparagraph (A) for a fiscal year, the Secretary may reserve up to 5 percent for the purpose of carrying out section 319C–3. ‘‘(ii) RESERVATION CONTINGENT ON CONTIN UED APPROPRIATIONS FOR THIS SECTION .—If for fiscal year 2019 or a subsequent fiscal year, the amount appropriated under subparagraph (A) is such that, after application of clause (i), the amount remaining for the purpose of carrying out this section would be less than the amount available for such purpose for the previous fiscal year, the amount that may be reserved under clause (i) shall be reduced such that the amount remaining for the purpose of carrying out this section is not less than the amount available for such purpose for the previous fiscal year. ‘‘(iii) SUNSET .—The authority to reserve amounts under clause (i) shall expire on September 30, 2023.’’; (2) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1) for a fiscal year’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A) for a fiscal year and not reserved 
for the purpose described in paragraph (1)(B)(i)’’; and (3) in paragraph (3)(A), by striking ‘‘paragraph (1) and not reserved under paragraph (2)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (1)(A) and not reserved under paragraph (1)(B)(i) or (2)’’. 
SEC. 203. REGIONAL HEALTH CARE EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE SYSTEMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part B of title III (42 U.S.C. 243 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 319C–2 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 319C–3. GUIDELINES FOR REGIONAL HEALTH CARE EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE SYSTEMS. 
‘‘(a) P URPOSE .—It is the purpose of this section to identify and provide guidelines for regional systems of hospitals, health care facilities, and other public and private sector entities, with varying levels of capability to treat patients and increase medical surge capacity during, in advance of, and immediately following a public health emergency, including threats posed by one or more chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear agents, including emerging infectious diseases. ‘‘(b) GUIDELINES .—The Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, in consultation with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services, the Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration, the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use, the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, the heads of such other Federal agencies as the Secretary determines to be appropriate, and State, local, tribal, and territorial public health officials, shall, not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this section— ‘‘(1) identify and develop a set of guidelines relating to practices and protocols for all hazards public health emergency preparedness and response for hospitals and health care facilities to provide appropriate patient care during, in advance of, or immediately following, a public health emergency, resulting from one or more chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear agents, including emerging infectious diseases (which may include existing practices, such as trauma care and medical surge capacity and capabilities), with respect to— ‘‘(A) a regional approach to identifying hospitals and health care facilities based on varying capabilities and capacity to treat patients affected by such emergency, including— ‘‘(i) the manner in which the system will coordinate with and integrate the partnerships and health care coalitions established under section 319C–2(b); and ‘‘(ii) informing and educating appropriate first responders and health care supply chain partners of the regional emergency preparedness and response capabilities and medical surge capacity of such hospitals and health care facilities in the community; ‘‘(B) physical and technological infrastructure, laboratory capacity, staffing, blood supply, and other supply chain needs, taking into account resiliency, geographic considerations, and rural considerations; ‘‘(C) protocols or best practices for the safety and personal protection of workers who handle human remains and health care workers (including with respect to protective equipment and supplies, waste management processes, and decontamination), sharing of specialized experience among the health care workforce, behavioral health, psychological resilience, and training of the workforce, as applicable; ‘‘(D) in a manner that allows for disease containment (within the meaning of section 2802(b)(2)(B)), coordinated medical triage, treatment, and transportation of patients, based on patient medical need (including patients in rural areas), to the appropriate hospitals or health care facilities within the regional system or, as applicable and appropriate, between systems in different States or regions; and ‘‘(E) the needs of children and other atrisk individuals; ‘‘(2) make such guidelines available on the internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services in a manner that does not compromise national security; and ‘‘(3) update such guidelines as appropriate, including based on input received pursuant to subsections (c) and (e) and information resulting from applicable reports required under the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018 (including any amendments made by such Act), to address new and emerging public health threats. ‘‘(c) CONSIDERATIONS .—In identifying, developing, and updating guidelines under subsection (b), the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response shall— ‘‘(1) include input from hospitals and health care facilities (including health care coalitions under section 319C–2), State, local, tribal, and territorial public health departments, and health care or subject matter experts (including experts with relevant expertise in chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear threats, including emerging infectious diseases), as the Assistant Secretary determines appropriate, to meet the goals under section 2802(b)(3); ‘‘(2) consult and engage with appropriate health care providers and professionals, including physicians, nurses, first responders, health care facilities (including hospitals, primary care clinics, community health centers, mental health facilities, ambulatory care facilities, and dental health facilities), pharmacies, emergency medical providers, trauma care providers, environmental health agencies, public health laboratories, poison control centers, blood banks, tissue banks, and other experts that the Assistant Secretary determines appropriate, to meet the goals under section 2802(b)(3); ‘‘(3) consider feedback related to financial implications for hospitals, health care facilities, public health agencies, laboratories, blood banks, tissue banks, and other entities engaged in regional preparedness planning to implement and follow such guidelines, as applicable; and ‘‘(4) consider financial requirements and potential incentives for entities to prepare for, and respond to, public health emergencies as part of the regional health care emergency preparedness and response system. ‘‘(d) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, in consultation with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health, may provide technical assistance and consultation toward meeting the guidelines described in subsection (b). ‘‘(e) DEMONSTRATION PROJECT FOR REGIONAL HEALTH CAREPREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE SYSTEMS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response may establish a demonstration project pursuant to the development and implementation of guidelines under subsection (b) to award grants to improve medical surge capacity for all hazards, build and integrate regional medical response capabilities, improve specialty care expertise for allhazards response, and coordinate medical preparedness and response across State, local, tribal, territorial, and regional jurisdictions. ‘‘(2) SUNSET .—The authority under this subsection shall expire on September 30, 2023.’’. (b) GAO REPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Committee on Finance of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives, a report on the extent to which hospitals and health care facilities have implemented the recommended guidelines under section 319C–3(b) of the Public Health Service Act (as added by subsection (a)), including an analysis and evaluation of any challenges hospitals or health care facilities experienced in implementing such guidelines. (2) CONTENT .—The Comptroller General shall include in the report under paragraph (1)— (A) data on the preparedness and response capabilities that have been informed by the guidelines under section 319C–3(b) of the Public Health Service Act to improve regional emergency health care preparedness and response capability, including hospital and health care facility capacity and medical surge capabilities to prepare for, and respond to, public health emergencies; and (B) recommendations to reduce gaps in incentives for regional health partners, including hospitals and health care facilities, to improve capacity and medical surge capabilities to prepare for, and respond to, public health emergencies, consistent with subsection (a), which may include consideration of facilities participating in programs under section 319C–2 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–3b) or in programs under the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services (including innovative health care delivery and payment models), and input from private sector financial institutions. (3) CONSULTATION .—In carrying out paragraphs (1) and (2), the Comptroller General shall consult with the heads of appropriate Federal agencies, including— (A) the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response; (B) the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention; (C) the Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services; (D) the Assistant Secretary for Mental Health and Substance Use; (E) the Assistant Secretary of Labor for Occupational Safety and Health; and (F) the Secretary of Veterans Affairs. (c) ANNUAL REPORTS .—Section 319C–2(i)(1) (42 U.S.C. 247d–3b(i)(1)) is amended by inserting after the first sentence the following: ‘‘In submitting reports under this paragraph, a coalition shall include information on the progress that the coalition has made toward the implementation of section 319C–3 (or barriers to progress, if any).’’. (d) NATIONAL HEALTH SECURITY STRATEGY  INCORPORATION OF REGIONALIZED EMERGENCY  PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE .—Subpara graph (G) of section 2802(b)(3) (42 U.S.C. 300hh–1(b)(3)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(G) Optimizing a coordinated and flexible approach to the emergency response and medical surge capacity of hospitals, other health care facilities, critical care, trauma care (which may include trauma centers), and emergency medical systems.’’. (e) IMPROVING STATE AND LOCAL PUBLIC  HEALTH SECURITY .— 
(1) S TATE AND LOCAL SECURITY .—Section 319C–1(e) (42 U.S.C. 247d–3a(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘, and local emergency plans.’’ and inserting ‘‘, local emergency plans, and any regional health care emergency preparedness and response system established pursuant to the applicable guidelines under section 319C– 3.’’. (2) PARTNERSHIPS .—Section 319C–2(d)(1)(A) (42 U.S.C. 247d–3b(d)(1)(A)) is amended— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘;’’; (B) by redesignating clause (ii) as clause (iii); and (C) inserting after clause (i), the following: ‘‘(ii) among one or more facilities in a regional health care emergency system under section 319C–3; and’’. 
SEC. 204. MILITARY AND CIVILIAN PARTNERSHIP FOR TRAUMA READINESS. 
Title XII (42 U.S.C. 300d et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following new part: ‘‘PART I—MILITARY AND CIVILIAN PARTNERSHIP FOR TRAUMA READINESS GRANT PROGRAM 
‘‘SEC. 1291. MILITARY AND CIVILIAN PARTNERSHIP FOR TRAUMA READINESS GRANT PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) M ILITARY TRAUMA TEAM PLACEMENT  PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall award grants to not more than 20 eligible high acuity trauma centers to enable military trauma teams to provide, on a fulltime basis, trauma care and related acute care at such trauma centers. ‘‘(2) LIMITATIONS .—In the case of a grant awarded under paragraph (1) to an eligible high acuity trauma center, such grant— ‘‘(A) shall be for a period of at least 3 years and not more than 5 years (and may be renewed at the end of such period); and ‘‘(B) shall be in an amount that does not exceed $1,000,000 per year. ‘‘(3) AVAILABILITY OF FUNDS .—Notwith standing section 1552 of title 31, United States Code, or any other provision of law, funds available to the Secretary for obligation for a grant under this subsection shall remain available for expenditure for 100 days after the last day of the performance period of such grant. ‘‘(b) MILITARY TRAUMA CARE PROVIDER  PLACEMENT PROGRAM .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, acting through the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response and in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall award grants to eligible trauma centers to enable military trauma care providers to provide trauma care and related acute care at such trauma centers. ‘‘(2) LIMITATIONS .—In the case of a grant awarded under paragraph (1) to an eligible trauma center, such grant— ‘‘(A) shall be for a period of at least 1 year and not more than 3 years (and may be renewed at the end of such period); and ‘‘(B) shall be in an amount that does not exceed, in a year— ‘‘(i) $100,000 for each military trauma care provider that is a physician at such eligible trauma center; and ‘‘(ii) $50,000 for each other military trauma care provider at such eligible trauma center. ‘‘(c) GRANT REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) DEPLOYMENT AND PUBLIC HEALTH EMER GENCIES .—As a condition of receipt of a grant under this section, a grant recipient shall agree to allow military trauma care providers providing care pursuant to such grant to— ‘‘(A) be deployed by the Secretary of Defense for military operations, for training, or for response to a mass casualty incident; and ‘‘(B) be deployed by the Secretary of Defense, in consultation with the Secretary of Health and Human Services, for response to a public health emergency pursuant to section 319. ‘‘(2) USE OF FUNDS .—Grants awarded under this section to an eligible trauma center may be used to train and incorporate military trauma care providers into such trauma center, including incorporation into operational exercises and training drills related to public health emergencies, expenditures for malpractice insurance, office space, information technology, specialty education and supervision, trauma programs, research, and applicable license fees for such military trauma care providers. ‘‘(d) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect any other provision of law that preempts State licensing requirements for health care professionals, including with respect to military trauma care providers. ‘‘(e) REPORTING REQUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(1) REPORT TO THE SECRETARY AND THE  
SECRETARY OF DEFENSE .—Each eligible trauma center or eligible high acuity trauma center awarded a grant under subsection (a) or (b) for a year shall submit to the Secretary and the Secretary of Defense a report for such year that includes information on— ‘‘(A) the number and types of trauma cases managed by military trauma teams or military trauma care providers pursuant to such grant during such year; ‘‘(B) the ability to maintain the integration of the military trauma providers or teams of providers as part of the trauma center, including the financial effect of such grant on the trauma center; ‘‘(C) the educational effect on resident trainees in centers where military trauma teams are assigned; ‘‘(D) any research conducted during such year supported by such grant; and ‘‘(E) any other information required by the Secretaries for the purpose of evaluating the effect of such grant. ‘‘(2) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not less than once every 2 years, the Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Defense, shall submit a report to the congressional committees of jurisdiction that includes information on the effect of placing military trauma care providers in trauma centers awarded grants under this section on— ‘‘(A) maintaining military trauma care providers’ readiness and ability to respond to and treat battlefield injuries; ‘‘(B) providing health care to civilian trauma patients in urban and rural settings; ‘‘(C) the capability of trauma centers and military trauma care providers to increase medical surge capacity, including as a result of a large scale event; ‘‘(D) the ability of grant recipients to maintain the integration of the military trauma providers or teams of providers as part of the trauma center; ‘‘(E) efforts to incorporate military trauma care providers into operational exercises and training and drills for public health emergencies; and ‘‘(F) the capability of military trauma care providers to participate as part of a medical response during or in advance of a public health emergency, as determined by the Secretary, or a mass casualty incident. ‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this part: ‘‘(1) ELIGIBLE TRAUMA CENTER .—The term ‘eligible trauma center’ means a Level I, II, or III trauma center that satisfies each of the following: ‘‘(A) Such trauma center has an agreement with the Secretary of Defense to enable military trauma care providers to provide trauma care and related acute care at such trauma center. ‘‘(B) Such trauma center utilizes a riskadjusted benchmarking system and metrics to measure performance, quality, and patient outcomes. ‘‘(C) Such trauma center demonstrates a need for integrated military trauma care providers to maintain or improve the trauma clinical capability of such trauma center. ‘‘(2) ELIGIBLE HIGH ACUITY TRAUMA CEN TER.—The term ‘eligible high acuity trauma center’ means a Level I trauma center that satisfies each of the following: ‘‘(A) Such trauma center has an agreement with the Secretary of Defense to enable military trauma teams to provide trauma care and related acute care at such trauma center. ‘‘(B) At least 20 percent of patients treated at such trauma center in the most recent 3 month period for which data are available are treated for a major trauma at such trauma center. ‘‘(C) Such trauma center utilizes a riskadjusted benchmarking system and metrics to measure performance, quality, and patient outcomes. ‘‘(D) Such trauma center is an academic training center— ‘‘(i) affiliated with a medical school; ‘‘(ii) that maintains residency programs and fellowships in critical trauma specialties and subspecialties, and provides education and supervision of military trauma team members according to those specialties and subspecialties; and ‘‘(iii) that undertakes research in the prevention and treatment of traumatic injury. ‘‘(E) Such trauma center serves as a medical and public health preparedness and response leader for its community, such as by participating in a partnership for State and regional hospital preparedness established under section 319C–2 or 319C–3. ‘‘(3) MAJOR TRAUMA .—The term ‘major trauma’ means an injury that is greater than or equal to 15 on the injury severity score. ‘‘(4) MILITARY TRAUMA TEAM .—The term ‘military trauma team’ means a complete military trauma team consisting of military trauma care providers. ‘‘(5) MILITARY TRAUMA CARE PROVIDER .— The term ‘military trauma care provider’ means a member of the Armed Forces who furnishes emergency, critical care, and other trauma acute care services (including a physician, surgeon, physician assistant, nurse, nurse practitioner, respiratory therapist, flight paramedic, combat medic, or enlisted medical technician) or other military trauma care provider as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(g) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— To carry out this section, there are authorized to be appropriated $11,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. 
SEC. 205. PUBLIC HEALTH AND HEALTH CARE SYSTEM SITUATIONAL AWARENESS AND BIOSURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIES. 
(a) F ACILITIES , C APACITIES , AND BIOSURVEILLANCE CAPABILITIES .—Section 319D (42 U.S.C. 247d–4) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
REVITALIZING ’’ and inserting ‘‘ FACILITIES AND CA PACITIES OF ’’; (2) in subsection (a)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘FACILITIES ; CAPACITIES ’’ and inserting ‘‘I N GENERAL ’’; (B) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘and improved’’ and inserting ‘‘, improved, and appropriately maintained’’; (C) in paragraph (3), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘expand, enhance, and improve’’ and inserting 
‘‘expand, improve, enhance, and appropriately maintain’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) STUDY OF RESOURCES FOR FACILITIES  
AND CAPACITIES .—Not later than June 1, 2022, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on Federal spending in fiscal years 2013 through 2018 for activities authorized under this subsection. Such study shall include a review and assessment of obligations and expenditures directly related to each activity under paragraphs (2) and (3), including a specific accounting of, and delineation between, obligations and expenditures incurred for the construction, renovation, equipping, and security upgrades of facilities and associated contracts under this subsection, and the obligations and expenditures incurred to establish and improve the situational awareness and biosurveillance network under subsection (b), and shall identify the agency or agencies incurring such obligations and expenditures.’’; (3) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by striking ‘‘NATIONAL ’’ and inserting ‘‘E STABLISHMENT  
OFSYSTEMS OF PUBLIC HEALTH ’’; (B) in paragraph (1)(B), by inserting ‘‘immunization information systems,’’ after ‘‘centers,’’; and (C) in paragraph (2)— (i) by inserting ‘‘develop a plan to, and’’ after ‘‘The Secretary shall’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘and in a form readily usable for analytical approaches’’ after ‘‘in a secure manner’’; and (D) by amending paragraph (3) to read as follows: ‘‘(3) STANDARDS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, the Secretary, in cooperation with health care providers, State, local, tribal, and territorial public health officials, and relevant Federal agencies (including the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology and the National Institute of Standards and Technology), shall, as necessary, adopt technical and reporting standards, including standards for interoperability as defined by section 3000, for networks under paragraph (1) and update such standards as necessary. Such standards shall be made available on the internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services, in a manner that does not compromise national security. ‘‘(B) DEFERENCE TO STANDARDS DEVELOP MENT ORGANIZATIONS .—In adopting and implementing standards under this subsection and subsection (c), the Secretary shall give deference to standards published by standards development organizations and voluntary consensusbased standards entities.’’; (4) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness Reauthorization Act of 2013, the Secretary’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary’’; (ii) by inserting ‘‘, and improve as applicable and appropriate,’’ after ‘‘shall establish’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘of rapid’’ and inserting ‘‘of, rapid’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘such connectivity’’ and inserting ‘‘such interoperability’’; (B) by amending paragraph (2) to read as follows: ‘‘(2) COORDINATION AND CONSULTATION .—In establishing and improving the network under paragraph (1) the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) facilitate coordination among agencies within the Department of Health and Human Services that provide, or have the potential to provide, information and data to, and analyses for, the situational awareness and biosurveillance network under paragraph (1), including coordination among relevant agencies related to health care services, the facilitation of health information exchange (including the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology), and public health emergency preparedness and response; and ‘‘(B) consult with the Secretary of Agriculture, the Secretary of Commerce (and the Director of the National Institute of Standards and Technology), the Secretary of Defense, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the heads of other Federal agencies, as the Secretary determines appropriate.’’; (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (E) as clauses (i) through (v), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (ii) in clause (iv), as so redesignated— (I) by inserting ‘‘immunization information systems,’’ after ‘‘poison control,’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘and clinical laboratories’’ and inserting ‘‘, clinical laboratories, and public environmental health agencies’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘The network’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The network’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) REVIEW .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018 and every 6 years thereafter, the Secretary shall conduct a review of the elements described in subparagraph (A). Such review shall include a discussion of the addition of any elements pursuant to clause (v), including elements added to advancing new technologies, and identify any challenges in the incorporation of elements under subparagraph (A). The Secretary shall provide such review to the congressional committees of jurisdiction.’’; (D) in paragraph (5)— (i) by redesignating subparagraphs (A) through (D) as clauses (i) through (iv), respectively, and adjusting the margins accordingly; (ii) by striking ‘‘In establishing’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In establishing’’; (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) PUBLIC MEETING .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, the Secretary shall convene a public meeting for purposes of discussing and providing input on the potential goals, functions, and uses of the network described in paragraph (1) and incorporating the elements described in paragraph (3)(A). ‘‘(ii) EXPERTS .—The public meeting shall include representatives of relevant Federal agencies (including representatives from the Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology and the National Institute of Standards and Technology); State, local, tribal, and territorial public health officials; stakeholders with expertise in biosurveillance and situational awareness; stakeholders with expertise in capabilities relevant to biosurveillance and situational awareness, such as experts in informatics and data analytics (including experts in prediction, modeling, or forecasting); and other representatives as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(iii) TOPICS .—Such public meeting shall include a discussion of— ‘‘(I) data elements, including minimal or essential data elements, that are voluntarily provided for such network, which may include elements from public health and public and private health care entities, to the extent practicable; ‘‘(II) standards and implementation specifications that may improve the collection, analysis, and interpretation of data during a public health emergency; ‘‘(III) strategies to encourage the access, exchange, and use of information; ‘‘(IV) considerations for State, local, tribal, and territorial capabilities and infrastructure related to data exchange and interoperability; ‘‘(V) privacy and security protections provided at the Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial levels, and by nongovernmental stakeholders; and ‘‘(VI) opportunities for the incorporation of innovative technologies to improve the network.’’; and (iv) in subparagraph (A), as so designated by clause (ii)— (I) in clause (i), as so redesignated— (aa) by striking ‘‘as determined’’ and inserting ‘‘as adopted’’; and (bb) by inserting ‘‘and the National Institute of Standards and Technology’’ after ‘‘Office of the National Coordinator for Health Information Technology’’; (II) in clause (iii), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (III) in clause (iv), as so redesignated, by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (IV) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(v) pilot test standards and implementation specifications, consistent with the process described in section 3002(b)(3)(C), which State, local, tribal, and territorial public health entities may utilize, on a voluntary basis, as a part of the network.’’; (E) by redesignating paragraph (6) as paragraph (7); (F) by inserting after paragraph (5) the following: ‘‘(6) STRATEGY AND IMPLEMENTATION  
PLAN .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional committees of jurisdiction a coordinated strategy and an accompanying implementation plan that— ‘‘(i) is informed by the public meeting under paragraph (5)(B); ‘‘(ii) includes a review and assessment of existing capabilities of the network and related infrastructure, including input provided by the public meeting under paragraph (5)(B); ‘‘(iii) identifies and demonstrates the measurable steps the Secretary will carry out to— ‘‘(I) develop, implement, and evaluate the network described in paragraph (1), utilizing elements described in paragraph (3)(A); ‘‘(II) modernize and enhance biosurveillance activities, including strategies to include innovative technologies and analytical approaches (including prediction and forecasting for pandemics and allhazards) from public and private entities; ‘‘(III) improve information sharing, coordination, and communication among disparate biosurveillance systems supported by the Department of Health and Human Services, including the identification of methods to improve accountability, better utilize resources and workforce capabilities, and incorporate innovative technologies within and across agencies; and ‘‘(IV) test and evaluate capabilities of the interoperable network of systems to improve situational awareness and biosurveillance capabilities; ‘‘(iv) includes performance measures and the metrics by which performance measures 
will be assessed with respect to the measurable steps under clause (iii); and ‘‘(v) establishes dates by which each measurable step under clause (iii) will be implemented. ‘‘(B) ANNUAL BUDGET PLAN .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018 and on an annual basis thereafter, in accordance with the strategy and implementation plan under this paragraph, the Secretary shall, taking into account recommendations provided by the National Biodefense Science Board, develop a budget plan based on the strategy and implementation plan under this section. Such budget plan shall include— ‘‘(i) a summary of resources previously expended to establish, improve, and utilize the nationwide public health situational awareness and biosurveillance network under paragraph (1); ‘‘(ii) estimates of costs and resources needed to establish and improve the network under paragraph (1) according to the strategy and implementation plan under subparagraph (A); ‘‘(iii) the identification of gaps and inefficiencies in nationwide public health situational awareness and biosurveillance capabilities, resources, and authorities needed to address such gaps; and ‘‘(iv) a strategy to minimize and address such gaps and improve inefficiencies.’’; (G) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated— (i) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘(taking into account zoonotic disease, including gaps in scientific understanding of the interactions between human, animal, and environmental health)’’ after ‘‘human health’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B)— (I) by inserting ‘‘and gaps in surveillance programs’’ after ‘‘surveillance programs’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (iii) in subparagraph (C)— (I) by inserting ‘‘, animal health organizations related to zoonotic disease,’’ after ‘‘health care entities’’; and (II) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iv) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) provide recommendations to the Secretary on policies and procedures to complete the steps described in this paragraph in a manner that is consistent with section 2802.’’; and (H) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) SITUATIONAL AWARENESS AND BIO SURVEILLANCE AS A NATIONAL SECURITY PRI ORITY .—The Secretary, on a periodic basis as applicable and appropriate, shall meet with the Director of National Intelligence to inform the development and capabilities of the nationwide public health situational awareness and biosurveillance network.’’; (5) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘environmental health agencies,’’ after ‘‘public health agencies,’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘immunization programs,’’ after ‘‘poison control centers,’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (iii) by adding after subparagraph (C) the following: ‘‘(D) an implementation plan that may include measurable steps to achieve the purposes described in paragraph (1).’’; and (C) by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following: ‘‘(5) TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE .—The Secretary may provide technical assistance to States, localities, tribes, and territories or a consortium of States, localities, tribes, and territories receiving an award under this subsection regarding interoperability and the technical standards set forth by the Secretary.’’; (6) by redesignating subsections (f) and (g) as subsections (i) and (j), respectively; and (7) by inserting after subsection (e) the following: ‘‘(f) PERSONNEL AUTHORITIES .— ‘‘(1) SPECIALLY QUALIFIED PERSONNEL .—In addition to any other personnel authorities, to carry out subsections (b) and (c), the Secretary may— ‘‘(A) appoint highly qualified individuals to scientific or professional positions at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, not to exceed 30 such employees at any time (specific to positions authorized by this subsection), with expertise in capabilities relevant to biosurveillance and situational awareness, such as experts in informatics and data analytics (including experts in prediction, modeling, or forecasting), and other related scientific or technical fields; and ‘‘(B) compensate individuals appointed under subparagraph (A) in the same manner and subject to the same terms and conditions in which individuals appointed under 9903 of title 5, United States Code, are compensated, without regard to the provisions of chapter 51 and subchapter III of chapter 53 of such title relating to classification and General Schedule pay rates. ‘‘(2) LIMITATIONS .—The Secretary shall exercise the authority under paragraph (1) in a manner that is consistent with the limitations described in section 319F–1(e)(2). ‘‘(g) TIMELINE .—The Secretary shall accomplish the purposes under subsections (b) and (c) no later than September 30, 2023, and shall provide a justification to the congressional committees of jurisdiction for any missed or delayed implementation of measurable steps identified under subsection (c)(6)(A)(iii). ‘‘(h) INDEPENDENT EVALUATION .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct an independent evaluation and submit to the Secretary and the congressional committees of jurisdiction a report concerning the activities conducted under subsections (b) and (c), and provide recommendations, as applicable and appropriate, on necessary improvements to the biosurveillance and situational awareness network.’’. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Subsection (i) of section 319D (42 U.S.C. 247d– 4), as redesignated by subsection (a)(6), is amended by striking ‘‘$138,300,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$161,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (c) BIOLOGICAL THREAT DETECTION REPORT .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, in coordination with the Secretary of Defense and the Secretary of Homeland Security, not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this Act, report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions, the Committee on Armed Services, and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate on the state of Federal biological threat detection efforts, including the following— (1) an identification of technological, operational, and programmatic successes and failures of domestic detection programs supported by Federal departments and agencies for intentionallyintroduced or accidentally released biological threat agents and naturally occurring infectious diseases; (2) a description of Federal efforts to facilitate the exchange of information related to the information described in paragraph (1) among Federal departments and agencies that utilize biological threat detection technology; (3) a description of the capabilities of detection systems in use by Federal departments and agencies including the capability to— (A) rapidly detect, identify, characterize, and confirm the presence of biological threat agents; (B) recover live biological agents from collection devices; (C) determine the geographical distribution of biological agents; (D) determine the extent of environmental contamination and persistence of biological agents; and (E) provide advanced molecular diagnostics to State, local, tribal, and territorial public health and other laboratories that support biological threat detection activities; (4) a description of Federal interagency coordination related to biological threat detection; (5) a description of efforts by Federal departments and agencies that utilize biological threat detection technology to collaborate with State, local, tribal, and territorial public health laboratories and other users of biological threat detection systems, including collaboration regarding the development of— (A) biological threat detection requirements or standards; (B) a standardized integration strategy; (C) training requirements or guidelines; (D) guidelines for a coordinated public health response, including preparedness capabilities, and, as applicable, for coordination with public health surveillance systems; and (E) a coordinated environmental remediation plan, as applicable; and (6) recommendations related to research, advanced research, development, and procurement for Federal departments and agencies to improve and enhance biological threat detection systems, including recommendations on the transfer of biological threat detection technology among Federal departments and agencies, as necessary and appropriate. SEC. 206. STRENGTHENING AND SUPPORTING THE PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY RAPID RESPONSE FUND. 
Section 319 (42 U.S.C. 247d) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the first sentence, by inserting ‘‘or if the Secretary determines there is the significant potential for a public health emergency, to allow the Secretary to rapidly respond to the immediate needs resulting from such public health emergency or potential public health emergency’’ before the period; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘The Secretary shall plan for the expedited distribution of funds to appropriate agencies and entities.’’ after the first sentence; (B) by redesignating paragraph (2) as paragraph (3); (C) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) USES.—The Secretary may use amounts in the Fund established under paragraph (1), to— ‘‘(A) facilitate coordination between and among Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial entities and public and private health care entities that the Secretary determines may be affected by a public health 
emergency or potential public health emergency referred to in paragraph (1) (including communication of such entities with relevant international entities, as applicable); ‘‘(B) make grants, provide for awards, enter into contracts, and conduct supportive investigations pertaining to a public health emergency or potential public health emergency, including further supporting programs under section 319C–1, 319C–2, or 319C–3; ‘‘(C) facilitate and accelerate, as applicable, advanced research and development of security countermeasures (as defined in section 319F–2), qualified countermeasures (as defined in section 319F–1), or qualified pandemic or epidemic products (as defined in section 319F–3), that are applicable to the public health emergency or potential public health emergency under paragraph (1); ‘‘(D) strengthen biosurveillance capabilities and laboratory capacity to identify, collect, and analyze information regarding such public health emergency or potential public health emergency, including the systems under section 319D; ‘‘(E) support initial emergency operations and assets related to preparation and deployment of intermittent disaster response personnel under section 2812 and the Medical Reserve Corps under section 2813; and ‘‘(F) carry out other activities, as the Secretary determines applicable and appropriate.’’; and (D) by inserting after paragraph (3), as so redesignated, the following: ‘‘(4) REVIEW .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, the Secretary, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, shall conduct a review of the Fund under this section and provide recommendations to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives on policies to improve such Fund for the uses described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(5) GAO 
REPORT .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, the Comptroller General of the United States shall— ‘‘(A) conduct a review of the Fund under this section, including its uses and the resources available in the Fund; and ‘‘(B) submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report on such review, including recommendations related to such review, as applicable.’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by inserting ‘‘rapidly respond to public health emergencies or potential public health emergencies and’’ after ‘‘used to’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘section.’’ and inserting ‘‘Act or funds otherwise provided for emergency response.’’. 
SEC. 207. IMPROVING ALLHAZARDS PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE BY PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY VOLUNTEERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 319I (42 U.S.C. 247d–7b) is amended— (1) in the section heading, by striking ‘‘
VOLUNTEER HEALTH PROFESSIONAL ’’; (2) in subsection (a), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such health care professionals may include members of the National Disaster Medical System, members of the Medical Reserve Corps, and individual health care professionals.’’; (3) in subsection (i) by adding at the end ‘‘In order to inform the development of such mechanisms by States, the Secretary shall make available information and material provided by States that have developed mechanisms to waive the application of licensing requirements to applicable health professionals seeking to provide medical services during a public health emergency. Such information shall be made publicly available in a manner that does not compromise national security.’’; and (4) in subsection (k) by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. (b) ALLHAZARDS PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE PLAN.— Section 319C–1(b)(2)(A)(iv) (42 U.S.C. 247d– 3a(b)(2)(A)(iv)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(iv) a description of the mechanism the entity will implement to utilize the Emergency Management Assistance Compact, or other mutual aid agreement, for medical and public health mutual aid, and, as appropriate, the activities such entity will implement pursuant to section 319I to improve enrollment and coordination of volunteer health care professionals seeking to provide medical services during a public health emergency, which may include— ‘‘(I) providing a public method of communication for purposes of volunteer coordination (such as a phone number); ‘‘(II) providing for optional registration to participate in volunteer services during processes related to State medical licensing, registration, or certification or renewal of such licensing, registration or certification; or ‘‘(III) other mechanisms as the State determines appropriate;’’. 
SEC. 208. CLARIFYING STATE LIABILITY LAW FOR VOLUNTEER HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title II (42 U.S.C. 202 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 224 the following: 
‘‘SEC. 225. HEALTH CARE PROFESSIONALS ASSISTING DURING A PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY. 
‘‘(a) L IMITATION ON LIABILITY .—Notwith standing any other provision of law, a health care professional who is a member of the Medical Reserve Corps under section 2813 or who is included in the Emergency System for Advance Registration of Volunteer Health Professionals under section 319I and who— ‘‘(1) is responding— ‘‘(A) to a public health emergency determined under section 319(a), during the initial period of not more than 90 days (as determined by the Secretary) of the public health emergency determination (excluding any period covered by a renewal of such determination); or ‘‘(B) to a major disaster or an emergency as declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170) or under section 201 of the National Emergencies Act (50 U.S.C.1621) during the initial period of such declaration; and ‘‘(2) is alleged to be liable for an act or omission— ‘‘(A) during the initial period of a determination or declaration described in paragraph (1) and related to the treatment of individuals in need of health care services due to such public health emergency, major disaster, or emergency; ‘‘(B) in the State or States for which such determination or declaration is made; ‘‘(C) in the health care professional’s capacity as a member of the Medical Reserve Corps or a professional included in the Emergency System for Advance Registration of Volunteer Health Professionals under section 319I; and ‘‘(D) in the course of providing services that are within the scope of the license, registration, or certification of the professional, as defined by the State of licensure, registration, or certification; and ‘‘(3) prior to the rendering of such act or omission, was authorized by the State’s authorization of deploying such State’s Emergency System for Advance Registration of Volunteer Health Professionals described in section 319I or the Medical Reserve Corps established under section 2813, to provide health care services, shall be subject only to the State liability laws of the State in which such act or omission occurred, in the same manner and to the same extent as a similar health care professional who is a resident of such State would be subject to such State laws, except with respect to the licensure, registration, and certification of such individual. ‘‘(b) VOLUNTEER PROTECTION ACT.—Nothing in this section shall be construed to affect an individual’s right to protections under the Volunteer Protection Act of 1997. ‘‘(c) PREEMPTION .—This section shall supersede the laws of any State that would subject a health care professional described in subsection (a) to the liability laws of any State other than the State liability laws to which such individual is subject pursuant to such subsection. ‘‘(d) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘health care professional’ means an individual licensed, registered, or certified under Federal or State laws or regulations to provide health care services. ‘‘(2) The term ‘health care services’ means any services provided by a health care professional, or by any individual working under the supervision of a health care professional, that relate to— ‘‘(A) the diagnosis, prevention, or treatment of any human disease or impairment; or ‘‘(B) the assessment or care of the health of human beings. ‘‘(e) EFFECTIVE DATE.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—This section shall take effect 90 days after the date of the enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018. ‘‘(2) APPLICATION .—This section shall apply to a claim for harm only if the act or omission that caused such harm occurred on or after the effective date described in paragraph (1).’’. (b) GAO STUDY .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of— (1) the number of health care providers who register under the Emergency System for Advance Registration of Volunteer Health Professionals under section 319I of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7b) in advance to provide services during a public health emergency; (2) the number of health care providers who are credentialed to provide services during the period of a public health emergency declaration, including those who are credentialed though programs established in the Emergency System for Advance Registration of Volunteer Health Professionals under such section 319I and those credentialed by authorities within the State in which the emergency occurred; (3) the average time to verify the credentials of a health care provider during the period of a public health emergency declaration, including the average time pursuant to the Emergency System for Advance Registration of Volunteer Health Professionals under such section 319I and for an individual’s credentials to be verified by an authority within the State; and 
(4) the Emergency System for Advance Registration of Volunteer Health Professionals program in States, including whether physician or medical groups, associations, or other relevant provider organizations utilize such program for purposes of volunteering during public health emergencies. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to Congress a report containing recommendations related to maintaining an adequate national blood supply, including— (1) challenges associated with the continuous recruitment of blood donors (including those newly eligible to donate); (2) ensuring the adequacy of the blood supply in the case of public health emergencies; (3) implementation of the transfusion transmission monitoring system; and (4) other measures to promote safety and innovation, such as the development, use, or implementation of new technologies, processes, and procedures to improve the safety and reliability of the blood supply. 
SEC. 210. REPORT ON THE PUBLIC HEALTH PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE CAPABILITIES AND CAPACITIES OF HOSPITALS, LONGTERM CARE FACILITIES, AND OTHER HEALTH CARE FACILITIES. 
(a) S TUDY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall enter into an agreement with an appropriate entity to conduct a study regarding the public health preparedness and response capabilities and medical surge capacities of hospitals, longterm care facilities, and other health care facilities to prepare for, and respond to, public health emergencies, including natural disasters. (2) CONSULTATION .—In conducting the study under paragraph (1), the entity shall consult with Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial public health officials (as appropriate), and health care providers and facilities with experience in public health preparedness and response activities. (3) EVALUATION .—The study under paragraph (1) shall include— (A) an evaluation of the current benchmarks and objective standards, as applicable, related to programs that support hospitals, longterm care facilities, and other health care facilities, and their effect on improving public health preparedness and response capabilities and medical surge capacities, including the Hospital Preparedness Program, the Public Health Emergency Preparedness cooperative agreements, and the Regional Health Care Emergency Preparedness and Response Systems under section 319C–3 of the Public Health Service Act (as added by section 203); (B) the identification of gaps in preparedness, including with respect to such benchmarks and objective standards, such as those identified during recent public health emergencies, for hospitals, longterm care facilities, and other health care facilities to address future potential public health threats; (C) an evaluation of coordination efforts between the recipients of Federal funding for programs described in subparagraph (A) and entities with expertise in emergency power systems and other critical infrastructure partners during a public health emergency, to ensure a functioning critical infrastructure, to the greatest extent practicable, during a public health emergency; (D) an evaluation of coordination efforts between the recipients of Federal funding for programs described in subparagraph (A) and environmental health agencies with expertise in emergency preparedness and response planning for hospitals, longterm care facilities, and other health care facilities; and (E) an evaluation of current public health preparedness and response capabilities and medical surge capacities related to atrisk individuals during public health emergencies, including an identification of gaps in such preparedness as they relate to such individuals. (b) REPORT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The agreement under subsection (a) shall require the entity to submit to the Secretary of Health and Human Services and the congressional committees of jurisdiction, not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, a report on the results of the study conducted pursuant to this section. (2) CONTENTS .—The report under paragraph (1) shall— (A) describe the findings and conclusions of the evaluation conducted pursuant to subsection (a); and (B) provide recommendations for improving public health preparedness and response capability and medical surge capacity for hospitals, longterm care facilities, and other health care facilities, including— (i) improving the existing benchmarks and objective standards for the Federal grant programs described in subsection (a)(3)(A) or developing new benchmarks and standards for such programs; and (ii) identifying best practices for improving public health preparedness and response programs and medical surge capacity at hospitals, longterm care facilities, and other health care facilities, including recommendations for the evaluation under subparagraphs (C) and (D) of subsection (a)(3). TITLE III—REACHING ALL COMMUNITIES 
SEC. 301. STRENGTHENING AND ASSESSING THE EMERGENCY RESPONSE WORKFORCE. 
(a) N ATIONAL DISASTER MEDICAL SYSTEM .— (1) STRENGTHENING THE NATIONAL DISASTER  
MEDICAL SYSTEM .—Clause (ii) of section 2812(a)(3)(A) (42 U.S.C. 300hh–11(a)(3)(A)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(ii) be present at locations, and for limited periods of time, specified by the Secretary on the basis that the Secretary has determined that a location is at risk of a public health emergency during the time specified, or there is a significant potential for a public health emergency.’’. (2) REVIEW OF THE NATIONAL DISASTER MED ICAL SYSTEM .—Section 2812(b)(2) (42 U.S.C. 300hh–11(b)(2)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) JOINT REVIEW AND MEDICAL SURGE CA PACITY STRATEGIC PLAN .— ‘‘(A) REVIEW .—Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, the Secretary, in coordination with the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of Defense, and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall conduct a joint review of the National Disaster Medical System. Such review shall include— ‘‘(i) an evaluation of medical surge capacity, as described in section 2803(a); ‘‘(ii) an assessment of the available workforce of the intermittent disaster response personnel described in subsection (c); ‘‘(iii) the capacity of the workforce described in clause (ii) to respond to all hazards, including capacity to simultaneously respond to multiple public health emergencies and the capacity to respond to a nationwide public health emergency; ‘‘(iv) the effectiveness of efforts to recruit, retain, and train such workforce; and ‘‘(v) gaps that may exist in such workforce and recommendations for addressing such gaps. ‘‘(B) UPDATES .—As part of the National Health Security Strategy under section 2802, the Secretary shall update the findings from the review under subparagraph (A) and provide recommendations to modify the policies of the National Disaster Medical System as necessary.’’. (3) NOTIFICATION OF SHORTAGE .—Section 2812(c) (42 U.S.C. 300hh–11(c)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) NOTIFICATION .—Not later than 30 days after the date on which the Secretary determines the number of intermittent disaster response personnel of the National Disaster Medical System is insufficient to address a public health emergency or potential public health emergency, the Secretary shall submit to the congressional committees of jurisdiction a notification detailing— ‘‘(A) the impact such shortage could have on meeting public health needs and emergency medical personnel needs during a public health emergency; and ‘‘(B) any identified measures to address such shortage. ‘‘(4) CERTAIN APPOINTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—If the Secretary determines that the number of intermittent disaster response personnel within the National Disaster Medical System under this section is insufficient to address a public health emergency or potential public health emergency, the Secretary may appoint candidates directly to personnel positions for intermittent disaster response within such system. The Secretary shall provide updates on the number of vacant or unfilled positions within such system to the congressional committees of jurisdiction each quarter for which this authority is in effect. ‘‘(B) SUNSET .—The authority under this paragraph shall expire on September 30, 2021.’’. (4) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 2812(g) (42 U.S.C. 300hh–11(g)) is amended by striking ‘‘$52,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$57,400,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. (b) VOLUNTEER MEDICAL RESERVE CORPS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 2813(a) (42 U.S.C. 42 U.S.C. 300hh–15(a)) is amended by striking the second sentence and inserting ‘‘The Secretary may appoint a Director to head the Corps and oversee the activities of the Corps chapters that exist at the State, local, tribal, and territorial levels.’’. (2) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 2813(i) (42 U.S.C. 300hh–15(i)) is amended by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. (c) STRENGTHENING THE EPIDEMIC INTEL LIGENCE SERVICE .—Section 317F (42 U.S.C. Sec. 247b–7) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by inserting ‘‘or preparedness and response activities, including rapid response to public health emergencies and significant public health threats’’ after ‘‘conduct prevention activities’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘$35,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$50,000’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)(B), by striking ‘‘3 years’’ and inserting ‘‘2 years’’; and (2) in subsection (c)— (A) by striking ‘‘For the purpose of carrying out this section’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—For the purpose of carrying out this section, except as described in paragraph (2)’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) EPIDEMIC INTELLIGENCE SERVICE PRO GRAM .—For purposes of carrying out this section with respect to qualified health professionals serving in the Epidemic Intelligence Service, as authorized under section 317G, 
there are authorized to be appropriated $1,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (d) SERVICE BENEFIT FOR NATIONAL DISASTER MEDICAL SYSTEM VOLUNTEERS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 2812(c) (42 U.S.C. 300hh–11(c)), as amended by subsection (a)(3), is further amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) SERVICE BENEFIT .—Individuals appointed to serve under this subsection shall be considered eligible for benefits under part L of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968. The Secretary shall provide notification to any eligible individual of any effect such designation may have on other benefits for which such individual is eligible, including benefits from private entities.’’. (2) PUBLIC SAFETY OFFICER BENEFITS .—Sec tion 1204(9) of title I of the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 (34 U.S.C. 10284(9)) is amended— (A) in subparagraph (C)(ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (B) in subparagraph (D), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following: ‘‘(E) an individual appointed to the National Disaster Medical System under section 2812 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–11) who is performing official duties of the Department of Health and Human Services, if those official duties are— ‘‘(i) related to responding to a public health emergency or potential public health emergency, or other activities for which the Secretary of Health and Human Services has activated such National Disaster Medical System; and ‘‘(ii) determined by the Secretary of Health and Human Services to be hazardous.’’. (3) SUNSET .—The amendments made by paragraphs (1) and (2) shall cease to have force or effect on October 1, 2021. (e) MISSION READINESS REPORT TO CONGRESS .— (1) REPORT .—Not later than one year after the date of enactment of this section, the Comptroller General of the United States (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Comptroller General’’) shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, a report on the medical surge capacity of the United States in the event of a public health emergency, including the capacity and capability of the current health care workforce to prepare for, and respond to the full range of public health emergencies or potential public health emergencies, and recommendations to address any gaps identified in such workforce. (2) CONTENTS .—The Comptroller General shall include in the report under paragraph (1)— (A) the number of health care providers who have volunteered to provide health care services during a public health emergency, including members of the National Disaster Medical System, the Disaster Medical Assistant Teams, the Medical Reserve Corps, and other volunteer health care professionals in the verification network pursuant to section 319I of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7b); (B) the capacity of the workforce described in subparagraph (A) to respond to a public health emergency or potential public health emergency, including the capacity to respond to multiple concurrent public health emergencies and the capacity to respond to a nationwide public health emergency; (C) the preparedness and response capabilities and mission readiness of the workforce described in subparagraph (A) taking into account areas of health care expertise and considerations for atrisk individuals (as defined in section 2802(b)(4)(B) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300hh–1(b)(4)(B))); (D) an assessment of the effectiveness of efforts to recruit, retain, and train such workforce; and (E) identification of gaps that may exist in such workforce and recommendations for addressing such gaps, the extent to which the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response plans to address such gaps, and any recommendations from the Comptroller General to address such gaps. SEC. 302. HEALTH SYSTEM INFRASTRUCTURE TO IMPROVE PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE. 
(a) C OORDINATION OF PREPAREDNESS .—Sec tion 2811(b)(5) (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10(b)(5)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Such logistical support shall include working with other relevant Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial public health officials and private sector entities to identify the critical infrastructure assets, systems, and networks needed for the proper functioning of the health care and public health sectors that need to be maintained through any emergency or disaster, including entities capable of assisting with, responding to, and mitigating the effect of a public health emergency, including a public health emergency determined by the Secretary pursuant to section 319(a) or an emergency or major disaster declared by the President under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act or the National Emergencies Act, including by establishing methods to exchange critical information and deliver products consumed or used to preserve, protect, or sustain life, health, or safety, and sharing of specialized expertise.’’. (b) MANUFACTURING CAPACITY .—Section 2811(d)(2)(C) (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10(d)(2)(C)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, and ancillary medical supplies to assist with the utilization of such countermeasures or products,’’ after ‘‘products’’. (c) EVALUATION OF BARRIERS TO RAPID DELIVERY OF MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURES .— (1) RAPID DELIVERY STUDY .—The Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response may conduct a study on issues that have the potential to adversely affect the handling and rapid delivery of medical countermeasures to individuals during public health emergencies occurring in the United States. (2) NOTICE TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 9 months after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response shall notify the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate if the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response does not plan to conduct the study under paragraph (1) and shall provide such committees a summary explanation for such decision. (3) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 1 year after the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response conducts the study under paragraph (1), such Assistant Secretary shall submit a report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate containing the findings of such study. 
(a) A TRISK INDIVIDUALS IN THE NATIONAL  HEALTH SECURITY STRATEGY .—Section 2802(b)(4)(B) (42 U.S.C. 300hh–1(b)(4)(B)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘this section and sections 319C–1, 319F, and 319L,’’ and inserting ‘‘this Act,’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘special’’ and inserting ‘‘access or functional’’. (b) COUNTERMEASURE CONSIDERATIONS .— Section 319L(c)(6) (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e(c)(6)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘elderly’’ and inserting ‘‘older adults’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘with relevant characteristics that warrant consideration during the process of researching and developing such countermeasures and products’’ before the period. (c) BIOSURVEILLANCE OF EMERGING PUBLIC  HEALTH THREATS .—Section 2814 is amended— (1) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (8), by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(9) facilitate coordination to ensure that, in implementing the situational awareness and biosurveillance network under section 319D, the Secretary considers incorporating data and information from Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial public health officials and entities relevant to detecting emerging public health threats that may affect atrisk individuals, such as pregnant and postpartum women and infants, including adverse health outcomes of such populations related to such emerging public health threats.’’. 
SEC. 304. IMPROVING EMERGENCY PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE CONSIDERATIONS FOR CHILDREN. 
Part B of title III (42 U.S.C. 243 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 319D the following: 
FOR CHILDREN .—The Secretary, acting through the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Director’), shall maintain an internal team of experts, to be known as the Children’s Preparedness Unit (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Unit’), to work collaboratively to provide guidance on the considerations for, and the specific needs of, children before, during, and after public health emergencies. The Unit shall inform the Director regarding emergency preparedness and response efforts pertaining to children at the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ‘‘(b) EXPERTISE .—The team described in subsection (a) shall include one or more pediatricians, which may be a developmentalbehavioral pediatrician, and may also include behavioral scientists, child psychologists, epidemiologists, biostatisticians, health communications staff, and individuals with other areas of expertise, as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(c) DUTIES .—The team described in subsection (a) may— ‘‘(1) assist State, local, tribal, and territorial emergency planning and response activities related to children, which may include developing, identifying, and sharing best practices; ‘‘(2) provide technical assistance, training, and consultation to Federal, State, local, tribal, and territorial public health officials to improve preparedness and response capabilities with respect to the needs of children, including providing such technical assistance, training, and consultation to eligible entities in order to support the achievement of measurable evidencebased benchmarks and objective standards applicable to sections 319C–1 and 319C–2; ‘‘(3) improve the utilization of methods to incorporate the needs of children in planning for and responding to a public health emergency, including public awareness of such methods; 
‘‘(4) coordinate with, and improve, public private partnerships, such as health care coalitions pursuant to sections 319C–2 and 319C–3, to address gaps and inefficiencies in emergency preparedness and response efforts for children; ‘‘(5) provide expertise and input during the development of guidance and clinical recommendations to address the needs of children when preparing for, and responding to, public health emergencies, including pursuant to section 319C–3; and ‘‘(6) carry out other duties related to preparedness and response activities for children, as the Secretary determines appropriate.’’. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZING THE NATIONAL ADVISORY  COMMITTEE ON CHILDREN AND DISASTERS .— Section 2811A (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10a) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)(2), by inserting ‘‘, mental and behavioral,’’ after ‘‘medical’’; (2) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘15’’ and inserting ‘‘25’’; and (B) by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) REQUIRED NON FEDERAL MEMBERS .—The Secretary, in consultation with such other heads of Federal agencies as may be appropriate, shall appoint to the Advisory Committee under paragraph (1) at least 13 individuals, including— ‘‘(A) at least 2 nonFederal professionals with expertise in pediatric medical disaster planning, preparedness, response, or recovery; ‘‘(B) at least 2 representatives from State, local, tribal, or territorial agencies with expertise in pediatric disaster planning, preparedness, response, or recovery; ‘‘(C) at least 4 members representing health care professionals, which may include members with expertise in pediatric emergency medicine; pediatric trauma, critical care, or surgery; the treatment of pediatric patients affected by chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear agents, including emerging infectious diseases; pediatric mental or behavioral health related to children affected by a public health emergency; or pediatric primary care; and ‘‘(D) other members as the Secretary determines appropriate, of whom— ‘‘(i) at least one such member shall represent a children’s hospital; ‘‘(ii) at least one such member shall be an individual with expertise in schools or child care settings; ‘‘(iii) at least one such member shall be an individual with expertise in children and youth with special health care needs; and ‘‘(iv) at least one such member shall be an individual with expertise in the needs of parents or family caregivers, including the parents or caregivers of children with disabilities.’’. ‘‘(3) FEDERAL MEMBERS .—The Advisory Committee under paragraph (1) shall include the following Federal members or their designees (who may be nonvoting members, as determined by the Secretary): ‘‘(A) The Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response. ‘‘(B) The Director of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority. ‘‘(C) The Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ‘‘(D) The Commissioner of Food and Drugs. ‘‘(E) The Director of the National Institutes of Health. ‘‘(F) The Assistant Secretary of the Administration for Children and Families. ‘‘(G) The Administrator of the Health Resources and Services Administration. ‘‘(H) The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. ‘‘(I) The Administrator of the Administration for Community Living. ‘‘(J) The Secretary of Education. ‘‘(K) Representatives from such Federal agencies (such as the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration and the Department of Homeland Security) as the Secretary determines appropriate to fulfill the duties of the Advisory Committee under subsections (b) and (c).’’. ‘‘(4) TERM OF APPOINTMENT .—Each member of the Advisory Committee appointed under paragraph (2) shall serve for a term of 3 years, except that the Secretary may adjust the terms of the Advisory Committee appointees serving on the date of enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, or appointees who are initially appointed after such date of enactment, in order to provide for a staggered term of appointment for all members. ‘‘(5) CONSECUTIVE APPOINTMENTS ; MAXIMUM  
TERMS .—A member appointed under paragraph (2) may serve not more than 3 terms on the Advisory Committee, and not more than 2 of such terms may be served consecutively.’’; (3) in subsection (e), by adding at the end ‘‘At least one meeting per year shall be an inperson meeting.’’; (4) by redesignating subsection (f) as subsection (g); (5) by inserting after subsection (e) the following: ‘‘(f) COORDINATION .—The Secretary shall coordinate duties and activities authorized under this section in accordance with section 2811D.’’; and (6) in subsection (g), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (b) AUTHORIZING THE NATIONAL ADVISORY  COMMITTEE ON SENIORS AND DISASTERS .—Sub title B of title XXVIII (42 U.S.C. 300hh et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 2811A the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2811B. NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON SENIORS AND DISASTERS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security and the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, shall establish an advisory committee to be known as the National Advisory Committee on Seniors and Disasters (referred to in this section as the ‘Advisory Committee’). ‘‘(b) DUTIES .—The Advisory Committee shall— ‘‘(1) provide advice and consultation with respect to the activities carried out pursuant to section 2814, as applicable and appropriate; ‘‘(2) evaluate and provide input with respect to the medical and public health needs of seniors related to preparation for, response to, and recovery from allhazards emergencies; and ‘‘(3) provide advice and consultation with respect to State emergency preparedness and response activities relating to seniors, including related drills and exercises pursuant to the preparedness goals under section 2802(b). ‘‘(c) ADDITIONAL DUTIES .—The Advisory Committee may provide advice and recommendations to the Secretary with respect to seniors and the medical and public health grants and cooperative agreements as applicable to preparedness and response activities under this title and title III. ‘‘(d) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consultation with such other heads of agencies as appropriate, shall appoint not more than 17 members to the Advisory Committee. In appointing such members, the Secretary shall ensure that the total membership of the Advisory Committee is an odd number. ‘‘(2) REQUIRED MEMBERS .—The Advisory Committee shall include Federal members or their designees (who may be nonvoting members, as determined by the Secretary) and nonFederal members, as follows: ‘‘(A) The Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response. ‘‘(B) The Director of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority. ‘‘(C) The Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ‘‘(D) The Commissioner of Food and Drugs. ‘‘(E) The Director of the National Institutes of Health. ‘‘(F) The Administrator of the Centers for Medicare & Medicaid Services. ‘‘(G) The Administrator of the Administration for Community Living. ‘‘(H) The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. ‘‘(I) The Under Secretary for Health of the Department of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(J) At least 2 nonFederal health care professionals with expertise in geriatric medical disaster planning, preparedness, response, or recovery. ‘‘(K) At least 2 representatives of State, local, tribal, or territorial agencies with expertise in geriatric disaster planning, preparedness, response, or recovery. ‘‘(L) Representatives of such other Federal agencies (such as the Department of Energy and the Department of Homeland Security) as the Secretary determines necessary to fulfill the duties of the Advisory Committee. ‘‘(e) MEETINGS .—The Advisory Committee shall meet not less frequently than biannually. At least one meeting per year shall be an inperson meeting. ‘‘(f) COORDINATION .—The Secretary shall coordinate duties and activities authorized under this section in accordance with section 2811D. ‘‘(g) SUNSET .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee shall terminate on September 30, 2023. ‘‘(2) EXTENSION OF COMMITTEE .—Not later than October 1, 2022, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a recommendation on whether the Advisory Committee should be extended.’’. (c) NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INDIVIDUALS WITHDISABILITIES AND DISASTERS .— Subtitle B of title XXVIII (42 U.S.C. 300hh et seq.), as amended by subsection (b), is further amended by inserting after section 2811B the following: 
‘‘SEC. 2811C. NATIONAL ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES AND DISASTERS. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Homeland Security, shall establish a national advisory committee to be known as the National Advisory Committee on Individuals with Disabilities and Disasters (referred to in this section as the ‘Advisory Committee’). ‘‘(b) DUTIES .—The Advisory Committee shall— ‘‘(1) provide advice and consultation with respect to activities carried out pursuant to section 2814, as applicable and appropriate; ‘‘(2) evaluate and provide input with respect to the medical, public health, and accessibility needs of individuals with disabilities related to preparation for, response to, and recovery from allhazards emergencies; and ‘‘(3) provide advice and consultation with respect to State emergency preparedness and response activities, including related drills and exercises pursuant to the preparedness goals under section 2802(b). ‘‘(c) MEMBERSHIP .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consultation with such other heads of agencies 
and departments as appropriate, shall appoint not more than 17 members to the Advisory Committee. In appointing such members, the Secretary shall ensure that the total membership of the Advisory Committee is an odd number. ‘‘(2) REQUIRED MEMBERS .—The Advisory Committee shall include Federal members or their designees (who may be nonvoting members, as determined by the Secretary) and nonFederal members, as follows: ‘‘(A) The Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response. ‘‘(B) The Administrator of the Administration for Community Living. ‘‘(C) The Director of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority. ‘‘(D) The Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ‘‘(E) The Commissioner of Food and Drugs. ‘‘(F) The Director of the National Institutes of Health. ‘‘(G) The Administrator of the Federal Emergency Management Agency. ‘‘(H) The Chair of the National Council on Disability. ‘‘(I) The Chair of the United States Access Board. ‘‘(J) The Under Secretary for Health of the Department of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(K) At least 2 nonFederal health care professionals with expertise in disability accessibility before, during, and after disasters, medical and mass care disaster planning, preparedness, response, or recovery. ‘‘(L) At least 2 representatives from State, local, tribal, or territorial agencies with expertise in disaster planning, preparedness, response, or recovery for individuals with disabilities. ‘‘(M) At least 2 individuals with a disability with expertise in disaster planning, preparedness, response, or recovery for individuals with disabilities. ‘‘(d) MEETINGS .—The Advisory Committee shall meet not less frequently than biannually. At least one meeting per year shall be an inperson meeting. ‘‘(e) DISABILITY DEFINED .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘disability’ has the meaning given such term in section 3 of the Americans with Disabilities Act of 1990. ‘‘(f) COORDINATION .—The Secretary shall coordinate duties and activities authorized under this section in accordance with section 2811D. ‘‘(g) SUNSET .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Advisory Committee shall terminate on September 30, 2023. ‘‘(2) RECOMMENDATION .—Not later than October 1, 2022, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a recommendation on whether the Advisory Committee should be extended.’’. (d) ADVISORY COMMITTEE COORDINATION .— Subtitle B of title XXVIII (42 U.S.C. 300hh et seq.), as amended by subsection (c), is further amended by inserting after section 2811C the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall coordinate duties and activities authorized under sections 2811A, 2811B, and 2811C, and make efforts to reduce unnecessary or duplicative reporting, or unnecessary duplicative meetings and recommendations under such sections, as practicable. Members of the advisory committees authorized under such sections, or their designees, shall annually meet to coordinate any recommendations, as appropriate, that may be similar, duplicative, or overlapping with respect to addressing the needs of children, seniors, and individuals with disabilities during public health emergencies. If such coordination occurs through an inperson meeting, it shall not be considered the required inperson meetings under any of sections 2811A(e), 2811B(e), or 2811C(d). ‘‘(b) COORDINATION AND ALIGNMENT .—The Secretary, acting through the employee designated pursuant to section 2814, shall align preparedness and response programs or activities to address similar, dual, or overlapping needs of children, seniors, and individuals with disabilities, and any challenges in preparing for and responding to such needs. ‘‘(c) NOTIFICATION .—The Secretary shall annually notify the congressional committees of jurisdiction regarding the steps taken to coordinate, as appropriate, the recommendations under this section, and provide a summary description of such coordination.’’. 
SEC. 306. GUIDANCE FOR PARTICIPATION IN EXERCISES AND DRILLS. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue final guidance regarding the ability of personnel funded by programs authorized under this Act (including the amendments made by this Act) to participate in drills and operational exercises related to allhazards medical and public health preparedness and response. Such drills and operational exercises may include activities that incorporate medical surge capacity planning, medical countermeasure distribution and administration, and preparing for and responding to identified threats for that region. Such personnel may include State, local, tribal, and territorial public health department or agency personnel funded under this Act (including the amendments made by this Act). The Secretary shall consult with the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Defense, the Department of Veterans Affairs, and other applicable Federal departments and agencies as necessary and appropriate in the development of such guidance. The Secretary shall make the guidance available on the internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services. TITLE IV—PRIORITIZING A THREAT BASED APPROACH 
Section 2811(b) (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10(b)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding paragraph (1) by inserting ‘‘utilize experience related to public health emergency preparedness and response, biodefense, medical countermeasures, and other relevant topics to’’ after ‘‘shall’’; and (2) in paragraph (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) THREAT AWARENESS .—Coordinate with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Director of National Intelligence, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Assistant to the President for National Security Affairs, the Secretary of Defense, and other relevant Federal officials, such as the Secretary of Agriculture, to maintain a current assessment of national security threats and inform preparedness and response capabilities based on the range of the threats that have the potential to result in a public health emergency.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Title XXVIII is amended by inserting after section 2811 (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10) the following: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall establish the Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasures Enterprise (referred to in this section as the ‘PHEMCE’). The Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response shall serve as chair of the PHEMCE. ‘‘(b) MEMBERS .—The PHEMCE shall include each of the following members, or the designee of such members: ‘‘(1) The Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response. ‘‘(2) The Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. ‘‘(3) The Director of the National Institutes of Health. ‘‘(4) The Commissioner of Food and Drugs. ‘‘(5) The Secretary of Defense. ‘‘(6) The Secretary of Homeland Security. ‘‘(7) The Secretary of Agriculture. ‘‘(8) The Secretary of Veterans Affairs. ‘‘(9) The Director of National Intelligence. ‘‘(10) Representatives of any other Federal agency, which may include the Director of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, the Director of the Strategic National Stockpile, the Director of the National Institute of Allergy and Infectious Diseases, and the Director of the Office of Public Health Preparedness and Response, as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(c) FUNCTIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The functions of the PHEMCE shall include the following: ‘‘(A) Utilize a process to make recommendations to the Secretary regarding research, advanced research, development, procurement, stockpiling, deployment, distribution, and utilization with respect to countermeasures, as defined in section 319F– 2(c), including prioritization based on the health security needs of the United States. Such recommendations shall be informed by, when available and practicable, the National Health Security Strategy pursuant to section 2802, the Strategic National Stockpile needs pursuant to section 319F–2, and assessments of current national security threats, including chemical, biological, radiological, and nuclear threats, including emerging infectious diseases. In the event that members of the PHEMCE do not agree upon a recommendation, the Secretary shall provide a determination regarding such recommendation. ‘‘(B) Identify national health security needs, including gaps in public health preparedness and response related to countermeasures and challenges to addressing such needs (including any regulatory challenges), and support alignment of countermeasure procurement with recommendations to address such needs under subparagraph (A). ‘‘(C) Assist the Secretary in developing strategies related to logistics, deployment, distribution, dispensing, and use of countermeasures that may be applicable to the activities of the strategic national stockpile under section 319F–2(a). ‘‘(D) Provide consultation for the development of the strategy and implementation plan under section 2811(d). ‘‘(2) INPUT .—In carrying out subparagraphs (B) and (C) of paragraph (1), the PHEMCE shall solicit and consider input from State, local, tribal, and territorial public health departments or officials, as appropriate.’’. (b) PUBLIC HEALTH EMERGENCY MEDICAL  COUNTERMEASURES ENTERPRISE STRATEGY  
AND IMPLEMENTATION PLAN.—Section 2811(d) (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10(d)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) by striking ‘‘Not later than 180 days after the date of enactment of this subsection, and every year thereafter’’ and inserting ‘‘Not later than March 15, 2020, and biennially thereafter’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘Director of the Biomedical’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Food and Drugs’’ and inserting ‘‘Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasures Enterprise established under section 2811–1’’; and (2) in paragraph (2)(J)(v), by striking ‘‘one year period’’ and inserting ‘‘2year period’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 319F–2(a) (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(a)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (2) and (3) as paragraphs (3) and (4), respectively; and (2) in paragraph (1)— (A) by inserting ‘‘the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response and’’ after ‘‘collaboration with’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘and optimize’’ after ‘‘provide for’’; (C) by inserting ‘‘and, as informed by existing recommendations of, or consultations with, the Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasure Enterprise established under section 2811–1, make necessary additions or modifications to the contents of such stockpile or stockpiles based on the review conducted under paragraph (2)’’ before the period of the first sentence; and (D) by striking the second sentence; (3) by inserting after paragraph (1) the following: ‘‘(2) THREAT BASED REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall conduct an annual threatbased review (taking into account atrisk individuals) of the contents of the stockpile under paragraph (1), including nonpharmaceutical supplies, and, in consultation with the Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasures Enterprise established under section 2811–1, review contents within the stockpile and assess whether such contents are consistent with the recommendations made pursuant to section 2811–1(c)(1)(A). Such review shall be submitted on June 15, 2019, and on March 15 of each year thereafter, to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Committee on Appropriations of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives, in a manner that does not compromise national security. ‘‘(B) ADDITIONS , MODIFICATIONS , AND RE PLENISHMENTS .—Each annual threatbased review under subparagraph (A) shall, for each new or modified countermeasure procurement or replenishment, provide— ‘‘(i) information regarding— ‘‘(I) the quantities of the additional or modified countermeasure procured for, or contracted to be procured for, the stockpile; ‘‘(II) planning considerations for appropriate manufacturing capacity and capability to meet the goals of such additions or modifications (without disclosing proprietary information), including consideration of the effect such additions or modifications may have on the availability of such products and ancillary medical supplies in the health care system; ‘‘(III) the presence or lack of a commercial market for the countermeasure at the time of procurement; ‘‘(IV) the emergency health security threat or threats such countermeasure procurement is intended to address, including whether such procurement is consistent with meeting emergency health security needs associated with such threat or threats; ‘‘(V) an assessment of whether the emergency health security threat or threats described in subclause (IV) could be addressed in a manner that better utilizes the resources of the stockpile and permits the greatest possible increase in the level of emergency preparedness to address such threats; ‘‘(VI) whether such countermeasure is replenishing an expiring or expired countermeasure, is a different countermeasure with the same indication that is replacing an expiring or expired countermeasure, or is a new addition to the stockpile; ‘‘(VII) a description of how such additions or modifications align with projected investments under previous countermeasures budget plans under section 2811(b)(7), including expected lifecycle costs, expenditures related to countermeasure procurement to address the threat or threats described in subclause (IV), replenishment dates (including the ability to extend the maximum shelf life of a countermeasure), and the manufacturing capacity required to replenish such countermeasure; and ‘‘(VIII) appropriate protocols and processes for the deployment, distribution, or dispensing of the countermeasure at the State and local level, including plans for relevant capabilities of State and local entities to dispense, distribute, and administer the countermeasure; and ‘‘(ii) an assurance, which need not be provided in advance of procurement, that for each countermeasure procured or replenished under this subsection, the Secretary completed a review addressing each item listed under this subsection in advance of such procurement or replenishment.’’; (4) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated— (A) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and the Public Health Emergency Medical Countermeasures Enterprise established under section 2811–1’’ before the semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘, and the availability, deployment, dispensing, and administration of countermeasures’’ before the semicolon; (C) by amending subparagraph (E) to read as follows: ‘‘(E) devise plans for effective and timely supplychain management of the stockpile, in consultation with the Director of the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, the Secretary of Transportation, the Secretary of Homeland Security, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, and the heads of other appropriate Federal agencies; State, local, tribal, and territorial agencies; and the public and private health care infrastructure, as applicable, taking into account the manufacturing capacity and other available sources of products and appropriate alternatives to supplies in the stockpile;’’; (D) in subparagraph (G), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (E) in subparagraph (H), by striking the period and inserting a semicolon; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(I) ensure that each countermeasure or product under consideration for procurement pursuant to this subsection receives the same consideration regardless of whether such countermeasure or product receives or had received funding under section 319L, including with respect to whether the countermeasure or product is most appropriate to meet the emergency health security needs of the United States; and ‘‘(J) provide assistance, including technical assistance, to maintain and improve State and local public health preparedness capabilities to distribute and dispense medical countermeasures and products from the stockpile, as appropriate.’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(5) GAO 
REPORT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, and every 5 years thereafter, the Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a review of any changes to the contents or management of the stockpile since January 1, 2015. Such review shall include— ‘‘(i) an assessment of the comprehensiveness and completeness of each annual threat based review under paragraph (2), including whether all newly procured or replenished countermeasures within the stockpile were described in each annual review, and whether, consistent with paragraph (2)(B), the Secretary conducted the necessary internal review in advance of such procurement or replenishment; ‘‘(ii) an assessment of whether the Secretary established health security and sciencebased justifications, and a description of such justifications for procurement decisions related to health security needs with respect to the identified threat, for additions or modifications to the stockpile based on the information provided in such reviews under paragraph (2)(B), including whether such review was conducted prior to procurement, modification, or replenishment; ‘‘(iii) an assessment of the plans developed by the Secretary for the deployment, distribution, and dispensing of countermeasures procured, modified, or replenished under paragraph (1), including whether such plans were developed prior to procurement, modification, or replenishment; ‘‘(iv) an accounting of countermeasures procured, modified, or replenished under paragraph (1) that received advanced research and development funding from the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority; ‘‘(v) an analysis of how such procurement decisions made progress toward meeting emergency health security needs related to the identified threats for countermeasures added, modified, or replenished under paragraph (1); ‘‘(vi) a description of the resources expended related to the procurement of countermeasures (including additions, modifications, and replenishments) in the stockpile, and how such expenditures relate to the ability of the stockpile to meet emergency health security needs; ‘‘(vii) an assessment of the extent to which additions, modifications, and replenishments reviewed under paragraph (2) align with previous relevant reports or reviews by the Secretary or the Comptroller General; ‘‘(viii) with respect to any change in the Federal organizational management of the stockpile, an assessment and comparison of the processes affected by such change, including planning for potential countermeasure deployment, distribution, or dispensing capabilities and processes related to procurement decisions, use of stockpiled countermeasures, and use of resources for such activities; and ‘‘(ix) an assessment of whether the processes and procedures described by the Secretary pursuant to section 403(b) of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018 are sufficient to ensure countermeasures and products under consideration for procurement pursuant to subsection (a) receive the same consideration regardless of whether such countermeasures and products receive or had received funding under section 319L, including with respect to whether such countermeasures and products are most appropriate to meet the emergency health security needs of the United States. ‘‘(B) SUBMISSION .—Not later than 6 months after completing a classified version of the review under subparagraph (A), the Comptroller General shall submit an unclassified version of the review to the congressional committees of jurisdiction.’’. (b) ADDITIONAL REPORTING .—In the first threatbased review submitted after the date of enactment of this Act pursuant to paragraph (2) of section 319F–2(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(a)), as amended by subsection (a), the Secretary shall include a description of the processes and procedures through which the Director of Strategic National Stockpile and the Director of the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority coordinate with 
respect to countermeasures and products procured under such section 319F–2(a), including such processes and procedures in place to ensure countermeasures and products under consideration for procurement pursuant to such section 319F–2(a) receive the same consideration regardless of whether such countermeasures or products receive or had received funding under section 319L of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e), and whether such countermeasures and products are the most appropriate to meet the emergency health security needs of the United States. (c) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS , STRATEGIC NATIONAL STOCKPILE .—Section 319F–2(f)(1) (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(f)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$533,800,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$610,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023, to remain available until expended’’. 
SEC. 404. PREPARING FOR PANDEMIC INFLUENZA, ANTIMICROBIAL RESISTANCE, AND OTHER SIGNIFICANT THREATS. 
(a) S TRATEGIC INITIATIVES .—Section 319L(c)(4) (247d–7e(c)(4)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) STRATEGIC INITIATIVES .—The Secretary, acting through the Director of BARDA, may implement strategic initiatives, including by building on existing programs and by awarding contracts, grants, and cooperative agreements, or entering into other transactions, to support innovative candidate products in preclinical and clinical development that address priority, naturally occurring and manmade threats that, as determined by the Secretary, pose a significant level of risk to national security based on the characteristics of a chemical, biological, radiological or nuclear threat, or existing capabilities to respond to such a threat (including medical response and treatment capabilities and manufacturing infrastructure). Such initiatives shall accelerate and support the advanced research, development, and procurement of, countermeasures and products, as applicable, to address areas including— ‘‘(i) chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear threats, including emerging infectious diseases, for which insufficient approved, licensed, or authorized countermeasures exist, or for which such threat, or the result of an exposure to such threat, may become resistant to countermeasures or existing countermeasures may be rendered ineffective; ‘‘(ii) threats that consistently exist or continually circulate and have a significant potential to become a pandemic, such as pandemic influenza, which may include the advanced research and development, manufacturing, and appropriate stockpiling of qualified pandemic or epidemic products, and products, technologies, or processes to support the advanced research and development of such countermeasures (including multiuse platform technologies for diagnostics, vaccines, and therapeutics; virus seeds; clinical trial lots; novel virus strains; and antigen and adjuvant material); and ‘‘(iii) threats that may result primarily or secondarily from a chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear agent, or emerging infectious diseases, and which may present increased treatment complications such as the occurrence of resistance to available countermeasures or potential countermeasures, including antimicrobial resistant pathogens.’’. (b) PROTECTION OF NATIONAL SECURITY  FROM THREATS .—Section 2811 (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) PROTECTION OF NATIONAL SECURITY  FROMTHREATS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In carrying out subsection (b)(3), the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response shall implement strategic initiatives or activities to address threats, including pandemic influenza and which may include a chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear agent (including any such agent with a significant potential to become a pandemic), that pose a significant level of risk to public health and national security based on the characteristics of such threat. Such initiatives shall include activities to— ‘‘(A) accelerate and support the advanced research, development, manufacturing capacity, procurement, and stockpiling of countermeasures, including initiatives under section 319L(c)(4)(F); ‘‘(B) support the development and manufacturing of virus seeds, clinical trial lots, and stockpiles of novel virus strains; and ‘‘(C) maintain or improve preparedness activities, including for pandemic influenza. ‘‘(2) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—To carry out this subsection, there is authorized to be appropriated $250,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023. ‘‘(B) SUPPLEMENT , NOT SUPPLANT .— Amounts appropriated under this paragraph shall be used to supplement and not supplant funds provided under sections 319L(d) and 319F–2(g). ‘‘(C) DOCUMENTATION REQUIRED .—The As sistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, in accordance with subsection (b)(7), shall document amounts expended for purposes of carrying out this subsection, including amounts appropriated under the heading ‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’ under the heading ‘Office of the Secretary’ under title II of division H of the Consolidated Appropriations Act, 2018 (Public Law 115–141) and allocated to carrying out section 319L(c)(4)(F).’’. 
SEC. 405. REPORTING ON THE FEDERAL SELECT AGENT PROGRAM. 
Section 351A(k) (42 U.S.C. 262a(k)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘The Secretary’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(2) IMPLEMENTATION OF RECOMMENDATIONS  
ON SELECT AGENT REGULATIONS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, the Secretary shall report to the congressional committees of jurisdiction on the implementation of recommendations of the Federal Experts Security Advisory Panel concerning the select agent program. ‘‘(B) CONTINUED UPDATES .—The Secretary shall report to the congressional committees of jurisdiction annually following the submission of the report under subparagraph (A) until the recommendations described in such subparagraph are fully implemented, or a justification is provided for the delay in, or lack of, implementation.’’. TITLE V—INCREASING COMMUNICATION IN MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURE ADVANCED RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT 
Section 2811(b)(7) (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10(b)(7)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘March 1’’ and inserting ‘‘March 15’’; (2) in subparagraph (A)— (A) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting ‘‘;’’; and (B) by striking clause (iii) and inserting the following: ‘‘(iii) procurement, stockpiling, maintenance, and potential replenishment (including manufacturing capabilities) of all products in the Strategic National Stockpile; ‘‘(iv) the availability of technologies that may assist in the advanced research and development of countermeasures and opportunities to use such technologies to accelerate and navigate challenges unique to countermeasure research and development; and ‘‘(v) potential deployment, distribution, and utilization of medical countermeasures; development of clinical guidance and emergency use instructions for the use of medical countermeasures; and, as applicable, potential postdeployment activities related to medical countermeasures;’’; (3) by redesignating subparagraphs (D) and (E) as subparagraphs (E) and (F), respectively; and (4) by inserting after subparagraph (C), the following: ‘‘(D) identify the full range of anticipated medical countermeasure needs related to research and development, procurement, and stockpiling, including the potential need for indications, dosing, and administration technologies, and other countermeasure needs as applicable and appropriate;’’. SEC. 502. MATERIAL THREAT AND MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURE NOTIFICATIONS. 
(a) C ONGRESSIONAL NOTIFICATION OF MATERIAL THREAT DETERMINATION .—Section 319F– 2(c)(2)(C) (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(c)(2)(C)) is amended by striking ‘‘The Secretary and the Homeland Security Secretary shall promptly notify the appropriate committees of Congress’’ and inserting ‘‘The Secretary and the Secretary of Homeland Security shall send to Congress, on an annual basis, all current material threat determinations and shall promptly notify the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions and the Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce and the Committee on Homeland Security of the House of Representatives’’. (b) CONTRACTING COMMUNICATION .—Section 319F–2(c)(7)(B)(ii)(III) (42 U.S.C. 247d– 6b(c)(7)(B)(ii)(III)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The Secretary shall notify the vendor within 90 days of a determination by the Secretary to renew, extend, or terminate such contract.’’. 
Section 565(f) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–4(f)) is amended— (1) by redesignating paragraphs (3) through (6) as paragraphs (4) through (7), respectively; (2) by inserting after paragraph (2) the following: ‘‘(3) PUBLICATION .—The Secretary shall make available on the internet website of the Food and Drug Administration information regarding regulatory management plans, including— ‘‘(A) the process by which an applicant may submit a request for a regulatory management plan; ‘‘(B) the timeframe by which the Secretary is required to respond to such request; ‘‘(C) the information required for the submission of such request; ‘‘(D) a description of the types of development milestones and performance targets that could be discussed and included in such plans; and ‘‘(E) contact information for beginning the regulatory management plan process.’’; (3) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— 
(A) by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (5)(A)’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘paragraph (4)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (5)(B)’’; and (4) in paragraph (7)(A), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)(A)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (4)(A)’’. 
SEC. 504. THE BIOMEDICAL ADVANCED RESEARCH AND DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY AND THE BIOSHIELD SPECIAL RESERVE FUND. 
(a) B IOSHIELD SPECIAL RESERVE FUND.— Section 319F–2(g)(1) (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b(g)(1)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘$2,800,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$7,100,000,000 for the period of fiscal years 2019 through 2028, to remain available until expended’’; and (2) by striking the second sentence. (b) THEBIOMEDICAL ADVANCED RESEARCH  
AND DEVELOPMENT AUTHORITY .—Section 319L(d)(2) (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e(d)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘$415,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘$611,700,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’. 
(a) A DVISORY COUNCIL .—The Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) may continue the Presidential Advisory Council on Combating AntibioticResistant Bacteria, referred to in this section as the ‘‘Advisory Council’’. (b) DUTIES .—The Advisory Council shall advise and provide information and recommendations to the Secretary regarding programs and policies intended to reduce or combat antibioticresistant bacteria that may present a public health threat and improve capabilities to prevent, diagnose, mitigate, or treat such resistance. Such advice, information, and recommendations may be related to improving— (1) the effectiveness of antibiotics; (2) research and advanced research on, and the development of, improved and innovative methods for combating or reducing antibiotic resistance, including new treatments, rapid pointofcare diagnostics, alternatives to antibiotics, including alternatives to animal antibiotics, and antimicrobial stewardship activities; (3) surveillance of antibioticresistant bacterial infections, including publicly available and uptodate information on resistance to antibiotics; (4) education for health care providers and the public with respect to uptodate information on antibiotic resistance and ways to reduce or combat such resistance to antibiotics related to humans and animals; (5) methods to prevent or reduce the transmission of antibioticresistant bacterial infections, including stewardship programs; and (6) coordination with respect to international efforts in order to inform and advance United States capabilities to combat antibiotic resistance. (c) MEETINGS AND COORDINATION .— (1) MEETINGS .—The Advisory Council shall meet not less than biannually and, to the extent practicable, in coordination with meetings of the Antimicrobial Resistance Task Force established in section 319E(a) of the Public Health Service Act. (2) COORDINATION .—The Advisory Council shall, to the greatest extent practicable, coordinate activities carried out by the Council with the Antimicrobial Resistance Task Force established under section 319E(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–5(a)). (d) FACA.—The Federal Advisory Committee Act (5 U.S.C. App.) shall apply to the activities and duties of the Advisory Council. (e) EXTENSION OF ADVISORY COUNCIL .—Not later than October 1, 2022, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a recommendation on whether the Advisory Council should be extended, and in addition, identify whether there are other committees, councils, or task forces that have overlapping or similar duties to that of the Advisory Council, and whether such committees, councils, or task forces should be combined, including with respect to section 319E(a) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–5(a)). TITLE VI—ADVANCING TECHNOLOGIES FOR MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURES 
Section 319L(c)(4)(D)(iii) (42 U.S.C. 247d– 7e(c)(4)(D)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘and platform technologies’’ and inserting ‘‘platform technologies, technologies to administer countermeasures, and technologies to improve storage and transportation of countermeasures’’. 
Section 319L (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(3), by striking ‘‘, such as’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Code’’; and (2) in subsection (c)(5)(A)— (A) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘under this subsection’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Code’’ and inserting ‘‘(as defined in subsection (a)(3)) under this subsection’’; and (B) in clause (ii)— (i) by amending subclause (I) to read as follows: ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—To the maximum extent practicable, competitive procedures shall be used when entering into transactions to carry out projects under this subsection.’’; and (ii) in subclause (II)— (I) by striking ‘‘$20,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$100,000,000’’; (II) by striking ‘‘senior procurement executive for the Department (as designated for purpose of section 16(c) of the Office of Federal Procurement Policy Act (41 U.S.C. 414(c)))’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Financial Resources’’; and (III) by striking ‘‘senior procurement executive under’’ and inserting ‘‘Assistant Secretary for Financial Resources under’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The purpose of this section (including section 565B of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (b)) is to support and advance the development or manufacture of security countermeasures, qualified countermeasures, and qualified pandemic or epidemic products by facilitating and encouraging submission of data and information to support the development of such products, and through clarifying the authority to crossreference to data and information previously submitted to the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’), including data and information submitted to medical countermeasure master files or other master files. (b) MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURE MASTER  FILES.—Chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 351 et seq.) is amended by inserting after section 565A the following: 
‘‘(a) A PPLICABILITY OF REFERENCE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—A person may submit data and information in a master file to the Secretary with the intent to reference, or to authorize, in writing, another person to reference, such data or information to support a medical countermeasure submission (including a supplement or amendment to any such submission), without requiring the master file holder to disclose the data and information to any such persons authorized to reference the master file. Such data and information shall be available for reference by the master file holder or by a person authorized by the master file holder, in accordance with applicable privacy and confidentiality protocols and regulations. ‘‘(2) REFERENCE OF CERTAIN MASTER  
FILES .—In the case that data or information within a medical countermeasure master file is used only to support the conditional approval of an application filed under section 571, such master file may be relied upon to support the effectiveness of a product that is the subject of a subsequent medical countermeasure submission only if such application is supplemented by additional data or information to support review and approval in a manner consistent with the standards applicable to such review and approval for such countermeasure, qualified countermeasure, or qualified pandemic or epidemic product. ‘‘(b) MEDICAL COUNTERMEASURE MASTER  FILECONTENT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—A master file under this section may include data or information to support— ‘‘(A) the development of medical countermeasure submissions to support the approval, licensure, classification, clearance, conditional approval, or authorization of one or more security countermeasures, qualified countermeasures, or qualified pandemic or epidemic products; and ‘‘(B) the manufacture of security countermeasures, qualified countermeasures, or qualified pandemic or epidemic products. ‘‘(2) REQUIRED UPDATES .—The Secretary may require, as appropriate, that the master file holder ensure that the contents of such master file are updated during the time such master file is referenced for a medical countermeasure submission. ‘‘(c) SPONSOR REFERENCE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Each incorporation of data or information within a medical countermeasure master file shall describe the incorporated material in a manner in which the Secretary determines appropriate and that permits the review of such information within such master file without necessitating resubmission of such data or information. Master files shall be submitted in an electronic format in accordance with sections 512(b)(4), 571(a)(4), and 745A, as applicable, and as specified in applicable guidance. ‘‘(2) REFERENCE BY A MASTER FILE HOLD ER.—A master file holder that is the sponsor of a medical countermeasure submission shall notify the Secretary in writing of the intent to reference the medical countermeasure master file as a part of the submission. ‘‘(3) REFERENCE BY AN AUTHORIZED PER SON.—A person submitting an application for review may, where the Secretary determines appropriate, incorporate by reference all or part of the contents of a medical countermeasure master file, if the master file holder authorizes the incorporation in writing. ‘‘(d) ACKNOWLEDGMENT OF AND RELIANCE  UPON A MASTER FILE BY THE SECRETARY .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall provide the master file holder with a written notification indicating that the Secretary has reviewed and relied upon specified data or information within a master file and the purposes for which such data or information was incorporated by reference if the Secretary has reviewed and relied upon such specified data or information to support the approval, 
classification, conditional approval, clearance, licensure, or authorization of a security countermeasure, qualified countermeasure, or qualified pandemic or epidemic product. The Secretary may rely upon the data and information within the medical countermeasure master file for which such written notification was provided in additional applications, as applicable and appropriate and upon the request of the master file holder so notified in writing or by an authorized person of such holder. ‘‘(2) CERTAIN APPLICATIONS .—If the Secretary has reviewed and relied upon specified data or information within a medical countermeasure master file to support the conditional approval of an application under section 571 to subsequently support the approval, clearance, licensure, or authorization of a security countermeasure, qualified countermeasure, or qualified pandemic or epidemic product, the Secretary shall provide a brief written description to the master file holder regarding the elements of the application fulfilled by the data or information within the master file and how such data or information contained in such application meets the standards of evidence under subsection (c) or (d) of section 505, subsection (d) of section 512, or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (as applicable), which shall not include any trade secret or confidential commercial information. ‘‘(e) RULES OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to— ‘‘(1) limit the authority of the Secretary to approve, license, clear, conditionally approve, or authorize drugs, biological products, or devices pursuant to, as applicable, this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act (as such applicable Act is in effect on the day before the date of enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018), including the standards of evidence, and applicable conditions, for approval under the applicable Act; ‘‘(2) alter the standards of evidence with respect to approval, licensure, or clearance, as applicable, of drugs, biological products, or devices under this Act or section 351 of the Public Health Service Act, including, as applicable, the substantial evidence standards under sections 505(d) and 512(d) or this Act and section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act; or ‘‘(3) alter the authority of the Secretary under this Act or the Public Health Service Act to determine the types of data or information previously submitted by a sponsor or any other person that may be incorporated by reference in an application, request, or notification for a drug, biological product, or device submitted under sections 505(i), 505(b), 505(j), 512(b)(1), 512(b)(2), 512(j), 564, 571, 520(g), 515(c), 513(f)(2), or 510(k) of this Act, or subsection (a) or (k) of section 351 of the Public Health Service Act, including a supplement or amendment to any such submission, and the requirements associated with such reference. ‘‘(f) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘master file holder’ means a person who submits data and information to the Secretary with the intent to reference or authorize another person to reference such data or information to support a medical countermeasure submission, as described in subsection (a). ‘‘(2) The term ‘medical countermeasure submission’ means an investigational new drug application under section 505(i), a new drug application under section 505(b), or an abbreviated new drug application under section 505(j) of this Act, a biological product license application under section 351(a) of the Public Health Service Act or a biosimilar biological product license application under section 351(k) of the Public Health Service Act, a new animal drug application under section 512(b)(1) or abbreviated new animal drug application under section 512(b)(2), an application for conditional approval of a new animal drug under section 571, an investigational device application under section 520(g), an application with respect to a device under section 515(c), a request for classification of a device under section 513(f)(2), a notification with respect to a device under section 510(k), or a request for an emergency use authorization under section 564 to support— ‘‘(A) the approval, licensure, classification, clearance, conditional approval, or authorization of a security countermeasure, qualified countermeasure, or qualified pandemic or epidemic product; or ‘‘(B) a new indication to an approved security countermeasure, qualified countermeasure, or qualified pandemic or epidemic product. ‘‘(3) The terms ‘qualified countermeasure’, ‘security countermeasure’, and ‘qualified pandemic or epidemic product’ have the meanings given such terms in sections 319F– 1, 319F–2, and 319F–3, respectively, of the Public Health Service Act.’’. (c) STAKEHOLDER INPUT .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs and in consultation with the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, shall solicit input from stakeholders, including stakeholders developing security countermeasures, qualified countermeasures, or qualified pandemic or epidemic products, and stakeholders developing technologies to assist in the development of such countermeasures with respect to how the Food and Drug Administration can advance the use of tools and technologies to support and advance the development or manufacture of security countermeasures, qualified countermeasures, and qualified pandemic or epidemic products, including through reliance on crossreferenced data and information contained within master files and submissions previously submitted to the Secretary as set forth in section 565B of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (b). (d) GUIDANCE .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, shall publish draft guidance about how reliance on crossreferenced data and information contained within master files under section 565B of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (b) or submissions otherwise submitted to the Secretary may be used for specific tools or technologies (including platform technologies) that have the potential to support and advance the development or manufacture of security countermeasures, qualified countermeasures, and qualified pandemic or epidemic products. The Secretary, acting through the Commissioner of Food and Drugs, shall publish the final guidance not later than 3 years after the enactment of this Act. 
(a) S TUDY .—The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct a study on the application of the requirements under subsections (c) and (d) of section 565 of the of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–4) (referred to in this section as the ‘‘animal rule’’) as a component of medical countermeasure advanced development under the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority and regulatory review by the Food and Drug Administration. In conducting such study, the Comptroller General shall examine the following: (1) The extent to which advanced development and review of a medical countermeasure are coordinated between the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority and the Food and Drug Administration, including activities that facilitate appropriate and efficient design of studies to support approval, licensure, and authorization under the animal rule, consistent with the recommendations in the animal rule guidance, issued pursuant to section 565(c) of the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–4(c)) and entitled ‘‘Product Development Under the Animal Rule: Guidance for Industry’’ (issued in October 2015), to resolve discrepancies in the design of adequate and wellcontrolled efficacy studies conducted in animal models related to the provision of substantial evidence of effectiveness for the product approved, licensed, or authorized under the animal rule. (2) The consistency of the application of the animal rule among and between review divisions within the Food and Drug Administration. (3) The flexibility pursuant to the animal rule to address variations in countermeasure development and review processes, including the extent to which qualified animal models are adopted and used within the Food and Drug Administration in regulatory decisionmaking with respect to medical countermeasures. (4) The extent to which the guidance issued under section 565(c) of the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–4(c)), entitled, ‘‘Product Development Under the Animal Rule: Guidance for Industry’’ (issued in October 2015), has assisted in achieving the purposes described in paragraphs (1), (2), and (3). (b) CONSULTATIONS .—In conducting the study under subsection (a), the Comptroller General of the United States shall consult with— (1) the Federal agencies responsible for advancing, reviewing, and procuring medical countermeasures, including the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority, the Food and Drug Administration, and the Department of Defense; (2) manufacturers involved in the research and development of medical countermeasures to address biological, chemical, radiological, or nuclear threats; and (3) other biodefense stakeholders, as applicable. (c) REPORT .—Not later than 3 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report containing the results of the study conducted under subsection (a) and recommendations to improve the application and consistency of the requirements under subsections (c) and (d) of section 565 of the Federal Food, Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–4) to support and expedite the research and development of medical countermeasures, as applicable. (d) PROTECTION OF NATIONAL SECURITY .— The Comptroller General of the United States shall conduct the study and issue the assessment and report under this section in a manner that does not compromise national security. 
SEC. 605. REVIEW OF THE BENEFITS OF GENOMIC ENGINEERING TECHNOLOGIES AND THEIR POTENTIAL ROLE IN NATIONAL SECURITY. 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall convene a meeting to discuss the potential role advancements in genomic engineering technologies (including genome editing technologies) may have in advancing national health security. Such meeting shall be held in a manner that does not compromise national security. (2) ATTENDEES .—The attendees of the meeting under paragraph (1)— (A) shall include— (i) representatives from the Office of the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response, the National Institutes of Health, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, and the Food and Drug Administration; and (ii) representatives from academic, private, and nonprofit entities with expertise in genome engineering technologies, biopharmaceuticals, medicine, or biodefense, and other relevant stakeholders; and (B) may include— (i) other representatives from the Department of Health and Human Services, as the Secretary determines appropriate; and (ii) representatives from the Department of Homeland Security, the Department of Defense, the Department of Agriculture, and other departments, as the Secretary may request for the meeting. (3) TOPICS .—The meeting under paragraph (1) shall include a discussion of— (A) the current state of the science of genomic engineering technologies related to national health security, including— (i) medical countermeasure development, including potential efficiencies in the development pathway and detection technologies; and (ii) the international and domestic regulation of products utilizing genome editing technologies; and (B) national security implications, including— (i) capabilities of the United States to leverage genomic engineering technologies as a part of the medical countermeasure enterprise, including current applicable research, development, and application efforts underway within the Department of Defense; (ii) the potential for state and nonstate actors to utilize genomic engineering technologies as a national health security threat; and (iii) security measures to monitor and assess the potential threat that may result from utilization of genomic engineering technologies and related technologies for the purpose of compromising national health security. (b) REPORT .—Not later than 270 days after the meeting described in subsection (a) is held, the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response shall issue a report to the congressional committees of jurisdiction on the topics discussed at such meeting, and provide recommendations, as applicable, to utilize innovations in genomic engineering (including genome editing) and related technologies as a part of preparedness and response activities to advance national health security. Such report shall be issued in a manner that does not compromise national security. 
Not later than one year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall submit to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives a report describing efforts and activities to coordinate with other countries and international partners during recent public health emergencies with respect to the research and advanced research on, and development of, qualified pandemic or epidemic products (as defined in section 319F–3 of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6d)). Such report may include information regarding relevant work carried out under section 319L(c)(5)(E) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d– 7e(c)(5)(E)), through publicprivate partnerships, and through collaborations with other countries to assist with or expedite the research and development of qualified pandemic or epidemic products. Such report shall not include information that may compromise national security. SEC. 607. STRENGTHENING MOSQUITO ABATEMENT FOR SAFETY AND HEALTH. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION OF MOSQUITO ABATE MENT FOR SAFETY AND HEALTH PROGRAM .— Section 317S (42 U.S.C. 247b–21) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1)(B)— (A) by inserting ‘‘including programs to address emerging infectious mosquitoborne diseases,’’ after ‘‘subdivisions for control programs,’’; and (B) by inserting ‘‘or improving existing control programs’’ before the period at the end; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, including improvement,’’ after ‘‘operation’’; (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (II) in clause (iii), by striking the semicolon at the end and inserting ‘‘, including an emerging infectious mosquitoborne disease that presents a serious public health threat; or’’; and (III) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(iv) a public health emergency due to the incidence or prevalence of a mosquitoborne disease that presents a serious public health threat;’’; and (ii) by amending subparagraph (D) to read as follows: ‘‘(D)(i) is located in a State that has received a grant under subsection (a); or ‘‘(ii) that demonstrates to the Secretary that the control program is consistent with existing State mosquito control plans or policies, or other applicable State preparedness plans.’’; (C) in paragraph (4)(C), by striking ‘‘that extraordinary’’ and all that follows through the period at the end and inserting the following: ‘‘that— ‘‘(i) extraordinary economic conditions in the political subdivision or consortium of political subdivisions involved justify the waiver; or ‘‘(ii) the geographical area covered by a political subdivision or consortium for a grant under paragraph (1) has an extreme mosquito control need due to— ‘‘(I) the size or density of the potentially impacted human population; ‘‘(II) the size or density of a mosquito population that requires heightened control; or ‘‘(III) the severity of the mosquitoborne disease, such that expected serious adverse health outcomes for the human population justify the waiver.’’; and (D) by amending paragraph (6) to read as follows: ‘‘(6) NUMBER OF GRANTS .—A political subdivision or a consortium of political subdivisions may not receive more than one grant under paragraph (1).’’; and (3) in subsection (f)— (A) in paragraph (1) by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2003, and such sums as may be necessary for each of fiscal years 2004 through 2007’’ and inserting ‘‘for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’; (B) in paragraph (2), by striking ‘‘the Public Health Security and Bioterrorism Preparedness and Response Act of 2002’’ and inserting ‘‘this Act and other medical and public health preparedness and response laws’’; and (C) in paragraph (3)— (i) in the paragraph heading, by striking ‘‘2004’’ and inserting ‘‘2019’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘2004,’’ and inserting ‘‘2019,’’. (b) EPIDEMIOLOGY LABORATORY CAPACITY  GRANTS .—Section 2821 (42 U.S.C. 300hh–31) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)(1), by inserting ‘‘, including mosquito and other vectorborne diseases,’’ after ‘‘infectious diseases’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘2010 through 2013’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. TITLE VII—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS 
(a) V ETERANS AFFAIRS .—Section 8117(g) of title 38, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. (b) VACCINE TRACKING AND DISTRIBUTION .— Section 319A(e) (42 U.S.C. 247d–1(e)) is amended by striking ‘‘2014 through 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’. (c) TEMPORARY REASSIGNMENT .—Section 319(e)(8) (42 U.S.C. 247d(e)(8)) is amended by striking ‘‘2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (d) STRATEGIC INNOVATION PARTNER .—Sec tion 319L(c)(4)(E)(ix) (42 U.S.C. 247d– 7e(c)(4)(E)(ix)) is amended by striking ‘‘2022’’ and inserting ‘‘2023’’. (e) LIMITED ANTITRUST EXEMPTION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 405 of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness Act (Public Law 109–417; 42 U.S.C. 247d–6a note) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(A)— (i) by striking ‘‘Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this subsection as the ‘Secretary’)’’ and inserting ‘‘Secretary’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b)) (as amended by this Act’’; (iii) by striking ‘‘of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6a)) (as amended by this Act’’; and (iv) by striking ‘‘of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6d)’’; (B) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘12year’’ and inserting ‘‘17year’’; (C) by redesignating such section 405 as section 319L–1; and (D) by transferring such section 319L–1, as redesignated, to the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 201 et seq.), to appear after section 319L of such Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e). (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The table of contents in section 1(b) of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness Act (Public Law 109–417) is amended by striking the item related to section 405. (f) INAPPLICABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVISIONS .—Subsection (e)(1) of section 319L (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e(e)(1)) is amended— (1) by amending subparagraph (A) to read as follows: ‘‘(A) NONDISCLOSURE OF INFORMATION .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Information described in clause (ii) shall be deemed to be information described in section 552(b)(3) of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(ii) INFORMATION DESCRIBED .—The information described in this clause is information relevant to programs of the Department of Health and Human Services that could compromise national security and reveal significant and not otherwise publicly known vulnerabilities of existing medical or public health defenses against chemical, biological, radiological, or nuclear threats, and is comprised of— 
‘‘(I) specific technical data or scientific information that is created or obtained during the countermeasure and product advanced research and development carried out under subsection (c); ‘‘(II) information pertaining to the location security, personnel, and research materials and methods of highcontainment laboratories conducting research with select agents, toxins, or other agents with a material threat determination under section 319F–2(c)(2); or ‘‘(III) security and vulnerability assessments.’’; (2) by redesignating subparagraph (C) as subparagraph (D); (3) by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following: ‘‘(C) REPORTING .—One year after the date of enactment of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall report to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives on the number of instances in which the Secretary has used the authority under this subsection to withhold information from disclosure, as well as the nature of any request under section 552 of title 5, United States Code that was denied using such authority.’’; and (4) in subparagraph (D), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘12’’ and inserting ‘‘17’’. 
Subsection (d) of section 319F–2 (42 U.S.C. 247d–6b) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) DISCLOSURES .—No Federal agency may disclose under section 552 of title 5, United States Code any information identifying the location at which materials in the stockpile described in subsection (a) are stored, or other information regarding the contents or deployment capability of the stockpile that could compromise national security.’’. 
(a) S TRATEGY FOR PUBLIC HEALTH PREPAREDNESS AND RESPONSE TO CYBERSECURITY  THREATS .— (1) STRATEGY .—Not later than 18 months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall prepare and submit to the relevant committees of Congress a strategy for public health preparedness and response to address cybersecurity threats (as defined in section 102 of Cybersecurity Information Sharing Act of 2015 (6 U.S.C. 1501)) that present a threat to national health security. Such strategy shall include— (A) identifying the duties, functions, and preparedness goals for which the Secretary is responsible in order to prepare for and respond to such cybersecurity threats, including metrics by which to measure success in meeting preparedness goals; (B) identifying gaps in public health capabilities to achieve such preparedness goals; and (C) strategies to address identified gaps and strengthen public health emergency preparedness and response capabilities to address such cybersecurity threats. (2) PROTECTION OF NATIONAL SECURITY .— The Secretary shall make such strategy available to the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, and other congressional committees of jurisdiction, in a manner that does not compromise national security. (b) COORDINATION OF PREPAREDNESS FOR  
AND RESPONSE TO ALLHAZARDS PUBLIC  HEALTH EMERGENCIES .—Subparagraph (D) of section 2811(b)(4) (42 U.S.C. 300hh–10(b)(4)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(D) POLICY COORDINATION AND STRATEGIC  
DIRECTION .—Provide integrated policy coordination and strategic direction, before, during, and following public health emergencies, with respect to all matters related to Federal public health and medical preparedness and execution and deployment of the Federal response for public health emergencies and incidents covered by the National Response Plan described in section 504(a)(6) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 314(a)(6)), or any successor plan; and such Federal responses covered by the National Cybersecurity Incident Response Plan developed under section 228(c) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 149(c)), including public health emergencies or incidents related to cybersecurity threats that present a threat to national health security.’’. 
Not later than 14 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Health and Human Services, in coordination with the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response and the Assistant Secretary for the Administration on Children and Families or other appropriate office, and in collaboration with other departments, as appropriate, shall submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate, and other relevant congressional committees— (1) a formal strategy, including interdepartmental actions and efforts to reunify children with their parents or guardians, in all cases in which such children have been separated from their parents or guardians as a result of the initiative announced on April 6, 2018, and due to prosecution under section 275(a) of the Immigration and Nationality Act (8 U.S.C. 1325(a)), if the parent or guardian chooses such reunification and the child— (A) was separated from a parent or guardian and placed into a facility funded by the Department of Health and Human Services; (B) as of the date of the enactment of this Act, remains in the care of the Department of Health and Human Services; and (C) can be safely reunited with such parent or guardian; and (2) a report on challenges and deficiencies related to the oversight of, and care for, unaccompanied alien children and appropriately reuniting such children with their parents or guardians, and the actions taken to address any challenges and deficiencies related to unaccompanied alien children in the custody of the Department of Health and Human Services, including deficiencies identified and publicly reported by Congress, the Government Accountability Office, or the Inspectors General of the Department of Health and Human Services or other Federal departments. 
(a) P UBLIC HEALTH SERVICE ACT.—Title III (42 U.S.C. 241 et seq.) is amended— (1) in paragraphs (1) and (5) of section 319F– 1(a) (42 U.S.C. 247d–6a(a)), by striking ‘‘section 319F(h)’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘section 319F(e)’’; and (2) in section 319K(a) (42 U.S.C. 247d–7d(a)), by striking ‘‘section 319F(h)(4)’’ and inserting ‘‘section 319F(e)(4)’’. (b) PUBLIC HEALTH SECURITY GRANTS .—Sec tion 319C–1(b)(2) (42 U.S.C. 247d–3a(b)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘individuals,,’’ and inserting ‘‘individuals,’’; and (2) in subparagraph (F), by striking ‘‘make satisfactory annual improvement and describe’’ and inserting ‘‘makes satisfactory annual improvement and describes’’. (c) EMERGENCY USEINSTRUCTIONS .—Sub paragraph (A) of section 564A(e)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–3a(e)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(C)(i)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (a)(1)(C)’’. (d) PRODUCTS HELD FOR EMERGENCY USE.— Section 564B(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360bbb–3b) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (B), by inserting a comma after ‘‘505’’; and (2) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘or section 564A’’ before the period at the end. (e) TRANSPARENCY .—Section 507(c)(3) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 357(c)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Nothing in’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Nothing in’’; (2) by inserting ‘‘or directing’’ after ‘‘authorizing’’; (3) by striking ‘‘disclose any’’ and inserting ‘‘disclose— ‘‘(i) any’’; (4) by striking the period and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ii) in the case of a drug development tool that may be used to support the development of a qualified countermeasure, security countermeasure, or qualified pandemic or epidemic product, as defined in sections 319F–1, 319F–2, and 319F–3, respectively, of the Public Health Service Act, any information that the Secretary determines has a significant potential to affect national security. ‘‘(B) PUBLIC ACKNOWLEDGMENT .—In the case that the Secretary, pursuant to subparagraph (A)(ii), does not make information publicly available, the Secretary shall provide on the internet website of the Food and Drug Administration an acknowledgment of the information that has not been disclosed, pursuant to subparagraph (A)(ii).’’. DIVISION B—OVERTHECOUNTER MONOGRAPH SAFETY, INNOVATION, AND REFORM 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This division may be cited as the ‘‘OvertheCounter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act of 2018’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Except as otherwise specified, any reference to ‘‘this Act’’ contained in this division shall be treated as referring only to the provisions of this division. TITLE I—OTC DRUG REVIEW 
SEC. 1001. REGULATION OF CERTAIN NONPRESCRIPTION DRUGS THAT ARE MARKETED WITHOUT AN APPROVED DRUG APPLICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by inserting after section 505F of such Act (21 U.S.C. 355g) the following: 
‘‘SEC. 505G. REGULATION OF CERTAIN NONPRESCRIPTION DRUGS THAT ARE MARKETED WITHOUT AN APPROVED DRUG APPLICATION. 
‘‘(a) N ONPRESCRIPTION DRUGS MARKETED  WITHOUT AN APPROVED APPLICATION .—Non prescription drugs marketed without an approved drug application under section 505, as of the date of the enactment of this section, shall be treated in accordance with this subsection. ‘‘(1) DRUGS SUBJECT TO A FINAL MONOGRAPH ; 
FINAL MONOGRAPH .—A drug is deemed to be generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1), not a new drug under section 201(p), and not subject to section 503(b)(1), if— 
‘‘(A) the drug is— ‘‘(i) in conformity with the requirements for nonprescription use of a final monograph issued under part 330 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (except as provided in paragraph (2)), the general requirements for nonprescription drugs, and conditions or requirements under subsections (b), (c), and (k); and ‘‘(ii) except as permitted by an order issued under subsection (b) or, in the case of a minor change in the drug, in conformity with an order issued under subsection (c), in a dosage form that, immediately prior to the date of the enactment of this section, has been used to a material extent and for a material time under section 201(p)(2); or ‘‘(B) the drug is— ‘‘(i) classified in category I for safety and effectiveness under a tentative final monograph that is the most recently applicable proposal or determination issued under part 330 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations; ‘‘(ii) in conformity with the proposed requirements for nonprescription use of such tentative final monograph, any applicable subsequent determination by the Secretary, the general requirements for nonprescription drugs, and conditions or requirements under subsections (b), (c), and (k); and ‘‘(iii) except as permitted by an order issued under subsection (b) or, in the case of a minor change in the drug, in conformity with an order issued under subsection (c), in a dosage form that, immediately prior to the date of the enactment of this section, has been used to a material extent and for a material time under section 201(p)(2). ‘‘(2) TREATMENT OF SUNSCREEN DRUGS .— With respect to sunscreen drugs subject to this section, the applicable requirements in terms of conformity with a final monograph, for purposes of paragraph (1)(A)(i), shall be the requirements specified in part 352 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, as published on May 21, 1999, beginning on page 27687 of volume 64 of the Federal Register, except that the applicable requirements governing effectiveness and labeling shall be those specified in section 201.327 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(3) CATEGORY III DRUGS SUBJECT TO A TEN TATIVE FINAL MONOGRAPH ; CATEGORY I DRUGS  
SUBJECT TO PROPOSED MONOGRAPH OR AD VANCE NOTICE OF PROPOSED RULEMAKING .—A drug that is not described in paragraph (1), (2), or (4) is not required to be the subject of an application approved under section 505, and is not subject to section 503(b)(1), if— ‘‘(A) the drug is— ‘‘(i) classified in category III for safety or effectiveness in the preamble of a proposed rule establishing a tentative final monograph that is the most recently applicable proposal or determination for such drug issued under part 330 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations; ‘‘(ii) in conformity with— ‘‘(I) the conditions of use, including indication and dosage strength, if any, described for such category III drug in such preamble or in an applicable subsequent proposed rule; ‘‘(II) the proposed requirements for drugs classified in such tentative final monograph in category I in the most recently proposed rule establishing requirements related to such tentative final monograph and in any final rule establishing requirements that are applicable to the drug; and ‘‘(III) the general requirements for nonprescription drugs and conditions or requirements under subsection (b) or (k); and ‘‘(iii) in a dosage form that, immediately prior to the date of the enactment of this section, had been used to a material extent and for a material time under section 201(p)(2); or ‘‘(B) the drug is— ‘‘(i) classified in category I for safety and effectiveness under a proposed monograph or advance notice of proposed rulemaking that is the most recently applicable proposal or determination for such drug issued under part 330 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations; ‘‘(ii) in conformity with the requirements for nonprescription use of such proposed monograph or advance notice of proposed rulemaking, any applicable subsequent determination by the Secretary, the general requirements for nonprescription drugs, and conditions or requirements under subsection (b) or (k); and ‘‘(iii) in a dosage form that, immediately prior to the date of the enactment of this section, has been used to a material extent and for a material time under section 201(p)(2). ‘‘(4) CATEGORY II DRUGS DEEMED NEW  
DRUGS .—A drug that is classified in category II for safety or effectiveness under a tentative final monograph or that is subject to a determination to be not generally recognized as safe and effective in a proposed rule that is the most recently applicable proposal issued under part 330 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, shall be deemed to be a new drug under section 201(p), misbranded under section 502(ee), and subject to the requirement for an approved new drug application under section 505 beginning on the day that is 180 calendar days after the date of the enactment of this section, unless, before such day, the Secretary determines that it is in the interest of public health to extend the period during which the drug may be marketed without such an approved new drug application. ‘‘(5) DRUGS NOT GRASE DEEMED NEW  
DRUGS .—A drug that the Secretary has determined not to be generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1) under a final determination issued under part 330 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, shall be deemed to be a new drug under section 201(p), misbranded under section 502(ee), and subject to the requirement for an approved new drug application under section 505. ‘‘(6) OTHER DRUGS DEEMED NEW DRUGS .—Ex cept as provided in subsection (m), a drug is deemed to be a new drug under section 201(p) and misbranded under section 502(ee) if the drug— ‘‘(A) is not subject to section 503(b)(1); and ‘‘(B) is not described in paragraph (1), (2), (3), (4), or (5), or subsection (b)(1)(B). ‘‘(b) ADMINISTRATIVE ORDERS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(A) DETERMINATION .—The Secretary may, on the initiative of the Secretary or at the request of one or more requestors, issue an administrative order determining whether there are conditions under which a specific drug, a class of drugs, or a combination of drugs, is determined to be— ‘‘(i) not subject to section 503(b)(1); and ‘‘(ii) generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1). ‘‘(B) EFFECT .—A drug or combination of drugs shall be deemed to not require approval under section 505 if such drug or combination of drugs— ‘‘(i) is determined by the Secretary to meet the conditions specified in clauses (i) and (ii) of subparagraph (A); ‘‘(ii) is marketed in conformity with an administrative order under this subsection; ‘‘(iii) meets the general requirements for nonprescription drugs; and ‘‘(iv) meets the requirements under subsections (c) and (k). ‘‘(C) STANDARD .—The Secretary shall find that a drug is not generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1) if— ‘‘(i) the evidence shows that the drug is not generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1); or ‘‘(ii) the evidence is inadequate to show that the drug is generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1). ‘‘(2) ADMINISTRATIVE ORDERS INITIATED BY  
THE SECRETARY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In issuing an administrative order under paragraph (1) upon the Secretary’s initiative, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) make reasonable efforts to notify informally, not later than 2 business days before the issuance of the proposed order, the sponsors of drugs who have a listing in effect under section 510(j) for the drugs or combination of drugs that will be subject to the administrative order; ‘‘(ii) after any such reasonable efforts of notification— ‘‘(I) issue a proposed administrative order by publishing it on the website of the Food and Drug Administration and include in such order the reasons for the issuance of such order; and ‘‘(II) publish a notice of availability of such proposed order in the Federal Register; ‘‘(iii) except as provided in subparagraph (B), provide for a public comment period with respect to such proposed order of not less than 45 calendar days; and ‘‘(iv) if, after completion of the proceedings specified in clauses (i) through (iii), the Secretary determines that it is appropriate to issue a final administrative order— ‘‘(I) issue the final administrative order, together with a detailed statement of reasons, which order shall not take effect until the time for requesting judicial review under paragraph (3)(D)(ii) has expired; ‘‘(II) publish a notice of such final administrative order in the Federal Register; ‘‘(III) afford requestors of drugs that will be subject to such order the opportunity for formal dispute resolution up to the level of the Director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, which initially must be requested within 45 calendar days of the issuance of the order, and, for subsequent levels of appeal, within 30 calendar days of the prior decision; and ‘‘(IV) except with respect to drugs described in paragraph (3)(B), upon completion of the formal dispute resolution procedure, inform the persons which sought such dispute resolution of their right to request a hearing. ‘‘(B) EXCEPTIONS .—When issuing an administrative order under paragraph (1) on the Secretary’s initiative proposing to determine that a drug described in subsection (a)(3) is not generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1), the Secretary shall follow the procedures in subparagraph (A), except that— ‘‘(i) the proposed order shall include notice of— ‘‘(I) the general categories of data the Secretary has determined necessary to establish that the drug is generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1); and ‘‘(II) the format for submissions by interested persons; ‘‘(ii) the Secretary shall provide for a public comment period of no less than 180 calendar days with respect to such proposed order, except when the Secretary determines, for good cause, that a shorter period is in the interest of public health; and ‘‘(iii) any person who submits data in such comment period shall include a certification that the person has submitted all evidence created, obtained, or received by that person that is both within the categories of data identified in the proposed order and relevant to a determination as to whether the drug is generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1). 
‘‘(3) H EARINGS ; JUDICIAL REVIEW .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Only a person who participated in each stage of formal dispute resolution under subclause (III) of paragraph (2)(A)(iv) of an administrative order with respect to a drug may request a hearing concerning a final administrative order issued under such paragraph with respect to such drug. If a hearing is sought, such person must submit a request for a hearing, which shall be based solely on information in the administrative record, to the Secretary not later than 30 calendar days after receiving notice of the final decision of the formal dispute resolution procedure. ‘‘(B) NO HEARING REQUIRED WITH RESPECT TO  
ORDERS RELATING TO CERTAIN DRUGS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall not be required to provide notice and an opportunity for a hearing pursuant to paragraph (2)(A)(iv) if the final administrative order involved relates to a drug— ‘‘(I) that is described in subsection (a)(3)(A); and ‘‘(II) with respect to which no human or nonhuman data studies relevant to the safety or effectiveness of such drug have been submitted to the administrative record since the issuance of the most recent tentative final monograph relating to such drug. ‘‘(ii) HUMAN DATA STUDIES AND NON HUMAN  
DATA DEFINED .—In this subparagraph: ‘‘(I) The term ‘human data studies’ means clinical trials of safety or effectiveness (including actual use studies), pharmacokinetics studies, or bioavailability studies. ‘‘(II) The term ‘nonhuman data’ means data from testing other than with human subjects which provides information concerning safety or effectiveness. ‘‘(C) HEARING PROCEDURES .— ‘‘(i) DENIAL OF REQUEST FOR HEARING .—If the Secretary determines that information submitted in a request for a hearing under subparagraph (A) with respect to a final administrative order issued under paragraph (2)(A)(iv), does not identify the existence of a genuine and substantial question of material fact, the Secretary may deny such request. In making such a determination, the Secretary may consider only information and data that are based on relevant and reliable scientific principles and methodologies. ‘‘(ii) SINGLE HEARING FOR MULTIPLE RE LATED REQUESTS .—If more than one request for a hearing is submitted with respect to the same administrative order under subparagraph (A), the Secretary may direct that a single hearing be conducted in which all persons whose hearing requests were granted may participate. ‘‘(iii) PRESIDING OFFICER .—The presiding officer of a hearing requested under subparagraph (A) shall— ‘‘(I) be designated by the Secretary; ‘‘(II) not be an employee of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research; and ‘‘(III) not have been previously involved in the development of the administrative order involved or proceedings relating to that administrative order. ‘‘(iv) RIGHTS OF PARTIES TO HEARING .—The parties to a hearing requested under subparagraph (A) shall have the right to present testimony, including testimony of expert witnesses, and to crossexamine witnesses presented by other parties. Where appropriate, the presiding officer may require that crossexamination by parties representing substantially the same interests be consolidated to promote efficiency and avoid duplication. ‘‘(v) FINAL DECISION .— ‘‘(I) At the conclusion of a hearing requested under subparagraph (A), the presiding officer of the hearing shall issue a decision containing findings of fact and conclusions of law. The decision of the presiding officer shall be final. ‘‘(II) The final decision may not take effect until the period under subparagraph (D)(ii) for submitting a request for judicial review of such decision expires. ‘‘(D) JUDICIAL REVIEW OF FINAL ADMINISTRA TIVE ORDER .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The procedures described in section 505(h) shall apply with respect to judicial review of final administrative orders issued under this subsection in the same manner and to the same extent as such section applies to an order described in such section except that the judicial review shall be taken by filing in an appropriate district court of the United States in lieu of the appellate courts specified in such section. ‘‘(ii) PERIOD TO SUBMIT A REQUEST FOR JUDI CIAL REVIEW .—A person eligible to request a hearing under this paragraph and seeking judicial review of a final administrative order issued under this subsection shall file such request for judicial review not later than 60 calendar days after the latest of— ‘‘(I) the date on which notice of such order is published; ‘‘(II) the date on which a hearing with respect to such order is denied under subparagraph (B) or (C)(i); ‘‘(III) the date on which a final decision is made following a hearing under subparagraph (C)(v); or ‘‘(IV) if no hearing is requested, the date on which the time for requesting a hearing expires. ‘‘(4) EXPEDITED PROCEDURE WITH RESPECT  
HEALTH .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a determination by the Secretary that a drug, class of drugs, or combination of drugs subject to this section poses an imminent hazard to the public health, the Secretary, after first making reasonable efforts to notify, not later than 48 hours before issuance of such order under this subparagraph, sponsors who have a listing in effect under section 510(j) for such drug or combination of drugs— ‘‘(I) may issue an interim final administrative order for such drug, class of drugs, or combination of drugs under paragraph (1), together with a detailed statement of the reasons for such order; ‘‘(II) shall publish in the Federal Register a notice of availability of any such order; and ‘‘(III) shall provide for a public comment period of at least 45 calendar days with respect to such interim final order. ‘‘(ii) NONDELEGATION .—The Secretary may not delegate the authority to issue an interim final administrative order under this subparagraph. ‘‘(B) SAFETY LABELING CHANGES .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a determination by the Secretary that a change in the labeling of a drug, class of drugs, or combination of drugs subject to this section is reasonably expected to mitigate a significant or unreasonable risk of a serious adverse event associated with use of the drug, the Secretary may— ‘‘(I) make reasonable efforts to notify informally, not later than 48 hours before the issuance of the interim final order, the sponsors of drugs who have a listing in effect under section 510(j) for such drug or combination of drugs; ‘‘(II) after reasonable efforts of notification, issue an interim final administrative order in accordance with paragraph (1) to require such change, together with a detailed statement of the reasons for such order; ‘‘(III) publish in the Federal Register a notice of availability of such order; and ‘‘(IV) provide for a public comment period of at least 45 calendar days with respect to such interim final order. ‘‘(ii) CONTENT OF ORDER .—An interim final order issued under this subparagraph with respect to the labeling of a drug may provide for new warnings and other information required for safe use of the drug. ‘‘(C) EFFECTIVE DATE .—An order under subparagraph (A) or (B) shall take effect on a date specified by the Secretary. ‘‘(D) FINAL ORDER .—After the completion of the proceedings in subparagraph (A) or (B), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) issue a final order in accordance with paragraph (1); ‘‘(ii) publish a notice of availability of such final administrative order in the Federal Register; and ‘‘(iii) afford sponsors of such drugs that will be subject to such an order the opportunity for formal dispute resolution up to the level of the Director of the Center for Drug Evaluation and Research, which must initially be within 45 calendar days of the issuance of the order, and for subsequent levels of appeal, within 30 calendar days of the prior decision. ‘‘(E) HEARINGS .—A sponsor of a drug subject to a final order issued under subparagraph (D) and that participated in each stage of formal dispute resolution under clause (iii) of such subparagraph may request a hearing on such order. The provisions of subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of paragraph (3), other than paragraph (3)(C)(v)(II), shall apply with respect to a hearing on such order in the same manner and to the same extent as such provisions apply with respect to a hearing on an administrative order issued under paragraph (2)(A)(iv). ‘‘(F) TIMING .— ‘‘(i) FINAL ORDER AND HEARING .—The Sec retary shall— ‘‘(I) not later than 6 months after the date on which the comment period closes under subparagraph (A) or (B), issue a final order in accordance with paragraph (1); and ‘‘(II) not later than 12 months after the date on which such final order is issued, complete any hearing under subparagraph (E). ‘‘(ii) DISPUTE RESOLUTION REQUEST .—The Secretary shall specify in an interim final order issued under subparagraph (A) or (B) such shorter periods for requesting dispute resolution under subparagraph (D)(iii) as are necessary to meet the requirements of this subparagraph. ‘‘(G) JUDICIAL REVIEW .—A final order issued pursuant to subparagraph (F) shall be subject to judicial review in accordance with paragraph (3)(D). ‘‘(5) ADMINISTRATIVE ORDER INITIATED AT  
THE REQUEST OF A REQUESTOR .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In issuing an administrative order under paragraph (1) at the request of a requestor with respect to certain drugs, classes of drugs, or combinations of drugs— ‘‘(i) the Secretary shall, after receiving a request under this subparagraph, determine whether the request is sufficiently complete and formatted to permit a substantive review; ‘‘(ii) if the Secretary determines that the request is sufficiently complete and formatted to permit a substantive review, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(I) file the request; and ‘‘(II) initiate proceedings with respect to issuing an administrative order in accordance with paragraphs (2) and (3); and ‘‘(iii) except as provided in paragraph (6), if the Secretary determines that a request does not meet the requirements for filing or is not sufficiently complete and formatted to permit a substantive review, the requestor may 
demand that the request be filed over protest, and the Secretary shall initiate proceedings to review the request in accordance with paragraph (2)(A). ‘‘(B) REQUEST TO INITIATE PROCEEDINGS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—A requestor seeking an administrative order under paragraph (1) with respect to certain drugs, classes of drugs, or combinations of drugs, shall submit to the Secretary a request to initiate proceedings for such order in the form and manner as specified by the Secretary. Such requestor may submit a request under this subparagraph for the issuance of an administrative order— ‘‘(I) determining whether a drug is generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1), exempt from section 503(b)(1), and not required to be the subject of an approved application under section 505; or ‘‘(II) determining whether a change to a condition of use of a drug is generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1), exempt from section 503(b)(1), and not required to be the subject of an approved application under section 505, if, absent such a changed condition of use, such drug is— ‘‘(aa) generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1) in accordance with subsection (a)(1), (a)(2), or an order under this subsection; or ‘‘(bb) subject to subsection (a)(3), but only if such requestor initiates such request in conjunction with a request for the Secretary to determine whether such drug is generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1), which is filed by the Secretary under subparagraph (A)(ii). ‘‘(ii) EXCEPTION .—The Secretary is not required to complete review of a request for a change described in clause (i)(II) if the Secretary determines that there is an inadequate basis to find the drug is generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1) under paragraph (1) and issues a final order announcing that determination. ‘‘(iii) WITHDRAWAL .—The requestor may withdraw a request under this paragraph, according to the procedures set forth pursuant to subsection (d)(2)(B). Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, if such request is withdrawn, the Secretary may cease proceedings under this subparagraph. ‘‘(C) EXCLUSIVITY .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—A final administrative order issued in response to a request under this section shall have the effect of authorizing solely the order requestor (or the licensees, assignees, or successors in interest of such requestor with respect to the subject of such order), for a period of 18 months following the effective date of such final order and beginning on the date the requestor may lawfully market such drugs pursuant to the order, to market drugs— ‘‘(I) incorporating changes described in clause (ii); and ‘‘(II) subject to the limitations under clause (iv). ‘‘(ii) CHANGES DESCRIBED .—A change described in this clause is a change subject to an order specified in clause (i), which— ‘‘(I) provides for a drug to contain an active ingredient (including any ester or salt of the active ingredient) not previously incorporated in a drug described in clause (iii); or ‘‘(II) provides for a change in the conditions of use of a drug, for which new human data studies conducted or sponsored by the requestor (or for which the requestor has an exclusive right of reference) were essential to the issuance of such order. ‘‘(iii) DRUGS DESCRIBED .—The drugs described in this clause are drugs— ‘‘(I) specified in subsection (a)(1), (a)(2), or (a)(3); ‘‘(II) subject to a final order issued under this section; ‘‘(III) subject to a final sunscreen order (as defined in section 586(2)(A)); or ‘‘(IV) described in subsection (m)(1), other than drugs subject to an active enforcement action under chapter III of this Act. ‘‘(iv) LIMITATIONS ON EXCLUSIVITY .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—Only one 18month period under this subparagraph shall be granted, under each order described in clause (i), with respect to changes (to the drug subject to such order) which are either— ‘‘(aa) changes described in clause (ii)(I), relating to active ingredients; or ‘‘(bb) changes described in clause (ii)(II), relating to conditions of use. ‘‘(II) NO EXCLUSIVITY ALLOWED .—No exclu sivity shall apply to changes to a drug which are— ‘‘(aa) the subject of a Tier 2 OTC monograph order request (as defined in section 744L); ‘‘(bb) safetyrelated changes, as defined by the Secretary, or any other changes the Secretary considers necessary to assure safe use; or ‘‘(cc) changes related to methods of testing safety or efficacy. ‘‘(v) NEW HUMAN DATA STUDIES DEFINED .—In this subparagraph, the term ‘new human data studies’ means clinical trials of safety or effectiveness (including actual use studies), pharmacokinetics studies, or bioavailability studies, the results of which— ‘‘(I) have not been relied on by the Secretary to support— ‘‘(aa) a proposed or final determination that a drug described in subclause (I), (II), or (III) of clause (iii) is generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1); or ‘‘(bb) approval of a drug that was approved under section 505; and ‘‘(II) do not duplicate the results of another study that was relied on by the Secretary to support— ‘‘(aa) a proposed or final determination that a drug described in subclause (I), (II), or (III) of clause (iii) is generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1); or ‘‘(bb) approval of a drug that was approved under section 505. ‘‘(6) INFORMATION REGARDING SAFE NON PRESCRIPTION MARKETING AND USE AS CONDI TION FOR FILING A GENERALLY RECOGNIZED AS  
SAFE AND EFFECTIVE REQUEST .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In response to a request under this section that a drug described in subparagraph (B) be generally recognized as safe and effective, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) may file such request, if the request includes information specified under subparagraph (C) with respect to safe nonprescription marketing and use of such drug; or ‘‘(ii) if the request fails to include information specified under subparagraph (C), shall refuse to file such request and require that nonprescription marketing of the drug be pursuant to a new drug application as described in subparagraph (D). ‘‘(B) DRUG DESCRIBED .—A drug described in this subparagraph is a nonprescription drug which contains an active ingredient not previously incorporated in a drug— ‘‘(i) specified in subsection (a)(1), (a)(2), or (a)(3); ‘‘(ii) subject to a final order under this section; or ‘‘(iii) subject to a final sunscreen order (as defined in section 586(2)(A)). ‘‘(C) INFORMATION DEMONSTRATING PRIMA  
USE.—Information specified in this subparagraph, with respect to a request described in subparagraph (A)(i), is— ‘‘(i) information sufficient for a prima facie demonstration that the drug subject to such request has a verifiable history of being marketed and safely used by consumers in the United States as a nonprescription drug under comparable conditions of use; ‘‘(ii) if the drug has not been previously marketed in the United States as a nonprescription drug, information sufficient for a prima facie demonstration that the drug was marketed and safely used under comparable conditions of marketing and use in a country listed in section 802(b)(1)(A) or designated by the Secretary in accordance with section 802(b)(1)(B)— ‘‘(I) for such period as needed to provide reasonable assurances concerning the safe nonprescription use of the drug; and ‘‘(II) during such time was subject to sufficient monitoring by a regulatory body considered acceptable by the Secretary for such monitoring purposes, including for adverse events associated with nonprescription use of the drug; or ‘‘(iii) if the Secretary determines that information described in clause (i) or (ii) is not needed to provide a prima facie demonstration that the drug can be safely marketed and used as a nonprescription drug, such other information the Secretary determines is sufficient for such purposes. ‘‘(D) MARKETING PURSUANT TO NEW DRUG  
APPLICATION .—In the case of a request described in subparagraph (A)(ii), the drug subject to such request may be resubmitted for filing only if— ‘‘(i) the drug is marketed as a nonprescription drug, under conditions of use comparable to the conditions specified in the request, for such period as the Secretary determines appropriate (not to exceed 5 consecutive years) pursuant to an application approved under section 505; and ‘‘(ii) during such period, 1,000,000 retail packages of the drug, or an equivalent quantity as determined by the Secretary, were distributed for retail sale, as determined in such manner as the Secretary finds appropriate. ‘‘(E) RULE OF APPLICATION .—Except in the case of a request involving a drug described in section 586(9), as in effect on January 1, 2017, if the Secretary refuses to file a request under this paragraph, the requestor may not file such request over protest under paragraph (5)(A)(iii). ‘‘(7) PACKAGING .—An administrative order issued under paragraph (2), (4)(A), or (5) may include requirements for the packaging of a drug to encourage use in accordance with labeling. Such requirements may include unit dose packaging, requirements for products intended for use by pediatric populations, requirements to reduce risk of harm from unsupervised ingestion, and other appropriate requirements. This paragraph does not authorize the Food and Drug Administration to require standards or testing procedures as described in part 1700 of title 16, Code of Federal Regulations. ‘‘(8) FINAL AND TENTATIVE FINAL MONO GRAPHS FOR CATEGORY I DRUGS DEEMED FINAL  
ADMINISTRATIVE ORDERS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A final monograph or tentative final monograph described in subparagraph (B) shall be deemed to be a final administrative order under this subsection and may be amended, revoked, or otherwise modified in accordance with the procedures of this subsection. ‘‘(B) MONOGRAPHS DESCRIBED .—For pur poses of subparagraph (A), a final monograph or tentative final monograph is described in this subparagraph if it— ‘‘(i) establishes conditions of use for a drug described in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a); and ‘‘(ii) represents the most recently promulgated version of such conditions, including 
as modified, in whole or in part, by any proposed or final rule. ‘‘(C) DEEMED ORDERS INCLUDE HARMONIZING  
TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS .—The deemed establishment of a final administrative order under subparagraph (A) shall be construed to include any technical amendments to such order as the Secretary determines necessary to ensure that such order is appropriately harmonized, in terms of terminology or crossreferences, with the applicable provisions of this Act (and regulations thereunder) and any other orders issued under this section. ‘‘(c) PROCEDURE FOR MINOR CHANGES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Minor changes in the dosage form of a drug that is described in paragraph (1) or (2) of subsection (a) or the subject of an order issued under subsection (b) may be made by a requestor without the issuance of an order under subsection (b) if— ‘‘(A) the requestor maintains such information as is necessary to demonstrate that the change— ‘‘(i) will not affect the safety or effectiveness of the drug; and ‘‘(ii) will not materially affect the extent of absorption or other exposure to the active ingredient in comparison to a suitable reference product; and ‘‘(B) the change is in conformity with the requirements of an applicable administrative order issued by the Secretary under paragraph (3). ‘‘(2) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .— ‘‘(A) ACCESS TO RECORDS .—A sponsor shall submit records requested by the Secretary relating to such a minor change under section 704(a)(4), within 15 business days of receiving such a request, or such longer period as the Secretary may provide. ‘‘(B) INSUFFICIENT INFORMATION .—If the Secretary determines that the information contained in such records is not sufficient to demonstrate that the change does not affect the safety or effectiveness of the drug or materially affect the extent of absorption or other exposure to the active ingredient, the Secretary— ‘‘(i) may so inform the sponsor of the drug in writing; and ‘‘(ii) if the Secretary so informs the sponsor, shall provide the sponsor of the drug with a reasonable opportunity to provide additional information. ‘‘(C) FAILURE TO SUBMIT SUFFICIENT INFOR MATION .—If the sponsor fails to provide such additional information within a time prescribed by the Secretary, or if the Secretary determines that such additional information does not demonstrate that the change does not— ‘‘(i) affect the safety or effectiveness of the drug; or ‘‘(ii) materially affect the extent of absorption or other exposure to the active ingredient in comparison to a suitable reference product, the drug as modified is a new drug under section 201(p) and shall be deemed to be misbranded under section 502(ee). ‘‘(3) DETERMINING WHETHER A CHANGE WILL  
AFFECT SAFETY OR EFFECTIVENESS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall issue one or more administrative orders specifying requirements for determining whether a minor change made by a sponsor pursuant to this subsection will affect the safety or effectiveness of a drug or materially affect the extent of absorption or other exposure to an active ingredient in the drug in comparison to a suitable reference product, together with guidance for applying those orders to specific dosage forms. ‘‘(B) STANDARD PRACTICES .—The orders and guidance issued by the Secretary under subparagraph (A) shall take into account relevant public standards and standard practices for evaluating the quality of drugs, and may take into account the special needs of populations, including children. ‘‘(d) CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION SUBMITTED TO THE SECRETARY .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), any information, including reports of testing conducted on the drug or drugs involved, that is submitted by a requestor in connection with proceedings on an order under this section (including any minor change under subsection (c)) and is a trade secret or confidential information subject to section 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code, or section 1905 of title 18, United States Code, shall not be disclosed to the public unless the requestor consents to that disclosure. ‘‘(2) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in subparagraph (B), the Secretary shall— ‘‘(i) make any information submitted by a requestor in support of a request under subsection (b)(5)(A) available to the public not later than the date on which the proposed order is issued; and ‘‘(ii) make any information submitted by any other person with respect to an order requested (or initiated by the Secretary) under subsection (b), available to the public upon such submission. ‘‘(B) LIMITATIONS ON PUBLIC AVAIL ABILITY .—Information described in subparagraph (A) shall not be made public if— ‘‘(i) the information pertains to pharmaceutical quality information, unless such information is necessary to establish standards under which a drug is generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1); ‘‘(ii) the information is submitted in a requestorinitiated request, but the requestor withdraws such request, in accordance with withdrawal procedures established by the Secretary, before the Secretary issues the proposed order; ‘‘(iii) the Secretary requests and obtains the information under subsection (c) and such information is not submitted in relation to an order under subsection (b); or ‘‘(iv) the information is of the type contained in raw datasets. ‘‘(e) UPDATES TO DRUG LISTING INFORMA TION.—A sponsor who makes a change to a drug subject to this section shall submit updated drug listing information for the drug in accordance with section 510(j) within 30 calendar days of the date when the drug is first commercially marketed, except that a sponsor who was the order requestor with respect to an order subject to subsection (b)(5)(C) (or a licensee, assignee, or successor in interest of such requestor) shall submit updated drug listing information on or before the date when the drug is first commercially marketed. ‘‘(f) APPROVALS UNDER SECTION 505.—The provisions of this section shall not be construed to preclude a person from seeking or maintaining the approval of an application for a drug under sections 505(b)(1), 505(b)(2), and 505(j). A determination under this section that a drug is not subject to section 503(b)(1), is generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1), and is not a new drug under section 201(p) shall constitute a finding that the drug is safe and effective that may be relied upon for purposes of an application under section 505(b)(2), so that the applicant shall be required to submit for purposes of such application only information needed to support any modification of the drug that is not covered by such determination under this section. ‘‘(g) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY OF ADMINISTRA TIVE ORDERS .—The Secretary shall establish, maintain, update (as determined necessary by the Secretary but no less frequently than annually), and make publicly available, with respect to orders issued under this section— ‘‘(1) a repository of each final order and interim final order in effect, including the complete text of the order; and ‘‘(2) a listing of all orders proposed and under development under subsection (b)(2), including— ‘‘(A) a brief description of each such order; and ‘‘(B) the Secretary’s expectations, if resources permit, for issuance of proposed orders over a 3year period. ‘‘(h) DEVELOPMENT ADVICE TO SPONSORS OR  REQUESTORS .—The Secretary shall establish procedures under which sponsors or requestors may meet with appropriate officials of the Food and Drug Administration to obtain advice on the studies and other information necessary to support submissions under this section and other matters relevant to the regulation of nonprescription drugs and the development of new nonprescription drugs under this section. ‘‘(i) PARTICIPATION OF MULTIPLE SPONSORS  
ORREQUESTORS .—The Secretary shall establish procedures to facilitate efficient participation by multiple sponsors or requestors in proceedings under this section, including provision for joint meetings with multiple sponsors or requestors or with organizations nominated by sponsors or requestors to represent their interests in a proceeding. ‘‘(j) ELECTRONIC FORMAT .—All submissions under this section shall be in electronic format. ‘‘(k) EFFECT ON EXISTING REGULATIONS  GOVERNING NONPRESCRIPTION DRUGS .— ‘‘(1) REGULATIONS OF GENERAL APPLICA BILITY TO NONPRESCRIPTION DRUGS .—Except as provided in this subsection, nothing in this section supersedes regulations establishing general requirements for nonprescription drugs, including regulations of general applicability contained in parts 201, 250, and 330 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, or any successor regulations. The Secretary shall establish or modify such regulations by means of rulemaking in accordance with section 553 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(2) REGULATIONS ESTABLISHING REQUIRE MENTS FOR SPECIFIC NONPRESCRIPTION  
DRUGS .— ‘‘(A) The provisions of section 310.545 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this section, shall be deemed to be a final order under subsection (b). ‘‘(B) Regulations in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this section, establishing requirements for specific nonprescription drugs marketed pursuant to this section (including such requirements in parts 201 and 250 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations), shall be deemed to be final orders under subsection (b), only as they apply to drugs— ‘‘(i) subject to paragraph (1), (2), (3), or (4) of subsection (a); or ‘‘(ii) otherwise subject to an order under this section. ‘‘(3) WITHDRAWAL OF REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall withdraw regulations establishing final monographs and the procedures governing the overthecounter drug review under part 330 and other relevant parts of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this section), or make technical changes to such regulations to ensure conformity with appropriate terminology and cross references. Notwithstanding subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code, any such withdrawal or technical changes shall be made without public notice and comment and shall be effective upon publication through notice in the Federal Register (or upon such date as specified in such notice). 
‘‘(l) G UIDANCE .—The Secretary shall issue guidance that specifies— ‘‘(1) the procedures and principles for formal meetings between the Secretary and sponsors or requestors for drugs subject to this section; ‘‘(2) the format and content of data submissions to the Secretary under this section; ‘‘(3) the format of electronic submissions to the Secretary under this section; ‘‘(4) consolidated proceedings for appeal and the procedures for such proceedings where appropriate; and ‘‘(5) for minor changes in drugs, recommendations on how to comply with the requirements in orders issued under subsection (c)(3). ‘‘(m) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—This section shall not affect the treatment or status of a nonprescription drug— ‘‘(A) that is marketed without an application approved under section 505 as of the date of the enactment of this section; ‘‘(B) that is not subject to an order issued under this section; and ‘‘(C) to which paragraphs (1), (2), (3), (4), or (5) of subsection (a) do not apply. ‘‘(2) TREATMENT OF PRODUCTS PREVIOUSLY  
FOUND TO BE SUBJECT TO TIME AND EXTENT RE QUIREMENTS .— ‘‘(A) Notwithstanding subsection (a), a drug described in subparagraph (B) may only be lawfully marketed, without an application approved under section 505, pursuant to an order issued under this section. ‘‘(B) A drug described in this subparagraph is a drug which, prior to the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary determined in a proposed or final rule to be ineligible for review under the OTC drug review (as such phrase ‘OTC drug review’ was used in section 330.14 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, as in effect on the day before the date of the enactment of this section). ‘‘(3) PRESERVATION OF AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) Nothing in paragraph (1) shall be construed to preclude or limit the applicability of any provision of this Act other than this section. ‘‘(B) Nothing in subsection (a) shall be construed to prohibit the Secretary from issuing an order under this section finding a drug to be not generally recognized as safe and effective under section 201(p)(1), as the Secretary determines appropriate. ‘‘(n) INVESTIGATIONAL NEWDRUGS .—A drug is not subject to this section if an exemption for investigational use under section 505(i) is in effect for such drug. ‘‘(o) INAPPLICABILITY OF PAPERWORK REDUCTION ACT.—Chapter 35 of title 44, United States Code, shall not apply to collections of information made under this section. ‘‘(p) INAPPLICABILITY OF NOTICE AND COMMENT RULEMAKING AND OTHER REQUIRE MENTS .—The requirements of subsection (b) shall apply with respect to orders issued under this section instead of the requirements of subchapter II of chapter 5 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(q) DEFINITIONS .—In this section: ‘‘(1) The term ‘nonprescription drug’ refers to a drug not subject to the requirements of section 503(b)(1). ‘‘(2) The term ‘sponsor’ refers to any person marketing, manufacturing, or processing a drug that— ‘‘(A) is listed pursuant to section 510(j); and ‘‘(B) is or will be subject to an administrative order under this section of the Food and Drug Administration. ‘‘(3) The term ‘requestor’ refers to any person or group of persons marketing, manufacturing, processing, or developing a drug.’’. (b) GAO STUDY .—Not later than 4 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Comptroller General of the United States shall submit a study to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate addressing the effectiveness and overall impact of exclusivity under section 505G of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by subsection (a), and section 586C of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff–3), including the impact of such exclusivity on consumer access. Such study shall include— (1) an analysis of the impact of exclusivity under such section 505G for nonprescription drug products, including— (A) the number of nonprescription drug products that were granted exclusivity and the indication for which the nonprescription drug products were determined to be generally recognized as safe and effective; (B) whether the exclusivity for such drug products was granted for— (i) a new active ingredient (including any ester or salt of the active ingredient); or (ii) changes in the conditions of use of a drug, for which new human data studies conducted or sponsored by the requestor were essential; (C) whether, and to what extent, the exclusivity impacted the requestor’s or sponsor’s decision to develop the drug product; (D) an analysis of the implementation of the exclusivity provision in such section 505G, including— (i) the resources used by the Food and Drug Administration; (ii) the impact of such provision on innovation, as well as research and development in the nonprescription drug market; (iii) the impact of such provision on competition in the nonprescription drug market; (iv) the impact of such provision on consumer access to nonprescription drug products; (v) the impact of such provision on the prices of nonprescription drug products; and (vi) whether the administrative orders initiated by requestors under such section 505G have been sufficient to encourage the development of nonprescription drug products that would likely not be otherwise developed, or developed in as timely a manner; and (E) whether the administrative orders initiated by requestors under such section 505G have been sufficient incentive to encourage innovation in the nonprescription drug market; and (2) an analysis of the impact of exclusivity under such section 586C for sunscreen ingredients, including— (A) the number of sunscreen ingredients that were granted exclusivity and the specific ingredient that was determined to be generally recognized as safe and effective; (B) whether, and to what extent, the exclusivity impacted the requestor’s or sponsor’s decision to develop the sunscreen ingredient; (C) whether, and to what extent, the sunscreen ingredient granted exclusivity had previously been available outside of the United States; (D) an analysis of the implementation of the exclusivity provision in such section 586C, including— (i) the resources used by the Food and Drug Administration; (ii) the impact of such provision on innovation, as well as research and development in the sunscreen market; (iii) the impact of such provision on competition in the sunscreen market; (iv) the impact of such provision on consumer access to sunscreen products; (v) the impact of such provision on the prices of sunscreen products; and (vi) whether the administrative orders initiated by requestors under such section 505G have been utilized by sunscreen ingredient sponsors and whether such process has been sufficient to encourage the development of sunscreen ingredients that would likely not be otherwise developed, or developed in as timely a manner; and (E) whether the administrative orders initiated by requestors under such section 586C have been sufficient incentive to encourage innovation in the sunscreen market. (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 751(d)(1) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379r(d)(1)) is amended— (1) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A)— (A) by striking ‘‘final regulation promulgated’’ and inserting ‘‘final order under section 505G’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘and not misbranded’’; and (2) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘regulation in effect’’ and inserting ‘‘regulation or order in effect’’. 
Section 502 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 352) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ee) If it is a nonprescription drug that is subject to section 505G, is not the subject of an application approved under section 505, and does not comply with the requirements under section 505G. ‘‘(ff) If it is a drug and it was manufactured, prepared, propagated, compounded, or processed in a facility for which fees have not been paid as required by section 744M.’’. 
SEC. 1003. DRUGS EXCLUDED FROM THE OVER THECOUNTER DRUG REVIEW. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Nothing in this Act (or the amendments made by this Act) shall apply to any nonprescription drug (as defined in section 505G(q) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 1001 of this Act) which was excluded by the Food and Drug Administration from the OvertheCounter Drug Review in accordance with the paragraph numbered 25 on page 9466 of volume 37 of the Federal Register, published on May 11, 1972. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section shall be construed to preclude or limit the applicability of any other provision of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 301 et seq.). 
(a) R EVIEW OF NONPRESCRIPTION SUNSCREEN  ACTIVE INGREDIENTS .— (1) APPLICABILITY OF SECTION 505G FOR PEND ING SUBMISSIONS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—A sponsor of a nonprescription sunscreen active ingredient or combination of nonprescription sunscreen active ingredients that, as of the date of enactment of this Act, is subject to a proposed sunscreen order under section 586C of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff–3) may elect, by means of giving written notification to the Secretary of Health and Human Services within 180 calendar days of the enactment of this Act, to transition into the review of such ingredient or combination of ingredients pursuant to the process set out in section 505G of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 1001 of this Act. (B) ELECTION EXERCISED .—Upon receipt by the Secretary of Health and Human Services of a timely notification under subparagraph (A)— (i) the proposed sunscreen order involved is deemed to be a request for an order under subsection (b) of section 505G of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 1001 of this Act; and (ii) such order is deemed to have been accepted for filing under subsection (b)(6)(A)(i) of such section 505G. 
(C) E LECTION NOT EXERCISED .—If a notification under subparagraph (A) is not received by the Secretary of Health and Human Services within 180 calendar days of the date of enactment of this Act, the review of the proposed sunscreen order described in subparagraph (A)— (i) shall continue under section 586C of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff–3); and (ii) shall not be eligible for review under section 505G, added by section 1001 of this Act. (2) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection, the terms ‘‘sponsor’’, ‘‘nonprescription’’, ‘‘sunscreen active ingredient’’, and ‘‘proposed sunscreen order’’ have the meanings given to those terms in section 586 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff). (b) AMENDMENTS TO SUNSCREEN PROVISIONS .— (1) FINAL SUNSCREEN ORDERS .—Paragraph (3) of section 586C(e) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff–3(e)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) RELATIONSHIP TO ORDERS UNDER SEC TION 505G .—A final sunscreen order shall be deemed to be a final order under section 505G.’’. (2) MEETINGS .—Paragraph (7) of section 586C(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff–3(b)) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘A sponsor may request’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A sponsor may request’’; and (B) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) CONFIDENTIAL MEETINGS .—A sponsor may request one or more confidential meetings with respect to a proposed sunscreen order, including a letter deemed to be a proposed sunscreen order under paragraph (3), to discuss matters relating to data requirements to support a general recognition of safety and effectiveness involving confidential information and public information related to such proposed sunscreen order, as appropriate. The Secretary shall convene a confidential meeting with such sponsor in a reasonable time period. If a sponsor requests more than one confidential meeting for the same proposed sunscreen order, the Secretary may refuse to grant an additional confidential meeting request if the Secretary determines that such additional confidential meeting is not reasonably necessary for the sponsor to advance its proposed sunscreen order, or if the request for a confidential meeting fails to include sufficient information upon which to base a substantive discussion. The Secretary shall publish a post meeting summary of each confidential meeting under this subparagraph that does not disclose confidential commercial information or trade secrets. This subparagraph does not authorize the disclosure of confidential commercial information or trade secrets subject to 552(b)(4) of title 5, United States Code, or section 1905 of title 18, United States Code.’’. (3) EXCLUSIVITY .—Section 586C of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff–3) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) EXCLUSIVITY .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—A final sunscreen order shall have the effect of authorizing solely the order requestor (or the licensees, assignees, or successors in interest of such requestor with respect to the subject of such request and listed under paragraph (5)) for a period of 18 months, to market a sunscreen ingredient under this section incorporating changes described in paragraph (2) subject to the limitations under paragraph (4), beginning on the date the requestor (or any licensees, assignees, or successors in interest of such requestor with respect to the subject of such request and listed under paragraph (5)) may lawfully market such sunscreen ingredient pursuant to the order. ‘‘(2) CHANGES DESCRIBED .—A change described in this paragraph is a change subject to an order specified in paragraph (1) that permits a sunscreen to contain an active sunscreen ingredient not previously incorporated in a marketed sunscreen listed in paragraph (3). ‘‘(3) MARKETED SUNSCREEN .—The marketed sunscreen ingredients described in this paragraph are sunscreen ingredients— ‘‘(A) marketed in accordance with a final monograph for sunscreen drug products set forth at part 352 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (as published at 64 Fed. Reg. 27687); or ‘‘(B) marketed in accordance with a final order issued under this section. ‘‘(4) LIMITATIONS ON EXCLUSIVITY .—Only one 18month period may be granted per ingredient under paragraph (1). ‘‘(5) LISTING OF LICENSEES , ASSIGNEES , OR 
SUCCESSORS IN INTEREST .—Requestors shall submit to the Secretary at the time when a drug subject to such request is introduced or delivered for introduction into interstate commerce, a list of licensees, assignees, or successors in interest under paragraph (1).’’. (4) SUNSET PROVISION .—Subchapter I of chapter V of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘This subchapter shall cease to be effective at the end of fiscal year 2022.’’. (5) TREATMENT OF FINAL SUNSCREEN  
ORDER .—The Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act is amended by striking section 586E of such Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff–5). (c) TREATMENT OF AUTHORITY REGARDING  FINALIZATION OF SUNSCREEN MONOGRAPH .— (1) IN GENERAL .— (A) REVISION OF FINAL SUNSCREEN ORDER .— Not later than November 26, 2019, the Secretary of Health and Human Services (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall amend and revise the final administrative order concerning nonprescription sunscreen (referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘sunscreen order’’) for which the content, prior to the date of enactment of this Act, was represented by the final monograph for sunscreen drug products set forth in part 352 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect on May 21, 1999). (B) ISSUANCE OF REVISED SUNSCREEN ORDER ; 
EFFECTIVE DATE .—A revised sunscreen order described in subparagraph (A) shall be— (i) issued in accordance with the procedures described in section 505G(c)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act; (ii) issued in proposed form not later than May 28, 2019; (iii) effective not later than November 26, 2020; and (iv) issued by the Secretary at least 1 year prior to the effective date of the revised order. (2) REPORTS .—If a revised sunscreen order issued under paragraph (1) does not include provisions related to the effectiveness of various sun protection factor levels, and does not address all dosage forms known to the Secretary to be used in sunscreens marketed in the United States without a new drug application approved under section 505 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 355), the Secretary shall submit a report to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate on the rationale for omission of such provisions from such order, and a plan and timeline to compile any information necessary to address such provisions through such order. (d) TREATMENT OF NONSUNSCREEN TIME 
ANDEXTENT APPLICATIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Any application described in section 586F of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 360fff–6) that was submitted to the Secretary pursuant to section 330.14 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations, as such provisions were in effect immediately prior to the date of enactment date of this Act, shall be extinguished as of such date of enactment, subject to paragraph (2). (2) ORDER REQUEST .—Nothing in paragraph (1) precludes the submission of an order request under section 505G(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 1001 of this Act, with respect to a drug that was the subject of an application extinguished under paragraph (1). 
SEC. 1005. ANNUAL UPDATE TO CONGRESS ON APPROPRIATE PEDIATRIC INDICATION FOR CERTAIN OTC COUGH AND COLD DRUGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (c), the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall, beginning not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, annually submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a letter describing the progress of the Food and Drug Administration— (1) in evaluating the cough and cold monograph described in subsection (b) with respect to children under age 6; and (2) as appropriate, revising such cough and cold monograph to address such children through the order process under section 505G(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 1001 of this Act. (b) COUGH AND COLD MONOGRAPH DESCRIBED .—The cough and cold monograph described in this subsection consists of the conditions under which nonprescription drugs containing antitussive, expectorant, nasal decongestant, or antihistamine active ingredients (or combinations thereof) are generally recognized as safe and effective, as specified in part 341 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (as in effect immediately prior to the date of enactment of this Act), and included in an order deemed to be established under section 505G(b) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, as added by section 1001 of this Act. (c) DURATION OF AUTHORITY .—The requirement under subsection (a) shall terminate as of the date of a letter submitted by the Secretary of Health and Human Services pursuant to such subsection in which the Secretary indicates that the Food and Drug Administration has completed its evaluation and revised, in a final order, as applicable, the cough and cold monograph as described in subsection (a)(2). 
(a) I MPORTS AND EXPORTS .—Section 801(e)(4)(E)(iii) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 381(e)(4)(E)(iii)) is amended by striking ‘‘subparagraph’’ each place such term appears and inserting ‘‘paragraph’’. (b) FDA REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2017.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 905(b)(4) of the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017 (Public Law115–52) is amended by striking ‘‘Section 744H(e)(2)(B)’’ and inserting ‘‘Section 744H(f)(2)(B)’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by paragraph (1) shall take effect as of the enactment of the FDA Reauthorization Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–52). 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This title may be cited as the ‘‘OvertheCounter Monograph User Fee Act of 2018’’. (b) FINDING .—The Congress finds that the fees authorized by the amendments made in this title will be dedicated to OTC monograph drug activities, as set forth in the goals identified for purposes of part 10 of subchapter C of chapter VII of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act, in the letters from the Secretary of Health and Human Services to the Chairman of the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate and the Chairman of the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives, as set forth in the Congressional Record. 
Subchapter C of chapter VII of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 379f et seq.) is amended by inserting after part 9 the following: ‘‘PART 10—FEES RELATING TO OVERTHE COUNTER DRUGS 
‘‘In this part: ‘‘(1) The term ‘affiliate’ means a business entity that has a relationship with a second business entity if, directly or indirectly— ‘‘(A) one business entity controls, or has the power to control, the other business entity; or ‘‘(B) a third party controls, or has power to control, both of the business entities. ‘‘(2) The term ‘contract manufacturing organization facility’ means an OTC monograph drug facility where neither the owner of such manufacturing facility nor any affiliate of such owner or facility sells the OTC monograph drug produced at such facility directly to wholesalers, retailers, or consumers in the United States. ‘‘(3) The term ‘costs of resources allocated for OTC monograph drug activities’ means the expenses in connection with OTC monograph drug activities for— ‘‘(A) officers and employees of the Food and Drug Administration, contractors of the Food and Drug Administration, advisory committees, and costs related to such officers, employees, and committees and costs related to contracts with such contractors; ‘‘(B) management of information, and the acquisition, maintenance, and repair of computer resources; ‘‘(C) leasing, maintenance, renovation, and repair of facilities and acquisition, maintenance, and repair of fixtures, furniture, scientific equipment, and other necessary materials and supplies; and ‘‘(D) collecting fees under section 744M and accounting for resources allocated for OTC monograph drug activities. ‘‘(4) The term ‘FDA establishment identifier’ is the unique number automatically generated by Food and Drug Administration’s Field Accomplishments and Compliance Tracking System (FACTS) (or any successor system). ‘‘(5) The term ‘OTC monograph drug’ means a nonprescription drug without an approved new drug application which is governed by the provisions of section 505G. ‘‘(6) The term ‘OTC monograph drug activities’ means activities of the Secretary associated with OTC monograph drugs and inspection of facilities associated with such products, including the following activities: ‘‘(A) The activities necessary for review and evaluation of OTC monographs and OTC monograph order requests, including— ‘‘(i) orders proposing or finalizing applicable conditions of use for OTC monograph drugs; ‘‘(ii) orders affecting status regarding general recognition of safety and effectiveness of an OTC monograph ingredient or combination of ingredients under specified conditions of use; ‘‘(iii) all OTC monograph drug development and review activities, including intra agency collaboration; ‘‘(iv) regulation and policy development activities related to OTC monograph drugs; ‘‘(v) development of product standards for products subject to review and evaluation; ‘‘(vi) meetings referred to in section 505G(i); ‘‘(vii) review of labeling prior to issuance of orders related to OTC monograph drugs or conditions of use; and ‘‘(viii) regulatory science activities related to OTC monograph drugs. ‘‘(B) Inspections related to OTC monograph drugs. ‘‘(C) Monitoring of clinical and other research conducted in connection with OTC monograph drugs. ‘‘(D) Safety activities with respect to OTC monograph drugs, including— ‘‘(i) collecting, developing, and reviewing safety information on OTC monograph drugs, including adverse event reports; ‘‘(ii) developing and using improved adverse event datacollection systems, including information technology systems; and ‘‘(iii) developing and using improved analytical tools to assess potential safety risks, including access to external databases. ‘‘(E) Other activities necessary for implementation of section 505G. ‘‘(7) The term ‘OTC monograph order request’ means a request for an order submitted under section 505G(b)(5). ‘‘(8) The term ‘Tier 1 OTC monograph order request’ means any OTC monograph order request not determined to be a Tier 2 OTC monograph order request. ‘‘(9)(A) The term ‘Tier 2 OTC monograph order request’ means, subject to subparagraph (B), an OTC monograph order request for— ‘‘(i) the reordering of existing information in the drug facts label of an OTC monograph drug; ‘‘(ii) the addition of information to the other information section of the drug facts label of an OTC monograph drug, as limited by section 201.66(c)(7) of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations); ‘‘(iii) modification to the directions for use section of the drug facts label of an OTC monograph drug, if such changes conform to changes made pursuant to section 505G(c)(3)(A); ‘‘(iv) the standardization of the concentration or dose of a specific finalized ingredient within a particular finalized monograph; ‘‘(v) a change to ingredient nomenclature to align with nomenclature of a standards setting organization; or ‘‘(vi) addition of an interchangeable term in accordance with section 330.1 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations). ‘‘(B) The Secretary may, based on program implementation experience or other factors found appropriate by the Secretary, characterize any OTC monograph order request as a Tier 2 OTC monograph order request (including recharacterizing a request from Tier 1 to Tier 2) and publish such determination in a proposed order issued pursuant to section 505G. ‘‘(10)(A) The term ‘OTC monograph drug facility’ means a foreign or domestic business or other entity that— ‘‘(i) is— ‘‘(I) under one management, either direct or indirect; and ‘‘(II) at one geographic location or address engaged in manufacturing or processing the finished dosage form of an OTC monograph drug; ‘‘(ii) includes a finished dosage form manufacturer facility in a contractual relationship with the sponsor of one or more OTC monograph drugs to manufacture or process such drugs; and ‘‘(iii) does not include a business or other entity whose only manufacturing or processing activities are one or more of the following: production of clinical research supplies, testing, or placement of outer packaging on packages containing multiple products, for such purposes as creating multipacks, when each monograph drug product contained within the overpackaging is already in a final packaged form prior to placement in the outer overpackaging. ‘‘(B) For purposes of subparagraph (A)(i)(II), separate buildings or locations within close proximity are considered to be at one geographic location or address if the activities conducted in such buildings or locations are— ‘‘(i) closely related to the same business enterprise; ‘‘(ii) under the supervision of the same local management; and ‘‘(iii) under a single FDA establishment identifier and capable of being inspected by the Food and Drug Administration during a single inspection. ‘‘(C) If a business or other entity would meet criteria specified in subparagraph (A), but for being under multiple management, the business or other entity is deemed to constitute multiple facilities, one per management entity, for purposes of this paragraph. ‘‘(11) The term ‘OTC monograph drug meeting’ means any meeting regarding the content of a proposed OTC monograph order request. ‘‘(12) The term ‘person’ includes an affiliate of a person. ‘‘(13) The terms ‘requestor’ and ‘sponsor’ 
have the meanings given such terms in section 505G. 
‘‘SEC. 744M. AUTHORITY TO ASSESS AND USE OTC MONOGRAPH FEES. 
‘‘(a) T YPES OF FEES.—Beginning with fiscal year 2019, the Secretary shall assess and collect fees in accordance with this section as follows: ‘‘(1) FACILITY FEE .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Each person that owns a facility identified as an OTC monograph drug facility on December 31 of the fiscal year or at any time during the preceding 12month period shall be assessed an annual fee for each such facility as determined under subsection (c). ‘‘(B) EXCEPTIONS .— ‘‘(i) A fee shall not be assessed under subparagraph (A) if the identified OTC monograph drug facility— ‘‘(I) has ceased all activities related to OTC monograph drugs prior to January 31, 2019, for the first program year, and December 31 of the fiscal year for subsequent fiscal years; and ‘‘(II) has updated its registration to reflect such change under the requirements for drug establishment registration set forth in section 510. ‘‘(ii) The amount of the fee for a contract manufacturing organization facility shall be equal to twothirds of the amount of the fee for an OTC monograph drug facility that is not a contract manufacturing organization facility. ‘‘(C) AMOUNT .—The amount of fees established under subparagraph (A) shall be established under subsection (c). ‘‘(D) DUE DATE .— 
‘‘(i) F OR FIRST PROGRAM YEAR .—For fiscal year 2019, the facility fees required under subparagraph (A) shall be due 45 calendar days after publication of the Federal Register notice provided for under subsection (c)(4)(A). ‘‘(ii) SUBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS .—For each fiscal year after fiscal year 2019, the facility fees required under subparagraph (A) shall be due on the later of— ‘‘(I) the first business day of June of such year; or ‘‘(II) the first business day after the enactment of an appropriations Act providing for the collection and obligation of fees under this section for such year. ‘‘(2) OTC 
MONOGRAPH ORDER REQUEST FEE .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Each person that submits an OTC monograph order request shall be subject to a fee for an OTC monograph order request. The amount of such fee shall be— ‘‘(i) for a Tier 1 OTC monograph order request, $500,000, adjusted for inflation for the fiscal year (as determined under subsection (c)(1)(B)); and ‘‘(ii) for a Tier 2 OTC monograph order request, $100,000 adjusted for inflation for the fiscal year (as determined under subsection (c)(1)(B)). ‘‘(B) DUE DATE .—The OTC monograph order request fees required under subparagraph (A) shall be due on the date of submission of the OTC monograph order request. ‘‘(C) EXCEPTION FOR CERTAIN SAFETY  
CHANGES .—A person who is named as the requestor in an OTC monograph order shall not be subject to a fee under subparagraph (A) if the Secretary finds that the OTC monograph order request seeks to change the drug facts labeling of an OTC monograph drug in a way that would add to or strengthen— ‘‘(i) a contraindication, warning, or precaution; ‘‘(ii) a statement about risk associated with misuse or abuse; or ‘‘(iii) an instruction about dosage and administration that is intended to increase the safe use of the OTC monograph drug. ‘‘(D) REFUND OF FEE IF ORDER REQUEST IS  
ORDER REQUEST .—If the Secretary determines that an OTC monograph request initially characterized as Tier 1 shall be recharacterized as a Tier 2 OTC monograph order request, and the requestor has paid a Tier 1 fee in accordance with subparagraph (A)(i), the Secretary shall refund the requestor the difference between the Tier 1 and Tier 2 fees determined under subparagraphs (A)(i) and (A)(ii), respectively. ‘‘(E) REFUND OF FEE IF ORDER REQUEST RE FUSED FOR FILING OR WITHDRAWN BEFORE FIL ING.—The Secretary shall refund 75 percent of the fee paid under subparagraph (B) for any order request which is refused for filing or was withdrawn before being accepted or refused for filing. ‘‘(F) FEES FOR ORDER REQUESTS PREVIOUSLY  
FILING .—An OTC monograph order request that was submitted but was refused for filing, or was withdrawn before being accepted or refused for filing, shall be subject to the full fee under subparagraph (A) upon being resubmitted or filed over protest. ‘‘(G) REFUND OF FEE IF ORDER REQUEST  
WITHDRAWN .—If an order request is withdrawn after the order request was filed, the Secretary may refund the fee or a portion of the fee if no substantial work was performed on the order request after the application was filed. The Secretary shall have the sole discretion to refund a fee or a portion of the fee under this subparagraph. A determination by the Secretary concerning a refund under this subparagraph shall not be reviewable. ‘‘(3) REFUNDS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Other than refunds provided pursuant to any of subparagraphs (D) through (G) of paragraph (2), the Secretary shall not refund any fee paid under paragraph (1) except as provided in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) DISPUTES CONCERNING FEES .—To qual ify for the return of a fee claimed to have been paid in error under paragraph (1) or (2), a person shall submit to the Secretary a written request justifying such return within 180 calendar days after such fee was paid. ‘‘(4) NOTICE .—Within the timeframe specified in subsection (c), the Secretary shall publish in the Federal Register the amount of the fees under paragraph (1) for such fiscal year. ‘‘(b) FEEREVENUE AMOUNTS .— ‘‘(1) FISCAL YEAR 2019 .—For fiscal year 2019, fees under subsection (a)(1) shall be established to generate a total facility fee revenue amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) the annual base revenue for fiscal year 2019 (as determined under paragraph (3)); ‘‘(B) the dollar amount equal to the operating reserve adjustment for the fiscal year, if applicable (as determined under subsection (c)(2)); and ‘‘(C) additional direct cost adjustments (as determined under subsection (c)(3)). ‘‘(2) SUBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS .—For each of the fiscal years 2020 through 2023, fees under subsection (a)(1) shall be established to generate a total facility fee revenue amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(A) the annual base revenue for the fiscal year (as determined under paragraph (3)); ‘‘(B) the dollar amount equal to the inflation adjustment for the fiscal year (as determined under subsection (c)(1)); ‘‘(C) the dollar amount equal to the operating reserve adjustment for the fiscal year, if applicable (as determined under subsection (c)(2)); ‘‘(D) additional direct cost adjustments (as determined under subsection (c)(3)); and ‘‘(E) additional dollar amounts for each fiscal year as follows: ‘‘(i) $7,000,000 for fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(ii) $6,000,000 for fiscal year 2021. ‘‘(iii) $7,000,000 for fiscal year 2022. ‘‘(iv) $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2023. ‘‘(3) ANNUAL BASE REVENUE .—For purposes of paragraphs (1)(A) and (2)(A), the dollar amount of the annual base revenue for a fiscal year shall be— ‘‘(A) for fiscal year 2019, $8,000,000; and ‘‘(B) for fiscal years 2020 through 2023, the dollar amount of the total revenue amount established under this subsection for the previous fiscal year, not including any adjustments made under subsection (c)(2) or (c)(3). ‘‘(c) ADJUSTMENTS ; ANNUAL FEESETTING .— ‘‘(1) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of subsection (b)(2)(B), the dollar amount of the inflation adjustment to the annual base revenue for fiscal year 2020 and each subsequent fiscal year shall be equal to the product of— ‘‘(i) such annual base revenue for the fiscal year under subsection (b)(2); and ‘‘(ii) the inflation adjustment percentage under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) OTC 
FEES.—For purposes of subsection (a)(2), the dollar amount of the inflation adjustment to the fee for OTC monograph order requests for fiscal year 2020 and each subsequent fiscal year shall be equal to the product of— ‘‘(i) the applicable fee under subsection (a)(2) for the preceding fiscal year; and ‘‘(ii) the inflation adjustment percentage under subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT PERCENTAGE .— The inflation adjustment percentage under this subparagraph for a fiscal year is equal to— ‘‘(i) for each of fiscal years 2020 and 2021, the average annual percent change that occurred in the Consumer Price Index for urban consumers (WashingtonBaltimore, DC–MD–VA–WV; Not Seasonally Adjusted; All items; Annual Index) for the first 3 years of the preceding 4 years of available data; and ‘‘(ii) for each of fiscal years 2022 and 2023, the sum of— ‘‘(I) the average annual percent change in the cost, per fulltime equivalent position of the Food and Drug Administration, of all personnel compensation and benefits paid with respect to such positions for the first 3 years of the preceding 4 fiscal years, multiplied by the proportion of personnel compensation and benefits costs to total costs of OTC monograph drug activities for the first 3 years of the preceding 4 fiscal years; and ‘‘(II) the average annual percent change that occurred in the Consumer Price Index for urban consumers (WashingtonBaltimore, DC–MD–VA–WV; Not Seasonally Adjusted; All items; Annual Index) for the first 3 years of the preceding 4 years of available data multiplied by the proportion of all costs other than personnel compensation and benefits costs to total costs of OTC monograph drug activities for the first 3 years of the preceding 4 fiscal years. ‘‘(2) OPERATING RESERVE ADJUSTMENT .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—For fiscal year 2019 and subsequent fiscal years, for purposes of subsections (b)(1)(B) and (b)(2)(C), the Secretary may, in addition to adjustments under paragraph (1), further increase the fee revenue and fees if such an adjustment is necessary to provide operating reserves of carryover user fees for OTC monograph drug activities for not more than the number of weeks specified in subparagraph (B). ‘‘(B) NUMBER OF WEEKS .—The number of weeks specified in this subparagraph is— ‘‘(i) 3 weeks for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(ii) 7 weeks for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(iii) 10 weeks for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(iv) 10 weeks for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(v) 10 weeks for fiscal year 2023. ‘‘(C) DECREASE .—If the Secretary has carryover balances for such process in excess of 10 weeks of the operating reserves referred to in subparagraph (A), the Secretary shall decrease the fee revenue and fees referred to in such subparagraph to provide for not more than 10 weeks of such operating reserves. ‘‘(D) RATIONALE FOR ADJUSTMENT .—If an adjustment under this paragraph is made, the rationale for the amount of the increase or decrease (as applicable) in fee revenue and fees shall be contained in the annual Federal Register notice under paragraph (4) establishing fee revenue and fees for the fiscal year involved. ‘‘(3) ADDITIONAL DIRECT COST ADJUST MENT .—The Secretary shall, in addition to adjustments under paragraphs (1) and (2), further increase the fee revenue and fees for purposes of subsection (b)(2)(D) by an amount equal to— ‘‘(A) $14,000,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(B) $7,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(C) $4,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(D) $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(E) $3,000,000 for fiscal year 2023. ‘‘(4) ANNUAL FEE SETTING .— ‘‘(A) FISCAL YEAR 2019 .—The Secretary shall, not later than the second Monday in March of 2019— ‘‘(i) establish OTC monograph drug facility fees for fiscal year 2019 under subsection (a), based on the revenue amount for such year under subsection (b) and the adjustments provided under this subsection; and 
‘‘(ii) publish fee revenue, facility fees, and OTC monograph order requests in the Federal Register. ‘‘(B) SUBSEQUENT FISCAL YEARS .—The Sec retary shall, not later than the second Monday in March of each fiscal year that begins after September 30, 2019— ‘‘(i) establish for each such fiscal year, based on the revenue amounts under subsection (b) and the adjustments provided under this subsection— ‘‘(I) OTC monograph drug facility fees under subsection (a)(1); and ‘‘(II) OTC monograph order request fees under subsection (a)(2); and ‘‘(ii) publish such fee revenue amounts, facility fees, and OTC monograph order request fees in the Federal Register. ‘‘(d) IDENTIFICATION OF FACILITIES .—Each person that owns an OTC monograph drug facility shall submit to the Secretary the information required under this subsection each year. Such information shall, for each fiscal year— ‘‘(1) be submitted as part of the requirements for drug establishment registration set forth in section 510; and ‘‘(2) include for each such facility, at a minimum, identification of the facility’s business operation as that of an OTC monograph drug facility. ‘‘(e) EFFECT OF FAILURE TOPAYFEES.— ‘‘(1) OTC 
MONOGRAPH DRUG FACILITY FEE .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Failure to pay the fee under subsection (a)(1) within 20 calendar days of the due date as specified in subparagraph (D) of such subsection shall result in the following: ‘‘(i) The Secretary shall place the facility on a publicly available arrears list. ‘‘(ii) All OTC monograph drugs manufactured in such a facility or containing an ingredient manufactured in such a facility shall be deemed misbranded under section 502(ff). ‘‘(B) APPLICATION OF PENALTIES .—The pen alties under this paragraph shall apply until the fee established by subsection (a)(1) is paid. ‘‘(2) ORDER REQUESTS .—An OTC monograph order request submitted by a person subject to fees under subsection (a) shall be considered incomplete and shall not be accepted for filing by the Secretary until all fees owed by such person under this section have been paid. ‘‘(3) MEETINGS .—A person subject to fees under this section shall be considered ineligible for OTC monograph drug meetings until all such fees owed by such person have been paid. ‘‘(f) CREDITING AND AVAILABILITY OF  FEES.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Fees authorized under subsection (a) shall be collected and available for obligation only to the extent and in the amount provided in advance in appropriations Acts. Such fees are authorized to remain available until expended. Such sums as may be necessary may be transferred from the Food and Drug Administration salaries and expenses appropriation account without fiscal year limitation to such appropriation account for salaries and expenses with such fiscal year limitation. The sums transferred shall be available solely for OTC monograph drug activities. ‘‘(2) COLLECTIONS AND APPROPRIATION  
ACTS.— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Subject to subparagraph (C), the fees authorized by this section shall be collected and available in each fiscal year in an amount not to exceed the amount specified in appropriation Acts, or otherwise made available for obligation, for such fiscal year. ‘‘(B) USE OF FEES AND LIMITATION .—The fees authorized by this section shall be available to defray increases in the costs of the resources allocated for OTC monograph drug activities (including increases in such costs for an additional number of fulltime equivalent positions in the Department of Health and Human Services to be engaged in such activities), only if the Secretary allocates for such purpose an amount for such fiscal year (excluding amounts from fees collected under this section) no less than $12,000,000, multiplied by the adjustment factor applicable to the fiscal year involved under subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(C) COMPLIANCE .—The Secretary shall be considered to have met the requirements of subparagraph (B) in any fiscal year if the costs funded by appropriations and allocated for OTC monograph drug activities are not more than 15 percent below the level specified in such subparagraph. ‘‘(D) PROVISION FOR EARLY PAYMENTS IN  
SUBSEQUENT YEARS .—Payment of fees authorized under this section for a fiscal year (after fiscal year 2019), prior to the due date for such fees, may be accepted by the Secretary in accordance with authority provided in advance in a prior year appropriations Act. ‘‘(3) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— For each of the fiscal years 2019 through 2023, there is authorized to be appropriated for fees under this section an amount equal to the total amount of fees assessed for such fiscal year under this section. ‘‘(g) COLLECTION OF UNPAID FEES.—In any case where the Secretary does not receive payment of a fee assessed under subsection (a) within 30 calendar days after it is due, such fee shall be treated as a claim of the United States Government subject to subchapter II of chapter 37 of title 31, United States Code. ‘‘(h) CONSTRUCTION .—This section may not be construed to require that the number of fulltime equivalent positions in the Department of Health and Human Services, for officers, employers, and advisory committees not engaged in OTC monograph drug activities, be reduced to offset the number of officers, employees, and advisory committees so engaged. 
‘‘(a) P ERFORMANCE REPORT .—Beginning with fiscal year 2019, and not later than 120 calendar days after the end of each fiscal year thereafter for which fees are collected under this part, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report concerning the progress of the Food and Drug Administration in achieving the goals identified in the letters described in section 2001(b) of the OvertheCounter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act of 2018 during such fiscal year and the future plans of the Food and Drug Administration for meeting such goals. ‘‘(b) FISCAL REPORT .—Not later than 120 calendar days after the end of fiscal year 2019 and each subsequent fiscal year for which fees are collected under this part, the Secretary shall prepare and submit to the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate a report on the implementation of the authority for such fees during such fiscal year and the use, by the Food and Drug Administration, of the fees collected for such fiscal year. ‘‘(c) PUBLIC AVAILABILITY .—The Secretary shall make the reports required under subsections (a) and (b) available to the public on the internet website of the Food and Drug Administration. ‘‘(d) REAUTHORIZATION .— ‘‘(1) CONSULTATION .—In developing recommendations to present to the Congress with respect to the goals described in subsection (a), and plans for meeting the goals, for OTC monograph drug activities for the first 5 fiscal years after fiscal year 2023, and for the reauthorization of this part for such fiscal years, the Secretary shall consult with— ‘‘(A) the Committee on Energy and Commerce of the House of Representatives; ‘‘(B) the Committee on Health, Education, Labor, and Pensions of the Senate; ‘‘(C) scientific and academic experts; ‘‘(D) health care professionals; ‘‘(E) representatives of patient and consumer advocacy groups; and ‘‘(F) the regulated industry. ‘‘(2) PUBLIC REVIEW OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— After negotiations with the regulated industry, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(A) present the recommendations developed under paragraph (1) to the congressional committees specified in such paragraph; ‘‘(B) publish such recommendations in the Federal Register; ‘‘(C) provide for a period of 30 calendar days for the public to provide written comments on such recommendations; ‘‘(D) hold a meeting at which the public may present its views on such recommendations; and ‘‘(E) after consideration of such public views and comments, revise such recommendations as necessary. ‘‘(3) TRANSMITTAL OF RECOMMENDATIONS .— Not later than January 15, 2023, the Secretary shall transmit to the Congress the revised recommendations under paragraph (2), a summary of the views and comments received under such paragraph, and any changes made to the recommendations in response to such views and comments.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS ) and the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ESHOO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BURGESS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. H.R. 7328 includes both the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness Act and the OvertheCounter Monograph reform language. Both of these bills have passed this House separately, and this today in front of us includes bipartisan, bicameral agreements on these programs. Passage of this bill is critical to our national security; and on this 100year anniversary of the Spanish flu, I can think of no more appropriate piece of legislation to be considering. I urge all Members to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 7328. This is a good bill. I think it is an 
important one. It is the Overthe Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act of 2018. Kind of a mouthful, but what it does is it streamlines how overthecounter drugs are regulated. This will enable the FDA, the Food and Drug Administration, to act faster to address safety issues associated with overthecounter drugs and bring innovative overthe counter drugs to market. The legislation will also establish a new user fee program to provide the FDA with reliable and stable funding to implement the reforms in this bill. These user fees are already in place with the pharmaceutical industry, with others. It works very well, and it allows hiring the necessary additional staff to oversee the overthecounter market. This updated legislation, very importantly, reflects that it is both bipartisan and bicameral, and I urge the entire House to support the bill. I also want to point out that, rolled into this bill, H.R. 7328, is what we call PAHPA, the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act. I am very proud to have authored this originally in a past Congress. But also my partner in this Congress has been Congresswoman SUSAN  BROOKS . I couldn’t ask for a finer partner. The legislation really reflects months of negotiations and compromise reached by both the House and the Senate, and the bill makes important updates to, as I said, the overthe counter monograph program. What we are considering in terms of this particular bill is an update, and it directs Federal agencies to respond to new and emerging threats and strengthens our Nation’s existing preparedness and response programs. This has a great deal to do with our national security, and that is why it is so important. The legislation not only reauthorizes critical programs to allow our country to be prepared to respond to naturally occurring and manmade disasters—and we know these threats are real—but it also meets the challenges that we face today and those that we anticipate facing in the future. I am very glad that this legislation was rolled into H.R. 7328, and I once again want to salute the work that Congresswoman SUSAN BROOKS did on this particular bill that is part of H.R. 7328. Mr. Speaker, I have two speakers on my side, but I will reserve the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman from California has the only time remaining. The gentleman from Texas has yielded back the balance of his time. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Michigan (Mrs. DINGELL ), my friend and colleague. Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 7328, and I thank all of my colleagues for the very hard work that has gone into this. This important bill reauthorizes the Pandemics and AllHazards Preparedness Act, and it also gives the FDA revenue and authority to improve their oversight of the overthecounter drugs. Although the hour is late, I am very glad we are sending this bill to the Senate today, and I urge my colleagues to quickly pass this bill before the 115th Congress expires. I know we all want it to expire, but we can do some good things before it does. Today, 60 percent of all medicines sold in the U.S. are over the counter; yet the FDA has only 18 fulltime employees overseeing that entire market. That is not reflective of the way that our healthcare systems run, and it is putting patients at risk every single day. Our bill reforms the system for the better by creating a new user fee program to give the FDA resources it needs to improve public health, and it allows the agency to update OTC monographs by administrative order rather than the ineffective rulemaking process we have been watching. This will be a big win for patients, who will benefit from the improved safety of their products, as well as the industry, as they will have a reliable pathway to bring new, innovative products to market. We haven’t seen a new sunscreen on the market in more than a decade. I want to thank all of my colleagues on both sides of the aisle in the Energy and Commerce Committee for all of the time and the effort they put into this legislation. I especially want to thank Kim Trzeciak of the committee staff for all of her hard work. Let’s get this done before we go home for the holidays. I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 7328. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Colorado (Ms. DEGETTE ). Ms. DEGETTE. Mr. Speaker, today we have an opportunity, as well as the wonderful items in this bill that Mrs. DINGELL talked about, to make long overdue reforms to the way that the Food and Drug Administration reviews overthecounter medicines. Nearly 7 in 10 parents report giving their children an OTC medicine to help treat a sudden medical symptom. Similarly, 81 percent of adults use OTC drugs as a first response to a minor ailment. Despite the widespread use of these medicines, though, the FDA is forced to use a cumbersome and archaic monograph pathway for review and approval. This antiquated, 40year review system does not keep pace with recent medical advances and the burgeoning of the OTC market, which now has over 300,000 drugs. As a result, the current monograph fails to respond to OTC safety issues in a timely and effective manner. During the 2 years between 2004 and 2005, the CDC reported 1,500 cases of children under the age of 2 visiting emergency rooms due to serious side effects of overthecounter drugs of cough and cold products. Since this finding, the FDA has been trying to revise the cough and cold monograph to warn parents about the risks that these common drugs can cause. But the FDA can’t do that because they are hamstrung due to the burdensome process it has to undergo to revise these monographs. This bill, H.R. 7328, which I worked on with my colleagues, Mr. LATTA , Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. G REEN , Mr. B URGESS, and Mr. G UTHRIE , is a rare triple win because it helps regulators, consumers, and industry: It modernizes an outdated FDA process; It ensures consumers get access to safe and effective overthecounter drugs; It provides industry with the certainty to innovate and develop cutting edge OTC products; and It gives the FDA the tools and resources to remove dangerous and ineffective products from the market. Let’s pass this bill right now, and let’s urge the Senate to get something done and pass this before the Congress ends. Ms. ESHOO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I don’t have any other speakers, but let me just close by saying I think that, between the chairman of our subcommittee and my two colleagues and their remarks—and mine included— that these are very good bills that are going to accomplish good things for the American people. So whether it is what was rolled into H.R. 7328—PAHPA and the underlying bill, the Overthe Counter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act—I feel very confident that, with its passage, we will have accomplished something that is excellent for the American people. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 7328, which includes the bill I authored, H.R. 5333, the OvertheCounter Monograph Safety, Innovation, and Reform Act. With more than 240 million Americans using OTC products every year, it is time to update and complete the outdated regulatory framework used for oversight of these medicines. This bill will modernize the broken monograph system, strengthen consumer protection, spur innovation, and increase consumer choice. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak in support of my bill—the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness and Advancing Innovation Act of 2018 or PAHPA. I’m proud to have introduced this important bill with my good friend Representative ANNA ESHOO who was one of the original authors of the 2006 PAHPA bill and lead author of the last reauthorization in 2013. This bipartisan public health and national security effort will ensure our nation is better prepared to respond to natural disasters like hurricanes, emerging infectious diseases like 
Zika or Ebola, and chemical, biological, radiological or nuclear attacks whether from terrorist groups or from nation states. The threats we face are not hypothetical. Since August of this year, 315 people in the Democratic Republic of Congo have died from Ebola. The ongoing Ebola outbreak in the Democratic Republic of Congo is now the second largest outbreak in history. More than 530 cases have been reported with 18 new confirmed cases over the weekend. Thanks to PAHPA and the 21st Century Cures Act, we are more prepared for biological threats and attacks. In July, the FDA approved the first drug to treat smallpox— TPOXX. But, TPOXX is not the only recent approval at the FDA. On July 10th, the FDA approved an autoinjector which provides a onetime dose of an antidote to block effects of a nerve agent. This new antidote and TPOXX will help protect Americans from biological attacks. But, PAHPA is much more than just a biodefense bill. It also helps ensure a coordinated health care response to hurricanes. During the 2017 hurricane season, Hurricanes Florence, Harvey, Irma, Jose, and Maria killed hundreds of Americans and showed us that we need to do better to prioritize the needs of every person in our communities. The PAHPA bill we are considering today does that by prioritizing our nation’s most vulnerable populations—our children, senior citizens, and people with disabilities. It reauthorizes the advisory committee focused on the specific needs of children, and creates NEW advisory committees to ensure the needs of the elderly and people with disabilities are considered. The bill provides liability protections for doctors who volunteer after a medical disaster. In addition to these Good Samaritan provisions, the bill also ensures more health care professionals like nurses and doctors can be hired and trained when facing a public health crisis by strengthening the National Disaster Medical System, which provides grants to our regional health care network. It also ensures we have a robust supply of vaccines, basic equipment like gloves, hazmat suits, masks and more in our Strategic National Stockpiles located all across the country, so these professionals have the equipment they need. PAHPA ensures our preparedness and response capabilities will include a robust pipeline of medical countermeasures by reauthorizing and increasing funding for the BioShield Special Reserve Fund and BARDA—the Biomedical Advanced Research and Development Authority. BARDA’s work over the last decade has resulted in FDA approvals for more than 42 different medical countermeasures. The development of medical countermeasures is a lengthy and often risky endeavor, which is why sending a clear signal that BARDA remains a strong and committed partner with academic institutions and the private sector in these efforts is so important. In September, we saw another example of the success of research funded by BARDA when the FDA approved ReCell—the first spray on skin product ever approved for use in the United States. This new treatment will help treat burn victims so that they can heal faster and with less risk of infection from painful skin grafts. By using a piece of a patient’s skin about the size of a credit card, a doctor can turn it into a single cell based solution that can be sprayed over the patient’s burns so that new skin can grow and replace the damaged and burnt skin. While the investments BARDA is making into innovative research and new treatments are critical, it is also important that we continue to address threats that have been around for years. It has been 100 years since the 1918 pandemic influenza killed millions of people around the globe including 675,000 in the United States. Some experts predict that we are due for another global pandemic influenza. To address that threat, the bill we are considering today authorizes $250 million for the Assistant Secretary for Preparedness and Response (the ASPR) to address threats like pandemic influenza. Specifically, the bill directs the ASPR to work to increase manufacturing capacity and stockpile medical countermeasures. While the PAHPA bill we are considering today authorizes funding for research into known threats like pandemic influenza it also maintains the flexibility that is the foundation of our medical countermeasure enterprise to deal with unknown threats for which we may have no defense today. The PAHPA reauthorization bill we are considering is the process of months of committee work in both the House and Senate. I cannot emphasize enough how critically important it is to reauthorize PAHPA this year, and I encourage the Senate to quickly take up and pass H.R. 7328. I would urge all Members to support this critical piece of legislation. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7328. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1200 ASHANTI ALERT ACT OF 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 5075) to encourage, enhance, and integrate Ashanti Alert plans throughout the United States, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Ashanti Alert Act of 2018’’. 
Kristen’s Act (Public Law 106–468; 114 Stat. 2027) is amended— (1) by inserting before section 2 (34 U.S.C. 40504) the following: ‘‘TITLE I—GRANTS’’; (2) by redesignating sections 2 (34 U.S.C. 40504) and 3 (34 U.S.C. 40504 note) as sections 101 and 102, respectively; (3) in section 101(b), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this title’’; (4) in section 102, as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘this Act’’ and inserting ‘‘this title’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘TITLE II—ASHANTI ALERT COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK ‘‘SEC. 201. DEFINITIONS. 
ALERT COMMUNICATIONS NET WORK .—The term ‘AMBER Alert communications network’ means the AMBER Alert communications network established under subtitle A of title III of the PROTECT Act (34 U.S.C. 20501 et seq.). ‘‘(2) ASHANTI ALERT .—The term ‘Ashanti Alert’ means an alert issued through the Ashanti Alert communications network, related to a missing adult. ‘‘(3) ASHANTI ALERT COMMUNICATIONS NET WORK .—The term ‘Ashanti Alert communications network’ means the national communications network established by the Attorney General under section 202(a). ‘‘(4) ASHANTI ALERT COORDINATOR OF THE DE PARTMENT OF JUSTICE ; COORDINATOR .—The term ‘Ashanti Alert Coordinator of the Department of Justice’ or ‘Coordinator’ means the employee designated by the Attorney General to act as the national coordinator of the Ashanti Alert communications network under section 203(a). ‘‘(5) ASHANTI ALERT PLAN .—The term ‘Ashanti Alert plan’ means a local element of the Ashanti Alert communications network. ‘‘(6) INDIAN TRIBE .—The term ‘Indian Tribe’ means a federally recognized Indian Tribe or a Native village, Regional Corporation, or Village Corporation (as those terms are defined in section 3 of the Alaska Native Claims Settlement Act (43 U.S.C. 1602)). ‘‘(7) MISSING ADULT .—The term ‘missing adult’ means an individual who— ‘‘(A) is older than the age for which an alert may be issued through the AMBER Alert communications network in the State or territory of an Indian Tribe in which the individual is identified as a missing individual; ‘‘(B) is identified by a law enforcement agency as a missing individual; and ‘‘(C) meets the requirements to be designated as a missing adult, as determined by the State in which, or the Indian Tribe in the territory of which, the individual is identified as a missing individual. ‘‘(8) STATE.—The term ‘State’ means each of the 50 States, the District of Columbia, the Commonwealth of Puerto Rico, the United States Virgin Islands, Guam, American Samoa, and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Attorney General shall, subject to the availability of appropriations, establish a national communications network within the Office of Justice Programs of the Department of Justice to provide assistance to regional and local search efforts for missing adults through the initiation, facilitation, and promotion of local elements of the network, in coordination with States, Indian Tribes, units of local government, law enforcement agencies, and other concerned entities with expertise in providing services to adults. ‘‘(b) INTEGRATION WITHEXISTING COMMUNICA TIONS NETWORK .—In establishing the Ashanti Alert communications network under subsection (a), the Attorney General shall coordinate, when advisable, with missing person alert systems in existence as of the date of enactment of this title, such as the AMBER Alert communications network and Silver Alert communications networks. 
‘‘(a) N ATIONAL COORDINATOR WITHIN DEPART MENT OF JUSTICE .—The Attorney General shall designate an employee of the Office of Justice 
Programs of the Department of Justice to act as the national coordinator of the Ashanti Alert communications network. ‘‘(b) DUTIES OF THE COORDINATOR .—In acting as the national coordinator of the Ashanti Alert communications network, the Coordinator shall— ‘‘(1) work with States and Indian Tribes to encourage the development of additional Ashanti Alert plans in the network; ‘‘(2) establish voluntary guidelines for States and Indian Tribes to use in developing Ashanti Alert plans that will promote compatible and integrated Ashanti Alert plans throughout the United States, including— ‘‘(A) a list of the resources necessary to establish an Ashanti Alert plan; ‘‘(B) criteria for evaluating whether a situation warrants issuing an Ashanti Alert, taking into consideration the need for the use of Ashanti Alerts to be limited in scope because the effectiveness of the Ashanti Alert communications network may be affected by overuse, including criteria to determine— ‘‘(i) whether the mental capacity of an adult who is missing, and the circumstances of his or her disappearance, including any history of domestic violence, sexual assault, child abuse, or human trafficking, warrant the issuance of an Ashanti Alert; and ‘‘(ii) whether the individual who reports that an adult is missing is an appropriate and credible source on which to base the issuance of an Ashanti Alert; ‘‘(C) a description of the appropriate uses of the Ashanti Alert name to readily identify the nature of search efforts for missing adults; and ‘‘(D) recommendations on how to protect the privacy, dignity, independence, autonomy, and safety of any missing adult who may be the subject of an Ashanti Alert; ‘‘(3) develop proposed protocols for efforts to recover missing adults and to reduce the number of adults who are reported missing, including protocols for procedures that are needed from the time of initial notification of a law enforcement agency that the adult is missing through the time of the return of the adult to family, guardian, or domicile, as appropriate, including— ‘‘(A) public safety communications protocol; ‘‘(B) case management protocol; ‘‘(C) command center operations; ‘‘(D) reunification protocol; ‘‘(E) incident review, evaluation, debriefing, and public information procedures; and ‘‘(F) protocols for declining to issue an Ashanti Alert; ‘‘(4) work with States and Indian Tribes to ensure appropriate regional coordination of various elements of the network; ‘‘(5) establish an advisory group to assist States, Indian Tribes, units of local government, law enforcement agencies, and other entities involved in the Ashanti Alert communications network with initiating, facilitating, and promoting Ashanti Alert plans, which shall include— ‘‘(A) to the maximum extent practicable, representation from the various geographic regions of the United States; and ‘‘(B) members who are— ‘‘(i) representatives of adult citizen advocacy groups, law enforcement agencies, victim service providers (as defined in section 40002(a) of the Violence Against Women Act of 1994 (34 U.S.C. 12291(a)), and public safety communications; ‘‘(ii) broadcasters, first responders, dispatchers, and radio station personnel; and ‘‘(iii) representatives of any other individuals or organizations that the Coordinator determines are necessary to the success of the Ashanti Alert communications network; and ‘‘(6) act as the nationwide point of contact for— ‘‘(A) the development of the network; and ‘‘(B) regional coordination of alerts for missing adults through the network. ‘‘(c) COORDINATION .— ‘‘(1) COORDINATION WITH OTHER AGENCIES .— The Coordinator shall coordinate and consult with the Secretary of Transportation, the Federal Communications Commission, the Assistant Secretary for Aging of the Department of Health and Human Services, and other appropriate offices of the Department of Justice, including the Office on Violence Against Women, in carrying out activities under this title. ‘‘(2) STATE, TRIBAL , AND LOCAL COORDINA TION.—The Coordinator shall consult with local broadcasters and State, Tribal, and local law enforcement agencies in establishing minimum standards under section 204 and in carrying out other activities under this title, as appropriate. ‘‘(d) ANNUAL REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this title, and annually thereafter, the Coordinator shall submit to Congress a report on— ‘‘(A) the activities of the Coordinator; and ‘‘(B) the effectiveness and status of the Ashanti Alert plan of each State or Indian Tribe that has established or is in the process of establishing such a plan. ‘‘(2) CONTENTS .—Each report under paragraph (1) shall include— ‘‘(A) a list of each State or Indian Tribe that has established an Ashanti Alert plan; ‘‘(B) a list of each State or Indian Tribe that is in the process of establishing an Ashanti Alert plan; ‘‘(C) for each State or Indian Tribe that has established an Ashanti Alert plan, to the extent the data is available— ‘‘(i) the number of Ashanti Alerts issued; ‘‘(ii) the number of missing adults located successfully; ‘‘(iii) the average period of time between the issuance of an Ashanti Alert and the location of the missing adult for whom the Alert was issued; ‘‘(iv) the State or Tribal agency or authority issuing Ashanti Alerts, and the process by which Ashanti Alerts are disseminated; ‘‘(v) the cost of establishing and operating the Ashanti Alert plan; ‘‘(vi) the criteria used by the State or Indian Tribe to determine whether to issue an Ashanti Alert; and ‘‘(vii) the extent to which missing adults for whom Ashanti Alerts were issued crossed State lines or territorial borders of an Indian Tribe; ‘‘(D) actions States and Indian Tribes have taken to protect the privacy and dignity of the missing adults for whom Ashanti Alerts are issued; ‘‘(E) ways that States and Indian Tribes have facilitated and improved communication about missing adults between families, caregivers, law enforcement officials, and other authorities; and ‘‘(F) any other information the Coordinator determines to be appropriate. 
‘‘SEC. 204. MINIMUM STANDARDS FOR ISSUANCE AND DISSEMINATION OF ALERTS THROUGH ASHANTI ALERT COMMUNICATIONS NETWORK. 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF MINIMUM STAND ARDS.—Subject to subsection (b), the Coordinator shall establish minimum standards for— ‘‘(1) the issuance of alerts through the Ashanti Alert communications network; and ‘‘(2) the extent of the dissemination of alerts issued through the Ashanti Alert communications network. ‘‘(b) LIMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) DISSEMINATION OF INFORMATION .—The minimum standards established under subsection (a) shall, to the maximum extent practicable (as determined by the Coordinator in consultation with State, Tribal, and local law enforcement agencies), provide for the dissemination of appropriate information relating to the special needs of a missing adult (including health care needs) to the appropriate law enforcement, public health, and other public officials. ‘‘(2) GEOGRAPHIC AREAS .—The minimum standards established under subsection (a) shall, to the maximum extent practicable (as determined by the Coordinator in consultation with State, Tribal, and local law enforcement agencies), provide that the dissemination of an alert through the Ashanti Alert communications network shall be limited to the geographic areas that the missing adult could reasonably reach, considering— ‘‘(A) the circumstances and physical and mental condition of the missing adult; ‘‘(B) the modes of transportation available to the missing adult; and ‘‘(C) the circumstances of the disappearance. ‘‘(3) OTHER REQUIREMENTS .—The minimum standards established under subsection (a) shall require that, in order for an Ashanti Alert to be issued for a missing adult, the missing adult— ‘‘(A) suffers from a proven mental or physical disability, as documented by a source determined credible by an appropriate law enforcement agency; or ‘‘(B) be missing under circumstances that indicate, as determined by an appropriate law enforcement agency— ‘‘(i) that the physical safety of the missing adult may be endangered; or ‘‘(ii) that the disappearance of the missing adult may not have been voluntary, including an abduction or kidnapping. ‘‘(4) SAFETY , PRIVACY , AND CIVIL LIBERTIES  
PROTECTIONS .—The minimum standards established under subsection (a) shall— ‘‘(A) ensure that alerts issued through the Ashanti Alert communications network comply with all applicable Federal, State, Tribal, and local privacy laws and regulations; ‘‘(B) include standards that specifically provide for the protection of the civil liberties and sensitive medical information of missing adults; and ‘‘(C) include standards requiring, as appropriate, a review of relevant court records, prior contacts with law enforcement, and other information relevant to the missing adult or the individual reporting, in order to provide protections against domestic violence. ‘‘(5) STATE, TRIBAL , AND LOCAL VOLUNTARY  
COORDINATION .—In establishing minimum standards under subsection (a), the Coordinator may not interfere with the system of voluntary coordination between local broadcasters and State, Tribal, and local law enforcement agencies for purposes of regional and local search efforts for missing adults that was in effect on the day before the date of enactment of this title. 
‘‘The minimum standards established under section 204(a), and any other guidelines and programs established under section 203, shall be adoptable on a voluntary basis only. 
‘‘The Coordinator shall make available to States, Indian Tribes, units of local government, law enforcement agencies, and other concerned entities that are involved in initiating, facilitating, or promoting Ashanti Alert plans, including broadcasters, first responders, dispatchers, public safety communications personnel, and radio station personnel— ‘‘(1) training and educational programs related to the Ashanti Alert communications network and the capabilities, limitations, and anticipated behaviors of missing adults, which the Coordinator shall update regularly to encourage the use of new tools, technologies, and resources in Ashanti Alert plans; and ‘‘(2) informational materials, including brochures, videos, posters, and websites to support and supplement the training and educational programs described in paragraph (1). 
‘‘There is authorized to be appropriated to the Attorney General $3,000,000 to carry out the Ashanti Alert communications network as authorized under this title for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2022.’’. 
Section 609Y(a) of the Justice Assistance Act of 1984 (34 U.S.C. 50112(a)) is amended by striking ‘‘September 30, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2022’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 5075, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to support H.R. 5075, the Ashanti Alert Act of 2018. This bill directs the Department of Justice to establish a national communications network, the Ashanti Alert Communications Network, to support the regional and local search efforts for missing adults. It fills the gap between the AMBER Alert and the Silver Alert. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman SCOTT TAYLOR for championing this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is H.R. 5075, the Ashanti Alert Act of 2018. I rise to support the Senate amendment to H.R. 5075, the Ashanti Alert Act of 2018. This bill seeks to establish a national communications network to help locate missing adults by providing assistance to State, Tribal, and local search efforts. This bill would initiate, facilitate, and promote Ashanti Alert plans in coordination with States, Indian Tribes, units of local government, law enforcement agencies, and other concerned entities with expertise in providing services to adults. I was pleased when we initially passed this bill last September, and I am even more pleased with the Senate amendment, and so I rise to support this legislation and indicate that as of December 31, 2017, the National Crime Information Center database included records of 55,968 missing adults. In fact, many adults go missing each year that are not found until it is too late. In particular, the young woman who the bill is named after, Ashanti Billie, was too old for the assistance of an AMBER Alert on her behalf and too young for a Silver Alert. Had these resources been available when Ashanti Billie was abducted, she may be here today. Mr. Speaker, I enthusiastically support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of H.R. 5075, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 5075. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
CLEAN UP THE CODE ACT OF 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7093) to eliminate unused sections of the United States Code, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7093 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Clean Up the Code Act of 2018’’. 
The following provisions of title 18, United States Code, are repealed: (1) Section 46 relating to transportation of water hyacinths. (2) Section 511A relating to unauthorized application of theft prevention decal or device. (3) Section 707 relating to 4–H club emblem fraudulently used. (4) Section 708 relating to Swiss Confederation coat of arms. (5) Section 711 relating to ‘‘Smokey Bear’’ character or name. (6) Section 711a relating to ‘‘Woodsy Owl’’ character, name, or slogan. (7) Section 715 relating to ‘‘The Golden Eagle Insignia’’. (8) Chapter 89—Professions and Occupations. (9) Section 1921 relating to receiving Federal employees’ compensation after marriage. 
(a) T ABLE OF CHAPTERS FOR TITLE 18.—The table of chapters for title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to chapter 89. (b) TABLE OF SECTIONS FOR CHAPTER 3.— The table of sections for chapter 3 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 46. (c) TABLE OF SECTIONS FOR CHAPTER 25.— The table of sections for chapter 25 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 511A. (d) TABLE OF SECTIONS FOR CHAPTER 33.— The table of sections for chapter 33 of title 18, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking the item relating to section 707; (2) by striking the item relating to section 708; (3) by striking the item relating to section 711; (4) by striking the item relating to section 711a; and (5) by striking the item relating to section 715. (e) TABLE OF SECTIONS FOR CHAPTER 39.— The table of sections for chapter 93 of title 18, United States Code, is amended by striking the item relating to section 1921. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials to H.R. 7093, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this bill is in part a response to the work of the current committee’s OverCriminalization Task Force. The Judiciary Committee created this task force to look at the growing problems of overcriminalization and overFederalization of criminal law. The bill before us adheres to these principles by eliminating several sections of the Federal Criminal Code that have either never been charged, criminalized conduct that should not land someone in Federal prison, such as unauthorized use of the Woodsy Owl image or slogan, or both. This is a sensible, goodgovernment measure, and I urge my colleagues to support it. Mr. Speaker, I would also like to thank the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. CHABOT ) for his work on this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I might consume. Mr. Speaker, I join with the manager of the bill to support H.R. 7093, the Clean Up the Code Act, as a measure that takes a small step toward addressing the problem of overcriminalization as a result of the hard work of the OverCriminalization Task Force, of which we look forward to continuing in the next Congress. This bill repeals several criminal penalties for violations that do not involve serious wrongdoing, or at least not serious enough to warrant criminal prosecution and the consequences of a criminal record. For example, this bill repeals laws that make the unauthorized forprofit use of the Smoky the Bear and Woodsy Owl characters punishable by fine and/or imprisonment for up to 6 months. The conduct that these laws are designed to deter or punish certainly do not merit criminal sanctions. 
We are grateful for the Clean Up the Code Act, and I ask my colleagues to support H.R. 7093. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of H.R. 7093, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I would like to recognize and thank for their efforts Representative STEVE  CHABOT and Representative H ANKJOHNSONfor their work on this bill. I ask my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7093. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
JUSTICE AGAINST CORRUPTION ON K STREET ACT OF 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2896) to require disclosure by lobbyists of convictions for bribery, extortion, embezzlement, illegal kickbacks, tax evasion, fraud, conflicts of interest, making false statements, perjury, or money laundering. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2896 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Justice Against Corruption on K Street Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘JACK Act’’. 
(a) R EGISTRATION .—Section 4(b) of the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1603(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (6), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by inserting after paragraph (6) the following: ‘‘(7) for any listed lobbyist who was convicted in a Federal or State court of an offense involving bribery, extortion, embezzlement, an illegal kickback, tax evasion, fraud, a conflict of interest, making a false statement, perjury, or money laundering, the date of the conviction and a description of the offense.’’. (b) QUARTERLY REPORTS .—Section 5(b) of the Lobbying Disclosure Act of 1995 (2 U.S.C. 1604(b)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in paragraph (5), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(6) for any listed lobbyist who was convicted in a Federal or State court of an offense involving bribery, extortion, embezzlement, an illegal kickback, tax evasion, fraud, a conflict of interest, making a false statement, perjury, or money laundering, the date of the conviction and a description of the offense.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 2896, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I support S. 2896, the JACK Act. This bill applies to the penalties for failure to disclose under the Lobbying Disclosure Act, failure to disclose State or Federal court convictions for the offences of bribery, extortion, embezzlement, fraud, and tax evasion. Mr. Speaker, I would urge all my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise as well in support of S. 2896, the Justice Against Corruption on K Street Act of 2018, also known as the JACK Act. The JACK Act would require lobbyists to publicly disclose any State or Federal convictions for certain crimes of character, such as bribery, extortion, embezzlement, illegal kickbacks, tax evasion, fraud, conflicts of interest, making false statements, perjury, or money laundering. As many of you have known, this bill impacts lobbyists and impacts individuals, such as Mr. Abramoff, who pleaded guilty to a number of counts in 2006. This is an important bill that was sponsored by Mr. COHEN , and I ask my colleagues to support this legislation, again, S. 2896, the Justice Against Corruption on K Street Act of 2018, the JACK Act. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of S. 2896, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2896. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
VICTIMS OF CHILD ABUSE REAUTHORIZATION ACT of 2018 Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2961) to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2961 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Victims of Child Abuse Act Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Section 211 of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (34 U.S.C. 20301) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘2,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘3,300,000’’; (2) in paragraph (6)— (A) by inserting ‘‘improve positive outcomes for the child,’’ before ‘‘and increase’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (3) in paragraph (7), by striking ‘‘could be duplicated in many jurisdictions throughout the country.’’ and inserting ‘‘have expanded dramatically throughout the United States; and’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) State chapters of children’s advocacy center networks are needed to— ‘‘(A) assist local communities in coordinating their multidisciplinary child abuse investigation, prosecution, and intervention services; and ‘‘(B) provide oversight of, and training and technical assistance in, the effective delivery of evidenceinformed programming.’’. (b) DEFINITIONS .—Section 212 of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (34 U.S.C. 20302) is amended— (1) by striking paragraphs (3) and (6); (2) by redesignating paragraphs (4), (5), (7), (8), and (9) as paragraphs (3), (4), (5), (6), and (7), respectively; (3) in paragraph (6), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (4) in paragraph (7), as so redesignated, by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) the term ‘State chapter’ means a membership organization that provides technical assistance, training, coordination, grant administration, oversight, and support to local children’s advocacy centers, multidisciplinary teams, and communities working to implement a multidisciplinary response to child abuse in the provision of evidenceinformed initiatives, including mental health counseling, forensic interviewing, multidisciplinary team coordination, and victim advocacy.’’. (c) REGIONAL CHILDREN ’SADVOCACY CENTERS .—Section 213 of the Victims of Child 
Abuse Act of 1990 (34 U.S.C. 20303) is amended— (1) in subsection (a)— (A) in the matter preceding paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘with the Director and’’ (B) by striking paragraph (2); (C) by redesignating paragraphs (3) and (4) as paragraphs (2) and (3), respectively; (D) in paragraph (2), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (E) in paragraph (3), as so redesignated— (i) by inserting after ‘‘mental health care professionals’’ the following: ‘‘, law enforcement officers, child protective service workers, forensic interviewers, prosecutors, and victim advocates,’’; (ii) by striking ‘‘medical’’ each place that term appears; and (iii) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (F) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) collaborate with State chapters to provide training, technical assistance, coordination, and oversight to— ‘‘(A) local children’s advocacy centers; and ‘‘(B) communities that want to develop local children’s advocacy centers.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘, in coordination with the Director,’’; (ii) in subparagraph (A), by inserting ‘‘and’’ at the end; (iii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the prevention, judicial handling, and treatment of child abuse and neglect; and’’ and inserting ‘‘multidisciplinary team investigation, traumainformed interventions, and evidenceinformed treatment,’’; and (iv) by striking subparagraph (C); and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A)— (I) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘communities’’ and inserting ‘‘communities, local children’s advocacy centers, multidisciplinary teams, and State chapters’’; (II) in clause (i), by inserting ‘‘and expanding’’ after ‘‘developing’’; (III) by redesignating clauses (ii) through (x) as clauses (iii) through (xi), respectively; (IV) by inserting after clause (i) the following: ‘‘(ii) in promoting the effective delivery of the evidenceinformed Children’s Advocacy Model and the multidisciplinary response to child abuse, including best practices in— ‘‘(I) organizational support and development; ‘‘(II) programmatic evaluation; and ‘‘(III) financial oversight of Federal funding;’’; (V) in clause (iii), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘a freestanding facility where interviews of and services for abused children can be provided’’ and inserting ‘‘childfriendly facilities for the investigation of, assessment of, and intervention in abuse’’; and (VI) in clause (iv), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘multiple’’ and inserting ‘‘duplicative’’; and (ii) in subparagraph (B), by inserting ‘‘and interested communities’’ after ‘‘advocacy centers’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (2)(C), by striking ‘‘remedial counseling to’’ and inserting ‘‘evidence informed services for’’; (B) in paragraph (3)(A)(ii), by striking ‘‘multidisciplinary child abuse program’’ and inserting ‘‘children’s advocacy center’’; and (C) in paragraph (4)(B)— (i) in the matter preceding clause (i), by striking ‘‘, in coordination with the Director,’’; (ii) by striking clause (iii); and (iii) by redesignating clauses (iv) and (v) as clauses (iii) and (iv), respectively; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) in paragraph (1), by striking ‘‘, in coordination with the Director,’’; (B) in paragraph (2), in the matter preceding subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘and the Director’’; and (C) in paragraph (3), by striking ‘‘DISCONTINUATION OF FUNDING .—’’ and all that follows through ‘‘Upon discontinuation’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘DISCONTINUATION OF  
FUNDING .—Upon discontinuation’’; and (5) by striking subsections (e) and (f). (d) LOCAL CHILDREN ’SADVOCACY CENTERS .—Section 214 of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (34 U.S.C. 20304) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (a) and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—The Administrator, in coordination with the Director of the Office of Victims of Crime, shall make grants to— ‘‘(1) develop and enhance multidisciplinary child abuse investigations, intervention, and prosecution; and ‘‘(2) promote the effective delivery of the evidenceinformed Children’s Advocacy Model and the multidisciplinary response to child abuse, including best practices in programmatic evaluation and financial oversight of Federal funding.’’; (2) in subsection (b)— (A) in the subsection heading, by inserting ‘‘HUMAN TRAFFICKING AND ’’ before ‘‘C HILD PORNOGRAPHY ’’; (B) by striking ‘‘with the Director and’’; and (C) by inserting ‘‘human trafficking and’’ before ‘‘child pornography’’; (3) in subsection (c)— (A) in paragraph (1)— (i) by striking ‘‘Director’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; and (ii) by striking ‘‘this section’’ and inserting ‘‘subsections (a) and (b)’’; and (B) in paragraph (2)— (i) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘social service’’ and inserting ‘‘child protective service’’; (ii) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘the ‘counseling center’’’ and inserting ‘‘a ‘children’s advocacy center’’’; (iii) in subparagraph (C), by striking ‘‘sexual and serious physical abuse and neglect cases to the counseling center’’ and inserting ‘‘child abuse cases that meet designated referral criteria to the children’s advocacy center’’; (iv) in subparagraph (D)— (I) by striking ‘‘investigative’’ and inserting ‘‘forensic’’; and (II) by striking ‘‘social service’’ and inserting ‘‘child protective service’’; (v) by striking subparagraph (E); (vi) by redesignating subparagraphs (F) through (J) as subparagraphs (E) through (I), respectively; (vii) in subparagraph (E), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘counseling center’’ and inserting ‘‘children’s advocacy center or an agency with which there is a linkage agreement regarding the delivery of multidisciplinary child abuse investigation, prosecution, and intervention services’’; (viii) in subparagraph (F), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘minimize the number of interviews that a child victim must attend’’ and inserting ‘‘eliminate duplicative forensic interviews with a child victim’’; (ix) in subparagraph (G), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘multidisciplinary program’’ and inserting ‘‘children’s advocacy center’’; (x) in subparagraph (H), as so redesignated, by inserting ‘‘intervention and’’ before ‘‘judicial proceedings’’; and (xi) in subparagraph (I), as so redesignated, by striking ‘‘Director’’ and inserting ‘‘Administrator’’; (4) in subsection (d)— (A) by striking ‘‘the Director’’ and inserting ‘‘the Administrator’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘both large and small States’’ and inserting ‘‘all States that are eligible for such grants, including large and small States,’’; and (5) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(f) GRANTS TO STATE CHAPTERS FOR ASSISTANCE TO LOCAL CHILDREN ’SADVOCACY  CENTERS .—In awarding grants under this section, the Administrator shall ensure that a portion of the grants is distributed to State chapters to enable State chapters to provide technical assistance, training, coordination, and oversight to other recipients of grants under this section in providing evidenceinformed initiatives, including mental health counseling, forensic interviewing, multidisciplinary team coordination, and victim advocacy.’’. (e) GRANTS FOR SPECIALIZED TECHNICAL ASSISTANCE AND TRAINING PROGRAMS .—Section 214A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (34 U.S.C. 20305) is amended— (1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘to attorneys’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘to— ‘‘(1) attorneys and other allied professionals instrumental to the criminal prosecution of child abuse cases in State or Federal courts, for the purpose of improving the quality of criminal prosecution of such cases; and ‘‘(2) child abuse professionals instrumental to the protection of children, intervention in child abuse cases, and treatment of victims of child abuse, for the purpose of— ‘‘(A) improving the quality of such protection, intervention, and treatment; and ‘‘(B) promoting the effective delivery of the evidenceinformed Children’s Advocacy Model and the multidisciplinary response to child abuse, including best practices in programmatic evaluation and financial oversight of Federal funding.’’; (2) by striking subsection (b) and inserting the following: ‘‘(b) GRANTEE ORGANIZATIONS .— ‘‘(1) PROSECUTORS .—An organization to which a grant is made for specific training and technical assistance for prosecutors under subsection (a)(1) shall be one that has— ‘‘(A) a broad representation of attorneys who prosecute criminal cases in State courts; and ‘‘(B) demonstrated experience in providing training and technical assistance for prosecutors. ‘‘(2) CHILD ABUSE PROFESSIONALS .—An orga nization to which a grant is made for specific training and technical assistance for child abuse professionals under subsection (a)(2) shall be one that has— ‘‘(A) a diverse portfolio of training and technical resources for the diverse professionals responding to child abuse, including a digital library to promote evidenceinformed practice; and ‘‘(B) demonstrated experience in providing training and technical assistance for child abuse professionals, especially law enforcement officers, child protective service workers, prosecutors, forensic interviewers, medical professionals, victim advocates, and mental health professionals.’’; and (3) in subsection (c)(2), by inserting after ‘‘shall require’’ the following: ‘‘, in the case of a grant made under subsection (a)(1),’’. (f) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 214B of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (34 U.S.C. 20306) is amended— 
(1) in subsection (a), by striking ‘‘sections 213 and 214’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘sections 213 and 214, $16,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’; and (2) in subsection (b), by striking ‘‘section 214A’’ and all that follows and inserting the following: ‘‘section 214A, $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023.’’. (g) ACCOUNTABILITY .—Section 214C of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (34 U.S.C. 20307) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘All grants awarded’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(a) INGENERAL .—All grants awarded’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(b) REPORTING .—Not later than March 1 of each year, the Attorney General shall submit to the Committee on the Judiciary of the Senate and the Committee on the Judiciary of the House of Representatives a report that— ‘‘(1) summarizes the efforts of the Administrator to monitor and evaluate the regional children’s advocacy program activities under section 213(d); ‘‘(2) describes— ‘‘(A) the method by which amounts are allocated to grantees and subgrantees under this subtitle, including to local children’s advocacy centers, State chapters, and regional children’s advocacy program centers; and ‘‘(B) steps the Attorney General has taken to minimize duplication and overlap in the awarding of amounts under this subtitle; and ‘‘(3) analyzes the extent to which both rural and urban populations are served under the regional children’s advocacy program.’’. (h) TECHNICAL AND CONFORMING AMEND MENTS RELATING TO TITLE 34, U NITED STATES  CODE.—The Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990 (34 U.S.C. 20301 et seq.) is amended— (1) in section 212(1) (34 U.S.C. 20302), by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 5611(b))’’ and inserting ‘‘(34 U.S.C. 11111(b))’’; (2) in section 214(c)(1) (34 U.S.C. 20304(c)(1)), by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 5665 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(34 U.S.C. 11183, 11186)’’; (3) in section 214A(c)(1) (34 U.S.C. 20305(c)(1)), by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 5665 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(34 U.S.C. 11183, 11186)’’; (4) in section 217(c)(1) (34 U.S.C. 20323(c)(1)), by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 5665 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(34 U.S.C. 11183, 11186)’’; and (5) in section 223(c) (34 U.S.C. 20333(c)), by striking ‘‘(42 U.S.C. 5665 et seq.)’’ and inserting ‘‘(34 U.S.C. 11183, 11186)’’. 
SEC. 3. IMMUNITY PROTECTIONS FOR REPORTERS OF CHILD ABUSE. 
(a) S TATE PLANS .—Section 106(b)(2)(B)(vii) of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act (42 U.S.C. 5106a(b)(2)(B)(vii)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(vii) provisions for immunity from civil or criminal liability under State and local laws and regulations for individuals making good faith reports of suspected or known instances of child abuse or neglect, or who otherwise provide information or assistance, including medical evaluations or consultations, in connection with a report, investigation, or legal intervention pursuant to a good faith report of child abuse or neglect;’’. (b) FEDERAL IMMUNITY .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, any individual making a good faith report to appropriate authorities of a suspected or known instance of child abuse or neglect, or who otherwise, in good faith, provides information or assistance, including medical evaluations or consultations, in connection with a report, investigation, or legal intervention pursuant to a good faith report of child abuse or neglect shall not be subject to civil liability or criminal prosecution, under any Federal law, rising from making such report or providing such information or assistance. (2) PRESUMPTION OF GOOD FAITH .—In a Fed eral civil action or criminal prosecution brought against a person based on the person’s reporting a suspected or known instance of child abuse or neglect, or providing information or assistance with respect to such a report, as described in paragraph (1), there shall be a presumption that the person acted in good faith. (3) COSTS.—If the defendant prevails in a Federal civil action described in paragraph (2), the court may award costs and reasonable attorney’s fees incurred by the defendant. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Georgia. 
Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on S. 2961, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Georgia? There was no objection. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this legislation takes a number of positive steps to protect children; for example, it reauthorizes the appropriation of Federal grant funds until 2023 for the Department of Justice programs to prevent child abuse and assist victims of such crimes. In doing so, the bill also provides important liability protection for mandatory reporters such as, and including, pediatricians, educators, and law enforcement. This will protect these individuals from criminal and civil liability from not just reporting suspected child abuse, which they are mandated to do, but also for assisting with investigations of suspected child abuse. Mr. Speaker, as a father, I can think of no greater responsibility than protecting the most vulnerable among us, our children. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I might consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2961, the Victims of Child Abuse Act Reauthorization. This bill updates and reauthorizes this important law so that we can better prevent and address child abuse in our communities. This is very important legislation, just for the fact of the number of children that are abused. In my own community in Texas and in the city of Houston, we have had some atrocious cases; one just reported in our newspaper of a 5yearold under a stairwell, locked, lying flat on his back, weighing 70 pounds, with no food and water, abused by two parents, the stepchild of one of the parents. What a horrific and horrible life. The Administration for Children and Families reported that over 4.1 million referrals for 7.4 million children were made to Child Protective Services in the United States in 2016. Our Federal Government must provide resources to ensure that these cases are carefully, compassionately, and comprehensively addressed at the local level. This bill recognizes the sensitivity of these issues and helps integrate social services, mental and physical healthcare, and law enforcement. With the resources and legislative updates in this bill, child advocacy centers can extend their outreach to underserved communities and expand programs, such as offering longer term counseling. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Representatives POEand C OSTA here in the House and Senators BLUNT and C OONS  in the Senate for leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLLINS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, again I just want to emphasize it couldn’t be a better day for us, especially with the First Step Act and the things we are moving forward on criminal justice. I join the gentlewoman from Texas in saying this is a good bill, and I urge adoption. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD several letters dealing with S. 756: a letter from the ACLU; a letter from the Judicial Conference of the United States; and a letter from the Center for American Progress. 
THELEADERSHIP CONFERENCE , ACLU, Washington, DC, December 19, 2018. Re THE ACLU AND THE LEADERSHIP CONFERENCE URGE YOU TO SUPPORT 5.756, THE FIRST STEP Act. Hon. PAULD. R YAN, Speaker, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. Hon. NANCY PELOSI , Minority Leader, House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEARSPEAKER RYAN AND MINORITY LEADER  PELOSI : On behalf of the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, we write to urge you to vote YES on S. 756, the FIRST STEP Act. This legislation is a next step towards desperately needed federal criminal justice reform, but for all its benefits, much more needs to be done. The inclusion of concrete sentencing reforms in the new and improved Senate version of the FIRST STEP Act is a modest improvement, but many people will be left in prison to serve long draconian sentences because some provisions of the legislation are not retroactive. The revised FIRST STEP Act, however, is not without problems. The bill continues to exclude individuals from benefiting from some provisions based solely on their 
prior offenses, namely citizenship and immigration status, as well as certain prior drug convictions and their ‘‘risk score’’ as determined by a discriminatory risk assessment system. While these concerns remain a priority for our organizations and we will advocate for improvements in the future, ultimately the improvements to the federal sentencing scheme will have a net positive impact on the lives of some of the people harmed by our broken justice system and we urge you to vote YES on S. 756. The ACLU and The Leadership Conference will include your votes on our updated voting scorecards for the 115th Congress. Over the past four to five decades, U.S. criminal justice policies have driven an increase in incarceration rates that is unprecedented in this country and unmatched elsewhere in the world. Our country has over 20 percent of the world’s incarcerated individuals, despite having less than five percent of the world’s population. In 2015, the U.S. Justice Department’s Bureau of Justice Statistics estimated that 6.7 million persons were involved in the adult correctional systems in this country and almost 2.2 millions were in prisons or jail. More than 180,000 of these people are in federal prison, almost half of whom are there for drug offenses. The most recent data indicate that the United States spends almost $81 billion per year on corrections systems—prisons, jails, parole, and probation—and this figure does not include the costs of policing and court systems. The cost of the federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) accounts for nearly a third of the Department of Justice’s discretionary budget. Federal incarceration has become one of our nation’s biggest expenditures, swallowing the budget of federal law enforcement. It costs more than $36,000 a year to house just one federal inmate, almost four times the average yearly cost of tuition at a public university. While the dollar amounts are astounding, the toll that our U.S. criminal justice policies have taken on black and brown communities across the nation goes far beyond the enormous amount of money that is spent. This country’s extraordinary incarceration rates impose much greater costs than simply the fiscal expenditures necessary to incarcerate over 20 percent of the world’s prisoners. The true costs of this country’s addiction to incarceration must be measured in human lives and particularly the generations of young black and Latino men who serve long prison sentences and are lost to their families and communities. The Senate version of the FIRST STEP Act makes some modest improvements to the current federal system. I. Sentencing Reform Changes to House passed FIRST STEP Act—Sentencing reform is the key to slowing down the flow of people going into our prisons. This makes sentencing reform pivotal to addressing mass incarceration, prison overcrowding, and the exorbitant costs of incarceration. As a result of our coalition’s advocacy, the new FIRST STEP Act added some important sentencing reform provisions from SRCA, which will aid us in tackling these issues on the federal level. These important changes in federal law will result in fewer people being subjected to harsh mandatory minimums. Expands the Existing Safety Valve. The revised bill expands eligibility for the existing safety valve under 18 U.S.C. 3553(f) from one to four criminal history points if a person does not have prior 2point convictions for crimes of violence or drug trafficking offenses and prior 3point convictions. Under the expanded safety valve, judges will have discretion to make a person eligible for the safety valve in cases where the seriousness of his or her criminal history is overrepresented, or it is unlikely he or she would commit other crimes. This crucial expansion of the safety valve will reduce sentences for an estimated 2,100 people per year. Retroactive Application of Fair Sentencing Act (FSA). The new version of FIRST STEP Act would retroactively apply the statutory changes of the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010 (FSA), which reduced the disparity in sentence lengths between crack and powder cocaine. This change in the law will allow people who were sentenced under the harsh and discriminatory 100 to 1 crack to powder cocaine ratio to be resentenced under the 2010 law. This long overdue improvement would allow over 2,600 people the chance to be resentenced. Reforms the Unfair TwoStrikes and ThreeStrikes Laws. The new version of FIRST STEP would reduce the impact of certain mandatory minimums. It would reduce the mandatory life sentence for a third drug felony to a mandatory minimum sentence of 25 years and reduce the 20year mandatory minimum for a second drug felony to 15 years. Eliminates 924(c) ‘‘stacking’’. The revised bill would also amend 18 U.S.C. 924(c), which currently allows ‘‘stacking,’’ or consecutive sentences for gun charges stemming from a single incident committed during a drug crime or a crime of violence. The legislation would require a prior gun conviction to be final before a person could be subject to an enhanced sentence for possession of a firearm. This provision in federal law has resulted in very long and unjust sentences. II. Prison Reform Changes to Housepassed FIRST STEP Act, H.R. 3356—The revised bill also made some strides in improving some of the problematic prison reform provisions. The new bill strengthened oversight over the new risk assessment system, limited the discretion of the attorney general, and increased funding for prison programming, among other things. The bill now does the following: Establishes an Independent Review Committee. The revised bill establishes an Independent Review Committee (IRC) of outside experts to assist the Attorney General in the development of the risk and needs assessment system. The National Institute of Justice would select a nonpartisan, nonprofit organization with expertise in risk and needs assessments to host the IRC. This added guardrail will help to ensure the risk and needs assessment system is evidencebased and potentially help to mitigate any harms. Permits Early Community Release and Loosens Restrictions on Home Confinement. The Housepassed FIRST STEP Act limited the use of earned credits to time in prerelease custody (halfway house or home confinement). The revised bill would expand the use of earned credits to supervised release in the community. The bill also would permit individuals in home confinement to participate in familyrelated activities that facilitate the prisoner’s successful reentry. Increased Funding for Prison Reforms. The revised bill would authorize $75 million annually, a 50 percent increase over the House passed bill’s $50 million annual authorization. Limits Discretion to Deny Early Release. The revised bill strikes language giving the BOP Director and/or the prison warden broad discretion to deny release to individuals who meet all eligibility criteria. Mandates BOP Capacity. The revised bill mandates that BOP ensure there is sufficient prerelease custody capacity to accommodate all eligible prisoners. This helps to address concerns that individuals would be unable to use their earned credits because of waiting lists for prerelease custody. Effectively Ends Federal Juvenile Solitary Confinement. The revised bill significantly restricts juvenile solitary confinement, which can cause substantial psychological damage. Reauthorizes Second Chance Act. The revised bill reauthorizes the Second Chance Act, which provides federal funding for drug treatment, vocational training, and other reentry and recidivism programming. While these revisions to the bill were critical to garnering our support, we must acknowledge that some of the more concerning aspects of the Housepassed version of the FIRST STEP Act remain. III. Outstanding Concerns Regarding the FIRST STEP Act—The bill continues to exclude too many people from earning time credits, including those convicted of immigrationrelated offenses. It does not retroactively apply its sentencing reform provisions to people convicted of anything other than crack convictions, continues to allow forprofit companies to benefit off of incarceration, fails to address parole for juveniles serving life sentences in federal prison, and expands electronic monitoring. Fails to Include Retroactivity for Enhanced Mandatory Minimum Sentences for Prior Drug Offenses & 924(c) ‘‘stacking.’’ The bill does not include retroactivity for its sentencing reforms besides the longawaited retroactivity for the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010. This minimizes the overall impact substantially. Retroactivity is a vital part of any meaningful sentencing reform. Not only does it ensure that the changes we make to our criminal justice system benefit the people most impacted by it, but it’s also one of the essential policy changes to reduce mass incarceration. The federal prison population has fallen by over 38,000 since 2013 thanks in large part to retroactive application of sentencing guidelines approved by the U.S. Sentencing Commission. More than 3,000 people will be left in prison without retroactive application of the ‘‘three strikes’’ law and the change to the 924(c) provisions in the FIRST STEP Act. Excludes Too Many Federal Prisoners from New Earned Time Credits. The bill continues to exclude many federal prisoners from earning time credits and excludes many federal prisoners from being able to ‘‘cash in’’ the credits they earn. The long list of exclusions in the bill sweep in, for example, those convicted of certain immigration offenses and drug offenses. Because immigration and drug offenses account for 53.3 percent of the total federal prison population, many people could be excluded from utilizing the time credits they earned after completing programming. The continued exclusion of immigrants from the many benefits of the bill simply based on immigration status is deeply troubling. The Senate version of FIRST STEP maintains a categorical exclusion of people convicted of certain immigration offenses from earning time credits under the bill. The new version of the bill also bars individuals from using the time credits they have earned if they have a final order of removal. More than 12,000 people are currently in federal prison for immigration offenses and are disproportionately people of color. Thus, a very large number of people in federal prison would not reap the benefits proposed in this bill and a disproportionate number of those excluded would be people of color. Denying earlyrelease credits to certain people also reduces their incentive to complete the rehabilitative programs and contradicts the goal of increasing public safety. Any reforms enacted by Congress should impact a significant number of people in federal prison and reduce racial disparities or they will have little effect on the fiscal and human costs of incarceration. 
Allows Private Prison Companies to Profit. The bill also maintains concerning provisions that could privatize government functions and allow the Attorney General excessive discretion. FIRST STEP provides that in order to expand programming, BOP shall enter into partnerships with private organizations and companies under policies developed by the Attorney General, ‘‘subject to appropriations.’’ This could result in the further privatization of what should be public functions and would allow private entities to unduly profit from incarceration. Relies on Discriminatory Risk Assessment System. The bill continues to give the Bureau of Prisons and the Attorney General too much discretion in the design, implementation, and review of the tool, including the ability for the BOP to use an existing tool. It also continues to misuse terminology (i.e. recidivism risk vs. risk categories), inappropriately ties risk categories to earned time credits, and fails to properly safeguard against unwarranted racial disparities. Fails to Include Parole for Juveniles, Sealing and Expungement. Under SRCA, judges would have discretion to reduce juvenile life without parole sentences after 20 years. It would also permit some juveniles to seal or expunge nonviolent convictions from their record. The FIRST STEP Act does not address these important bipartisan provisions. IV. Conclusion Bringing fairness and dignity to our justice system is one of the most important civil and human rights issues of our time. The revised version of the FIRST STEP Act is a modest, but important move towards achieving some meaningful reform to the criminal legal system. While the bill continues to have its problems, and we will fight to address those in the future, it does include concrete sentencing reforms that would impact people’s lives. For these reasons, we urge you to vote YES on S. 756. Ultimately, the First Step Act is not the end—it is just the next in a series of efforts over the past 10 years to achieve important federal criminal justice reform. Congress must take many more steps to undo the harms of the tough on crime policies of the 80’s and 90’s—to create a system that is just and equitable, significantly reduces the number of people unnecessarily entering the system, eliminates racial disparities, and creates opportunities for second chances. If you have any additional questions, please feel free to contact Jesselyn McCurdy, Deputy Director, ACLU Washington Legislative Office, at jmccurd@aclu.org or (202) 675– 2307 or Sakira Cook, Director, Justice Program, The Leadership Conference, at cook@civilrights.org or (202) 263–2894. Sincerely, FAIZSHAKIR , National Political Director, ACLU, National Political Advocacy Dept. JESSELYN MCCURDY , Deputy Director, ACLU, Washington Legislative Office. VANITA GUPTA , President & CEO, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights. SAKIRA COOK, DIRECTOR , Justice Program, The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights. JUDICIAL CONFERENCE OF  THEUNITED STATES , Washington, DC, November 30, 2018. Hon. CHARLES E. G RASSLEY , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. DEAR MR. CHAIRMAN : I write on behalf of the Judicial Conference of the United States, the policymaking body for the federal Judiciary, regarding S. 3649, the ‘‘First Step Act,’’ which was introduced on November 15, 2018. The Judiciary strongly supports many of the reforms proposed by S. 3649. We note that several provisions, however, will impose new workload requirements on the federal Judiciary, particularly on judges and our probation system, which will necessitate additional resources. 
TITLE I : RECIDIVISM REDUCTION  We greatly appreciate that, unlike several of its legislative predecessors, S. 3649 would not require Article III judges to exercise powers that traditionally have been exercised by officials in the executive branch in deciding whether an inmate may be allowed to serve a portion of his or her prison sentence in the community. Such decisions are in the nature of parole and therefore we agree that they are more appropriately made by the executive branch, which has direct contact with the inmates and the most accurate and uptodate information about their conduct and condition. We remain concerned, however, about the resources that the federal probation system would be required to expend to ensure the effective implementation of S. 3649. Specifically, one of this bill’s predecessors—H.R. 3356, the ‘‘Prison Reform and Redemption Act’’—required the Director of the Bureau of Prisons (‘‘BOP’’) to ‘‘provide for the transfer of such funds as may be necessary’’ to the federal probation system to ‘‘supervise prisoners placed in home confinement or community supervision.’’ Unfortunately, this language is omitted from S. 3649 in favor of a more general statement that agreements between BOP and the federal probation system should ‘‘take into account’’ the resource requirements of the federal probation system ‘‘to the greatest extent practicable’’ when moving prisoners to prerelease custody or supervised release. Our position has been that reimbursement authority is preferable to transfer authority, and we are concerned that the explicit deletion of the transfer provision found in H.R. 3356 could be read as communicating a lack of support for the underlying concept that the probation and pretrial services system must be provided with the resources necessary to execute its new responsibilities. Further, Sections 101 and 104 of S. 3649 indicate that recidivism reduction activities at the BOP (potentially including the costs of funding agreements with the probation system under Section 102) should be covered by the ‘‘savings’’ realized as a result of the implementation of this title. This may be an insufficient or unreliable source of funding because much of the ‘‘savings’’ will be in the form of future cost avoidances rather than current excess appropriations that could be reinvested. Without the provision of such resources in future appropriations acts and via other funding mechanisms, the Judiciary will be unable to carry out the provisions of the bill as intended without diverting resources from other critical activities that are needed to ensure public safety and the efficient administration of justice. In addition to our concerns about resources that will be needed, we also ask that you consider amending S. 3649 to include the Judicial Conference’s legislative proposal to allow federal probation officers to conduct their official duties more safely—which include conducting searches and seizing contraband—by authorizing probation officers to arrest anyone who assaults, impedes, or interferes with them while carrying out official duties. This legislation already has passed the House of Representatives this Congress, and has been referred to the Senate Judiciary Committee. TITLE IV : SENTENCING REFORM  For over sixty years, the Judicial Conference has consistently and vigorously opposed mandatory minimum sentencing provisions and has supported measures for their repeal or to ameliorate their effects. Mandatory minimums do not enhance the administration of justice, but have proven to undermine it by wasting valuable taxpayer dollars, creating tremendous injustice in sentencing, undermining guideline sentencing, and ultimately fostering a lack of confidence in the criminal justice system. S. 3649 would reduce mandatory minimum sentences for certain offenses, which the Judicial Conference supports. Moreover, Section 402 would expand the existing safety valve, which is consistent with the Conference’s support for ‘‘legislation . . . that is designed to restore judges’ sentencing discretion and avoid the costs associated with mandatory minimum sentences.’’ The Conference continues to pursue its overriding goal of persuading Congress to reduce or repeal mandatory minimum sentences. The Judicial Conference supports the amendment to 18 U.S.C. 924(c)(1)(C), contained in Section 403 of S. 3649, that would clarify that the additional consecutive penalties apply only to true repeat offenders, i.e., those with one or more convictions that have become final prior to the commission of such offense. Section 924(c)(1)(C) compounds the problems created by mandatory minimums, however, by treating multiple Section 924(c) counts in one indictment as triggers of the statute’s secondorsubsequent conviction mandatory minimums. Section 404 of S. 3649 would retroactively apply the ‘‘Fair Sentencing Act of 2010,’’ which reduced the disparity between sentences for crack and powder cocaine offenses, to inmates who had been sentenced prior to its August 3, 2010, enactment date. This proposal is consistent with the Judicial Conference’s strategy to restore fairness to the sentences for defendants convicted of crack cocaine offenses. Noting concern that the disparity between the sentences for powder and crack cocaine offenses could have a corrosive effect on public confidence in the courts, the Conference agreed to oppose that disparity and supported its reduction. 
TITLE V : MISCELLANEOUS CRIMINAL JUSTICE  We appreciate that Section 509 of S. 3649 would help to ensure the supervision of released sexually dangerous persons. In the interest of ensuring public safety, the Judicial Conference supports giving probation officers clear statutory authority to supervise these offenders, and we are pleased to see it included in this legislation. We are concerned with the potential impact of Section 503(b), which would amend 18 U.S.C. 3582(c)(1)(A) to allow a defendant to bring a motion on his or her own behalf for modification of an imposed term of imprisonment, commonly known as compassionate release. This amendment could result in premature motions to federal courts, before administrative appeals have been fully exhausted, thereby forcing federal judges to decide these motions on an incomplete or undeveloped record. Depending on how BOP implements this provision, additional judicial resources could be required to handle petitions for compassionate release filed by prisoners when a warden fails to act on a prisoner’s request for such relief. It is also unclear whether the defendant would be entitled to counsel for this process, including 
courtappointed counsel. We may be in touch with further observations or concerns after the Judicial Conference has studied this issue in detail. Relatedly, the Judicial Conference supports expanding judges’ authority to terminate supervised release for compassionately released inmates. Ongoing supervision of certain offenders, such as those in hospice care, may be wasteful of public resources. 
CONFERENCE  The Judicial Conference believes that the Sentencing Commission would benefit by having a federal defender representative as a nonvoting member. Prosecutors currently are ably represented in the Commission’s proceedings by the ex officio nonvoting member assigned to the Attorney General or his designee. Notably, although S. 3649 would implement sweeping sentencing and prison reforms, it does not address the pretrial system. Section 4285 of title 18, U.S. Code, currently authorizes courts to order the United States Marshals Service (‘‘USMS’’) to provide a released defendant with noncustodial transportation and subsistence to the court where that individual’s appearance is required, when the interests of justice would be served and the client is financially unable to pay transportation costs. The Judicial Conference supports giving courts the discretion, in the interests of justice, to order the USMS to furnish, when financially necessary, transportation and subsistence (lodging and food) for defendants returning home from court proceedings, and subsistence while attending such proceedings, including for successive court appearances. This provision would not be applicable for a defendant found by the court to be financially able to cover these costs. Draft statutory language for each of the aforementioned proposed reforms was submitted to your office earlier this Congress and is attached. Section 3142(e) of title 18, U.S. Code, creates a presumption that certain defendants should be detained pending trial because a court cannot craft conditions of supervision that would reasonably assure both the safety of the community and the defendant’s appearance at court proceedings. The statute identifies several categories of defendants to whom this presumption applies, including those charged with specific drug trafficking offenses, and places the burden on a defendant to rebut the presumption for detention. In keeping with its support of evidencebased supervision practices, the Administrative Office of the U.S. Courts conducted a study analyzing data collected from a tenyear period. The study reveals that a sizeable segment of lowrisk defendants fall into the category of drug traffickers subject to the presumption of detention. The study concluded that these defendants are detained at a high rate, even when their criminal histories and other applicable risk factors indicate that they pose a low risk of either reoffending or absconding while on pretrial release, and arguably should be released for pretrial supervision. Legal, policy, and budgetary factors—including the presumption of innocence and the relative costs of incarceration versus pretrial supervision—support reducing unnecessary pretrial detention. Therefore, at its September 2017 meeting, upon recommendation of the Criminal Law Committee, the Judicial Conference endorsed limiting the application of the presumption of detention to defendants whose criminal history suggests that they pose a higher risk of failing to appear or being a danger to the community if released pending trial. This would enable judges to make pretrial release decisions for lowrisk defendants on a case bycase basis. No defendant would be automatically released into the community if this proposal were enacted. We would be glad to provide draft statutory language, as well as an academic article analyzing the aforementioned study, for your consideration. CONCLUSION  Thank you for considering the federal Judiciary’s views on this important legislation. If we may be of further assistance to you in this or any other matter, please do not hesitate to contact us through the Office of Legislative Affairs, Administrative Office of the U. S. Courts. Sincerely, James C. Duff, Secretary. Enclosure. 
NOVEMBER 28, 2018. Hon. MITCH MCCONNELL , Majority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. CHARLES E. G RASSLEY , Chairman, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. CHARLES SCHUMER , Minority Leader, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. Hon. DIANNE FEINSTEIN , Ranking Member, Committee on the Judiciary, U.S. Senate, Washington, DC. DEAR LEADER MCCONNELL , LEADER SCHUMER, CHAIRMAN GRASSLEY AND RANKING MEMBER FEINSTEIN : We, the International Community Corrections Association (ICCA) and National Criminal Justice Association (NCJA), add our voices to the many urging passage of the First Step Act before Congress adjourns for the year. The First Step Act of 2018 (S. 3649) is bipartisan, common sense legislation based on innovations adopted and tested in the states over many years. The bill would require the federal Bureau of Prisons (BOP) to adopt a risk and needs assessment system to determine the recidivism risk of each prisoner as part of the intake process and to provide evidencebased recidivism reduction programming based on each individual’s criminogenic needs. Eligible inmates who successfully complete the recidivism reduction programming and/or other productive activities shall earn time credits allowing them to complete their sentences in a residential reentry center or in home confinement. Further, the bill would require BOP to ensure there is sufficient prerelease custody capacity to accommodate all who are eligible. The First Step Act would also restore judicial discretion for some nonviolent offenses where federal mandatory minimum sentences have been found to be too rigid, reduce the enhanced mandatory minimum sentence for certain firearm offenses, and apply the Fair Sentencing Act of 2010 retroactively. ICCA members have been at the forefront of the evidencebased practices movement for decades. ICCA members operate residential reentry centers and have extensive experience delivering communitybased services to justiceinvolved individuals. NCJA members are the state criminal justice planning agencies who fund and oversee community based services and are responsible for planning across the justice system. NCJA members are keenly aware that successful reentry rests on the provision and quality of communitybased services. ICCA and NCJA look forward to working closely with BOP on implementation of the bill. The First Step Act is important legislation and we urge its swift passage. Sincerely, ELLEN DONNARUMMA . President, International Community Corrections Association. CHRISTIAN KERVICK , President, National Criminal Justice Association. [From the Center for American Progress, Dec. 19, 2018] 
STATEMENT : T HECENTER FOR AMERICAN  PROGRESS APPLAUDS THE SENATE FOR PASSING THE FIRST STEP A CT (By Julia Cusick) WASHINGTON , D.C.—Yesterday, the Senate passed the FIRST STEP Act by an 87–12 bipartisan vote. The bill would reform the federal criminal justice system by revising some sentencing laws and letting judges consider sentences below the mandatory minimum for more people. The legislation would also establish a system of programs to provide incarcerated people with skills and tools to succeed when they go back to their communities after serving their sentence. Following the passage of the bill, Ed Chung, vice president for Criminal justice Reform at the Center for American Progress, provided the following statement: The Center for American Progress applauds the Senate for passing the FIRST STEP Act with overwhelming bipartisan support. The Senate’s version of the legislation, while far from perfect, includes crucial sentencing reforms that safely reduce the footprint of the federal criminal justice system from the front end. Additionally, the Senate added important checks on the U.S. Department of Justice as it creates a risk and needs assessment and a system of programs and education in the Bureau of Prisons. These changes, which were priorities of CAP when we announced our support for the bill, would not have been possible without the leadership of Sens. Dick Durbin (D–IL), Chuck Grassley (RIA), Cory Booker (D–NJ), and Kamala Harris (D–CA). These champions all resisted earlier calls to accept a more moderated version of the bill that omitted sentencing reforms and made sure the legislation was as progressive as possible in the current political climate. We look forward to the House quickly passing this version of the bill followed by enactment of the legislation in the coming days. 
Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support S. 2961 to save our children, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2961. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1215 VETERANS SMALL BUSINESS ENHANCEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the 
bill (S. 2679) to provide access to and manage the distribution of excess or surplus property to veteranowned small businesses. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2679 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Small Business Enhancement Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. ACCESS TO SURPLUS PROPERTY FOR VETERANOWNED SMALL BUSINESSES. 
Section 32 of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 657b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(g) ACCESS TO SURPLUS PROPERTY FOR  VETERAN OWNED SMALL BUSINESSES .— ‘‘(1) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection— ‘‘(A) the term ‘foreign excess property’ has the meaning given the term in section 102 of title 40, United States Code; and ‘‘(B) the term ‘state agency’ has the meaning given the term, including the roles and responsibilities assigned, in section 549 of title 40, United States Code. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENT .—The Administrator, in coordination with the Administrator of General Services, shall provide access to and manage the distribution of surplus property, and foreign excess property returned to a State for handling as surplus property, owned by the United States under chapter 7 of title 40, United States Code, to small business concerns owned and controlled by veterans (as verified by the Secretary of Veterans Affairs under section 8127 of title 38, United States Code) pursuant to a memorandum of agreement between the Administrator, the Administrator of General Services, and the head of the applicable state agency for surplus properties and in accordance with section 549 of title 40, United States Code.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2679, the Veterans Small Business Enhancement Act of 2018. This important, bipartisan legislation, introduced by Senator DUCKWORTH and Senator KENNEDY , aims to help veteran entrepreneurs cut costs and enhance their economic opportunity by giving them access to surplus Federal property. The Federal Surplus Property Program allows certain nongovernment organizations to acquire equipment and property that the Federal Government no longer needs. This legislation adds veteranowned small businesses to the program’s list of eligible recipients, which already includes minorityowned and womenowned small businesses. The Veterans of Foreign Wars, the National Association of State Agencies for Surplus Property, and the American Legion support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close if the gentlewoman from New York is prepared as well after her remarks, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2679, the Veterans Small Business Enhancement Act. Currently, the Federal agencies make their excess property available to other agencies and eligible organizations that serve the public. Today’s bill is a commonsense expansion of the list of eligible entities that receive surplus property. By adding qualified veteranowned small businesses to the list, it ensures veteran entrepreneurs have the resources they need to start and grow. With more than 2.5 million veteran owned small firms, this bill puts them on equal footing with other entities that provide important services to our country. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this important bipartisan legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. MARSHALL ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2679. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
TAXPAYER FIRST ACT OF 2018 Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7227) to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to modernize and improve the Internal Revenue Service, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 7227 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Taxpayer First Act of 2018’’. (b) AMENDMENT OF 1986 C ODE.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this Act an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (c) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this Act is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; etc. TITLE I—PUTTING TAXPAYERS FIRST Subtitle A—Independent Appeals Process Sec. 1001. Establishment of Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals. Subtitle B—Improved Service Sec. 1101. Comprehensive customer service strategy. Sec. 1102. IRS Free File Program. Sec. 1103. Lowincome exception for payments otherwise required in connection with a submission of an offerincompromise. Subtitle C—Sensible Enforcement Sec. 1201. Internal Revenue Service seizure requirements with respect to structuring transactions. Sec. 1202. Exclusion of interest received in action to recover property seized by the Internal Revenue Service based on structuring transaction. Sec. 1203. Clarification of equitable relief from joint liability. Sec. 1204. Modification of procedures for issuance of thirdparty summons. Sec. 1205. Private debt collection and special compliance personnel program. Sec. 1206. Reform of notice of contact of third parties. Sec. 1207. Modification of authority to issue designated summons. Sec. 1208. Limitation on access of nonInternal Revenue Service employees to returns and return information. Subtitle D—Organizational Modernization Sec. 1301. Office of the National Taxpayer Advocate. Sec. 1302. Modernization of Internal Revenue Service organizational structure. Subtitle E—Other Provisions Sec. 1401. Return preparation programs for applicable taxpayers. Sec. 1402. Provision of information regarding lowincome taxpayer clinics. Sec. 1403. Notice from IRS regarding closure of taxpayer assistance centers. Sec. 1404. Rules for seizure and sale of perishable goods restricted to only perishable goods. Sec. 1405. Whistleblower reforms. Sec. 1406. Customer service information. Sec. 1407. Misdirected tax refund deposits. TITLE II—21ST CENTURY IRS Subtitle A—Cybersecurity and Identity Protection Sec. 2001. Publicprivate partnership to address identity theft refund fraud. Sec. 2002. Recommendations of Electronic Tax Administration Advisory Committee regarding identity theft refund fraud. Sec. 2003. Information sharing and analysis center. Sec. 2004. Compliance by contractors with confidentiality safeguards. Sec. 2005. Report on electronic payments. Sec. 2006. Identity protection personal identification numbers. 
Sec. 2007. Single point of contact for taxrelated identity theft victims. Sec. 2008. Notification of suspected identity theft. Sec. 2009. Guidelines for stolen identity refund fraud cases. Sec. 2010. Increased penalty for improper disclosure or use of information by preparers of returns. Subtitle B—Development of Information Technology Sec. 2101. Management of Internal Revenue Service information technology. Sec. 2102. Internet platform for Form 1099 filings. Sec. 2103. Streamlined critical pay authority for information technology positions. Subtitle C—Modernization of ConsentBased Income Verification System Sec. 2201. Disclosure of taxpayer information for thirdparty income verification. Sec. 2202. Limit redisclosures and uses of consentbased disclosures of tax return information. Subtitle D—Expanded Use of Electronic Systems Sec. 2301. Electronic filing of returns. Sec. 2302. Uniform standards for the use of electronic signatures for disclosure authorizations to, and other authorizations of, practitioners. Sec. 2303. Payment of taxes by debit and credit cards. Sec. 2304. Requirement that electronically prepared paper returns include scannable code. Sec. 2305. Authentication of users of electronic services accounts. Subtitle E—Other Provisions Sec. 2401. Repeal of provision regarding certain tax compliance procedures and reports. Sec. 2402. Comprehensive training strategy. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Reform of Laws Governing Internal Revenue Service Employees Sec. 3001. Electronic record retention. Sec. 3002. Prohibition on rehiring any employee of the Internal Revenue Service who was involuntarily separated from service for misconduct. Sec. 3003. Notification of unauthorized inspection or disclosure of returns and return information. Subtitle B—Provisions Relating to Exempt Organizations Sec. 3101. Mandatory efiling by exempt organizations. Sec. 3102. Notice required before revocation of tax exempt status for failure to file return. Subtitle C—Tax Court Sec. 3301. Disqualification of judge or magistrate judge of the Tax Court. Sec. 3302. Opinions and judgments. Sec. 3303. Title of special trial judge changed to magistrate judge of the Tax Court. Sec. 3304. Repeal of deadwood related to Board of Tax Appeals. TITLE I—PUTTING TAXPAYERS FIRST Subtitle A—Independent Appeals Process 
SEC. 1001. ESTABLISHMENT OF INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE INDEPENDENT OFFICE OF APPEALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7803 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) INDEPENDENT OFFICE OF APPEALS .— ‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Internal Revenue Service an office to be known as the ‘Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals’. ‘‘(2) CHIEF OF APPEALS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals shall be under the supervision and direction of an official to be known as the ‘Chief of Appeals’. The Chief of Appeals shall report directly to the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service and shall be entitled to compensation at the same rate as the highest rate of basic pay established for the Senior Executive Service under section 5382 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) APPOINTMENT .—The Chief of Appeals shall be appointed by the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, relating to appointments in the competitive service or the Senior Executive Service. ‘‘(C) QUALIFICATIONS .—An individual appointed under subparagraph (B) shall have experience and expertise in— ‘‘(i) administration of, and compliance with, Federal tax laws, ‘‘(ii) a broad range of compliance cases, and ‘‘(iii) management of large service organizations. ‘‘(3) PURPOSES AND DUTIES OF OFFICE .—It shall be the function of the Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals to resolve Federal tax controversies without litigation on a basis which— ‘‘(A) is fair and impartial to both the Government and the taxpayer, ‘‘(B) promotes a consistent application and interpretation of, and voluntary compliance with, the Federal tax laws, and ‘‘(C) enhances public confidence in the integrity and efficiency of the Internal Revenue Service. ‘‘(4) RIGHT OF APPEAL .—The resolution process described in paragraph (3) shall be generally available to all taxpayers. ‘‘(5) LIMITATION ON DESIGNATION OF CASES  
AS NOT ELIGIBLE FOR REFERRAL TO INDE PENDENT OFFICE OF APPEALS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—If any taxpayer which is in receipt of a notice of deficiency authorized under section 6212 requests referral to the Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals and such request is denied, the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service shall provide such taxpayer a written notice which— ‘‘(i) provides a detailed description of the facts involved, the basis for the decision to deny the request, and a detailed explanation of how the basis of such decision applies to such facts, and ‘‘(ii) describes the procedures prescribed under subparagraph (C) for protesting the decision to deny the request. ‘‘(B) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a written report to Congress on an annual basis which includes the number of requests described in subparagraph (A) which were denied and the reasons (described by category) that such requests were denied. ‘‘(C) PROCEDURES FOR PROTESTING DENIAL  
OF REQUEST .—The Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service shall prescribe procedures for protesting to the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service a denial of a request described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) NOT APPLICABLE TO FRIVOLOUS POSI TIONS .—This paragraph shall not apply to a request for referral to the Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals which is denied on the basis that the issue involved is a frivolous position (within the meaning of section 6702(c)). ‘‘(6) STAFF .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—All personnel in the Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals shall report to the Chief of Appeals. ‘‘(B) ACCESS TO STAFF OF OFFICE OF THE  
CHIEF COUNSEL .—The Chief of Appeals shall have authority to obtain legal assistance and advice from the staff of the Office of the Chief Counsel. The Chief Counsel shall ensure that such assistance and advice is provided by staff of the Office of the Chief Counsel who were not involved in the case with respect to which such assistance and advice is sought and who are not involved in preparing such case for litigation. ‘‘(7) ACCESS TO CASE FILES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In any case in which a conference with the Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals has been scheduled upon request of a specified taxpayer, the Chief of Appeals shall ensure that such taxpayer is provided access to the nonprivileged portions of the case file on record regarding the disputed issues (other than documents provided by the taxpayer to the Internal Revenue Service) not later than 10 days before the date of such conference. ‘‘(B) TAXPAYER ELECTION TO EXPEDITE CON FERENCE .—If the taxpayer so elects, subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘the date of such conference’ for ‘10 days before the date of such conference’. ‘‘(C) SPECIFIED TAXPAYER .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘specified taxpayer’ means— ‘‘(I) in the case of any taxpayer who is a natural person, a taxpayer whose adjusted gross income does not exceed $400,000 for the taxable year to which the dispute relates, and ‘‘(II) in the case of any other taxpayer, a taxpayer whose gross receipts do not exceed $5,000,000 for the taxable year to which the dispute relates. ‘‘(ii) AGGREGATION RULE .—Rules similar to the rules of section 448(c)(2) shall apply for purposes of clause (i)(II).’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The following provisions are each amended by striking ‘‘Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals’’ and inserting ‘‘Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals’’: (A) Section 6015(c)(4)(B)(ii)(I). (B) Section 6320(b)(1). (C) Subsections (b)(1) and (d)(3) of section 6330. (D) Section 6603(d)(3)(B). (E) Section 6621(c)(2)(A)(i). (F) Section 7122(e)(2). (G) Subsections (a), (b)(1), (b)(2), and (c)(1) of section 7123. (H) Subsections (c)(7)(B)(i), and (g)(2)(A) of section 7430. (I) Section 7522(b)(3). (J) Section 7612(c)(2)(A). (2) Section 7430(c)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals’’. (3) The heading of section 6330(d)(3) is amended by inserting ‘‘INDEPENDENT ’’ after ‘‘IRS’’. (c) OTHER REFERENCES .—Any reference in any provision of law, or regulation or other guidance, to the Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals shall be treated as a reference to the Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals. (d) SAVINGS PROVISIONS .—Rules similar to the rules of paragraphs (2) through (6) of section 1001(b) of the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 shall apply for purposes of this section (and the amendments made by this section). (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.— 
(1) I N GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) ACCESS TO CASE FILES .—Section 7803(e)(7) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by subsection (a), shall apply to conferences occurring after the date which is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Improved Service 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than the date which is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to Congress a written comprehensive customer service strategy for the Internal Revenue Service. Such strategy shall include— (1) a plan to provide assistance to taxpayers that is secure, designed to meet reasonable taxpayer expectations, and adopts appropriate best practices of customer service provided in the private sector, including online services, telephone call back services, and training of employees providing customer services; (2) a thorough assessment of the services that the Internal Revenue Service can colocate with other Federal services or offer as selfservice options; (3) proposals to improve Internal Revenue Service customer service in the short term (the current and following fiscal year), medium term (approximately 3 to 5 fiscal years), and long term (approximately 10 fiscal years); (4) a plan to update guidance and training materials for customer service employees of the Internal Revenue Service, including the Internal Revenue Manual, to reflect such strategy; and (5) identified metrics and benchmarks for quantitatively measuring the progress of the Internal Revenue Service in implementing such strategy. (b) UPDATED GUIDANCE AND TRAINING MATERIALS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall make available the updated guidance and training materials described in subsection (a)(4) (including the Internal Revenue Manual). Such updated guidance and training materials (including the Internal Revenue Manual) shall be written in a manner so as to be easily understood by customer service employees of the Internal Revenue Service and shall provide clear instructions. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) The Secretary of the Treasury, or the Secretary’s delegate, shall continue to operate the IRS Free File Program as established by the Internal Revenue Service and published in the Federal Register on November 4, 2002 (67 Fed. Reg. 67247), including any subsequent agreements and governing rules established pursuant thereto. (2) The IRS Free File Program shall continue to provide free commercialtype online individual income tax preparation and electronic filing services to the lowest 70 percent of taxpayers by adjusted gross income. The number of taxpayers eligible to receive such services each year shall be calculated by the Internal Revenue Service annually based on prior year aggregate taxpayer adjusted gross income data. (3) In addition to the services described in paragraph (2), and in the same manner, the IRS Free File Program shall continue to make available to all taxpayers (without regard to income) a basic, online electronic fillable forms utility. (4) The IRS Free File Program shall continue to work cooperatively with the private sector to provide the free individual income tax preparation and the electronic filing services described in paragraphs (2) and (3). (5) The IRS Free File Program shall work cooperatively with State government agencies to enhance and expand the use of the program to provide needed benefits to the taxpayer while reducing the cost of processing returns. (b) INNOVATIONS .—The Secretary of the Treasury, or the Secretary’s delegate, shall work with the private sector through the IRS Free File Program to identify and implement, consistent with applicable law, innovative new program features to improve and simplify the taxpayer’s experience with completing and filing individual income tax returns through voluntary compliance. 
SEC. 1103. LOWINCOME EXCEPTION FOR PAYMENTS OTHERWISE REQUIRED IN CONNECTION WITH A SUBMISSION OF AN OFFERINCOMPROMISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7122(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) EXCEPTION FOR LOW INCOME TAX PAYERS .—Paragraph (1), and any user fee otherwise required in connection with the submission of an offerincompromise, shall not apply to any offerincompromise with respect to a taxpayer who is an individual with adjusted gross income, as determined for the most recent taxable year for which such information is available, which does not exceed 250 percent of the applicable poverty level (as determined by the Secretary).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to offersin compromise submitted after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle C—Sensible Enforcement 
SEC. 1201. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE SEIZURE REQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO STRUCTURING TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 5317(c)(2) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any property’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Any property’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE SEIZURE  
SOURCE .—Property may only be seized by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to subparagraph (A) by reason of a claimed violation of section 5324 if the property to be seized was derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of a criminal law or regulation other than section 5324. ‘‘(ii) NOTICE .—Not later than 30 days after property is seized by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to subparagraph (A), the Internal Revenue Service shall— ‘‘(I) make a good faith effort to find all persons with an ownership interest in such property; and ‘‘(II) provide each such person so found with a notice of the seizure and of the person’s rights under clause (iv). ‘‘(iii) EXTENSION OF NOTICE UNDER CERTAIN  
CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Internal Revenue Service may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for one 30day extension of the notice requirement under clause (ii) if the Internal Revenue Service can establish probable cause of an imminent threat to national security or personal safety necessitating such extension. ‘‘(iv) POSTSEIZURE HEARING .—If a person with an ownership interest in property seized pursuant to subparagraph (A) by the Internal Revenue Service requests a hearing by a court of competent jurisdiction within 30 days after the date on which notice is provided under subclause (ii), such property shall be returned unless the court holds an adversarial hearing and finds within 30 days of such request (or such longer period as the court may provide, but only on request of an interested party) that there is probable cause to believe that there is a violation of section 5324 involving such property and probable cause to believe that the property to be seized was derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of a criminal law or regulation other than section 5324.’’. SEC. 1202. EXCLUSION OF INTEREST RECEIVED IN ACTION TO RECOVER PROPERTY SEIZED BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE BASED ON STRUCTURING TRANSACTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before section 140 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 139H. INTEREST RECEIVED IN ACTION TO RECOVER PROPERTY SEIZED BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE BASED ON STRUCTURING TRANSACTION. 
‘‘Gross income shall not include any interest received from the Federal Government in connection with an action to recover property seized by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to section 5317(c)(2) of title 31, United States Code, by reason of a claimed violation of section 5324 of such title.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 140 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 139H. Interest received in action to recover property seized by the Internal Revenue Service based on structuring transaction.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to interest received on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1203. CLARIFICATION OF EQUITABLE RELIEF FROM JOINT LIABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6015 is amended— (1) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) STANDARD AND SCOPE OF REVIEW .—Any review of a determination made under this section shall be reviewed de novo by the Tax Court and shall be based upon— ‘‘(A) the administrative record established at the time of the determination, and ‘‘(B) any additional newly discovered or previously unavailable evidence.’’; and (2) by amending subsection (f) to read as follows: ‘‘(f) EQUITABLE RELIEF .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Under procedures prescribed by the Secretary, if— ‘‘(A) taking into account all the facts and circumstances, it is inequitable to hold the individual liable for any unpaid tax or any deficiency (or any portion of either), and ‘‘(B) relief is not available to such individual under subsection (b) or (c), the Secretary may relieve such individual of such liability. ‘‘(2) LIMITATION .—A request for equitable relief under this subsection may be made with respect to any portion of any liability that— ‘‘(A) has not been paid, provided that such request is made before the expiration of the applicable period of limitation under section 6502, or ‘‘(B) has been paid, provided that such request is made during the period in which the individual could submit a timely claim for refund or credit of such payment.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to petitions 
or requests filed or pending on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1204. MODIFICATION OF PROCEDURES FOR ISSUANCE OF THIRDPARTY SUMMONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7609(f) is amended by adding at the end the following flush sentence: ‘‘The Secretary shall not issue any summons described in the preceding sentence unless the information sought to be obtained is narrowly tailored to information that pertains to the failure (or potential failure) of the person or group or class of persons referred to in paragraph (2) to comply with one or more provisions of the internal revenue law which have been identified for purposes of such paragraph.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to summonses served after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1205. PRIVATE DEBT COLLECTION AND SPECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL PROGRAM. 
(a) C ERTAIN TAXRECEIVABLES NOTELIGIBLE FOR COLLECTION UNDER TAXCOLLECTION  CONTRACTS .—Section 6306(d)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (C) and by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(E) a taxpayer substantially all of whose income consists of disability insurance benefits under section 223 of the Social Security Act or supplemental security income benefits under title XVI of the Social Security Act (including supplemental security income benefits of the type described in section 1616 of such Act or section 212 of Public Law 93– 66), or ‘‘(F) a taxpayer who is an individual with adjusted gross income, as determined for the most recent taxable year for which such information is available, which does not exceed 200 percent of the applicable poverty level (as determined by the Secretary).’’. (b) DETERMINATION OF INACTIVE TAXRECEIVABLES ELIGIBLE FOR COLLECTION UNDER  TAX COLLECTION CONTRACTS .—Section 6306(c)(2)(A)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘more than 
1⁄3of the period of the applicable statute of limitation has lapsed’’ and inserting ‘‘more than 2 years has passed since assessment’’. (c) MAXIMUM LENGTH OF INSTALLMENT  AGREEMENTS OFFERED UNDER TAXCOLLEC TION CONTRACTS .—Section 6306(b)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘7 years’’. (d) CLARIFICATION THAT SPECIAL COMPLI ANCE PERSONNEL PROGRAM ACCOUNT MAYBE USED FOR PROGRAM COSTS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 6307(b) is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking all that follows ‘‘under such program’’ and inserting a period; and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking all that follows ‘‘out of such account’’ and inserting ‘‘for other than program costs’’. (2) COMMUNICATIONS , SOFTWARE , AND TECH NOLOGY COSTS TREATED AS PROGRAM COSTS .— Section 6307(d)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘telecommunications’’ and inserting ‘‘communications, software, technology’’. (3) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 6307(d)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) reimbursement of the Internal Revenue Service or other government agencies for the cost of administering the qualified tax collection program under section 6306.’’. (e) EFFECTIVE DATES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to tax receivables identified by the Secretary (or the Secretary’s delegate) after December 31, 2019. (2) MAXIMUM LENGTH OF INSTALLMENT  
AGREEMENTS .—The amendment made by subsection (c) shall apply to contracts entered into after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) USE OF SPECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT .—The amendment made by subsection (d) shall apply to amounts expended from the special compliance personnel program account after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1206. REFORM OF NOTICE OF CONTACT OF THIRD PARTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7602(c)(1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) GENERAL NOTICE .—An officer or employee of the Internal Revenue Service may not contact any person other than the taxpayer with respect to the determination or collection of the tax liability of such taxpayer unless such contact occurs during a period (not greater than 1 year) which is specified in a notice which— ‘‘(A) informs the taxpayer that contacts with persons other than the taxpayer are intended to be made during such period, and ‘‘(B) except as otherwise provided by the Secretary, is provided to the taxpayer not later than 45 days before the beginning of such period. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall prevent the issuance of notices to the same taxpayer with respect to the same tax liability with periods specified therein that, in the aggregate, exceed 1 year. A notice shall not be issued under this paragraph unless there is an intent at the time such notice is issued to contact persons other than the taxpayer during the period specified in such notice. The preceding sentence shall not prevent the issuance of a notice if the requirement of such sentence is met on the basis of the assumption that the information sought to be obtained by such contact will not be obtained by other means before such contact.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to notices provided, and contacts of persons made, after the date which is 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1207. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO ISSUE DESIGNATED SUMMONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 6503(j) is amended by striking ‘‘coordinated examination program’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinated industry case program’’. (b) REQUIREMENTS FOR SUMMONS .—Clause (i) of section 6503(j)(2)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) the issuance of such summons is preceded by a review and written approval of such issuance by the Commissioner of the relevant operating division of the Internal Revenue Service and the Chief Counsel which— ‘‘(I) states facts clearly establishing that the Secretary has made reasonable requests for the information that is the subject of the summons, and ‘‘(II) is attached to such summons,’’. (c) ESTABLISHMENT THAT REASONABLE REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION WEREMADE.—Sub section (j) of section 6503 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) ESTABLISHMENT THAT REASONABLE RE QUESTS FOR INFORMATION WERE MADE .—In any court proceeding described in paragraph (3), the Secretary shall establish that reasonable requests were made for the information that is the subject of the summons.’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to summonses issued after the date of the enactment of this Act. SEC. 1208. LIMITATION ON ACCESS OF NONINTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE EMPLOYEES TO RETURNS AND RETURN INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7602 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) LIMITATION ON ACCESS OF PERSONS  OTHER THANINTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES .—The Secretary shall not, under the authority of section 6103(n), provide any books, papers, records, or other data obtained pursuant to this section to any person authorized under section 6103(n), except when such person requires such information for the sole purpose of providing expert evaluation and assistance to the Internal Revenue Service. No person other than an officer or employee of the Internal Revenue Service or the Office of Chief Counsel may, on behalf of the Secretary, question a witness under oath whose testimony was obtained pursuant to this section.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section— (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act; and (2) shall not fail to apply to a contract in effect under section 6103(n) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 merely because such contract was in effect before the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—Organizational Modernization 
(a) T AXPAYER ADVOCATE DIRECTIVES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 7803(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) TAXPAYER ADVOCATE DIRECTIVES .—In the case of any Taxpayer Advocate Directive issued by the National Taxpayer Advocate pursuant to a delegation of authority from the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service— ‘‘(A) the Commissioner or a Deputy Commissioner shall modify, rescind, or ensure compliance with such directive not later than 90 days after the issuance of such directive, and ‘‘(B) in the case of any directive which is modified or rescinded by a Deputy Commissioner, the National Taxpayer Advocate may (not later than 90 days after such modification or rescission) appeal to the Commissioner and the Commissioner shall (not later than 90 days after such appeal is made) ensure compliance with such directive as issued by the National Taxpayer Advocate or provide the National Taxpayer Advocate with a detailed description of the reasons for any modification or rescission made or upheld by the Commissioner pursuant to such appeal.’’. (2) REPORT TO CERTAIN COMMITTEES OF CON GRESS REGARDING DIRECTIVES .—Section 7803(c)(2)(B)(ii) is amended by redesignating subclauses (VIII) through (XI) as subclauses (IX) through (XII), respectively, and by inserting after subclause (VII) the following new subclause: ‘‘(VIII) identify any Taxpayer Advocate Directive which was not honored by the Internal Revenue Service in a timely manner, as specified under paragraph (5),’’. (b) NATIONAL TAXPAYER ADVOCATE ANNUAL  REPORTS TO CONGRESS .— (1) INCLUSION OF MOST SERIOUS TAXPAYER  
PROBLEMS .—Section 7803(c)(2)(B)(ii)(III) is amended by striking ‘‘at least 20 of the’’ and inserting ‘‘the 10’’. (2) COORDINATION WITH TREASURY INSPECTOR  
GENERAL FOR TAX ADMINISTRATION .—Section 7803(c)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: 
‘‘(E) C OORDINATION WITH TREASURY INSPEC TOR GENERAL FOR TAX ADMINISTRATION .—Be fore beginning any research or study, the National Taxpayer Advocate shall coordinate with the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration to ensure that the National Taxpayer Advocate does not duplicate any action that the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration has already undertaken or has a plan to undertake.’’. (3) STATISTICAL SUPPORT .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Section 6108 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) STATISTICAL SUPPORT FOR NATIONAL  TAXPAYER ADVOCATE .—The Secretary shall, upon request of the National Taxpayer Advocate, provide the National Taxpayer Advocate with statistical support in connection with the preparation by the National Taxpayer Advocate of the annual report described in section 7803(c)(2)(B)(ii). Such statistical support shall include statistical studies, compilations, and the review of information provided by the National Taxpayer Advocate for statistical validity and sound statistical methodology.’’. (B) DISCLOSURE OF REVIEW .—Section 7803(c)(2)(B)(ii), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by redesignating subclause (XII) as subclause (XIII) and by inserting after subclause (XI) the following new subclause: ‘‘(XII) with respect to any statistical information included in such report, include a statement of whether such statistical information was reviewed or provided by the Secretary under section 6108(d) and, if so, whether the Secretary determined such information to be statistically valid and based on sound statistical methodology.’’. (C) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7803(c)(2)(B)(iii) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply with respect to statistical information provided to the Secretary for review, or received from the Secretary, under section 6108(d).’’. (c) SALARY OF NATIONAL TAXPAYER ADVOCATE .—Section 7803(c)(1)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘, or, if the Secretary of the Treasury so determines, at a rate fixed under section 9503 of such title’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) SALARY OF NATIONAL TAXPAYER ADVO CATE .—The amendment made by subsection (c) shall apply to compensation paid to individuals appointed as the National Taxpayer Advocate after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1302. MODERNIZATION OF INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2020, the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service shall submit to Congress a comprehensive written plan to redesign the organization of the Internal Revenue Service. Such plan shall— (1) ensure the successful implementation of the priorities specified by Congress in this Act; (2) prioritize taxpayer services to ensure that all taxpayers easily and readily receive the assistance that they need; (3) streamline the structure of the agency including minimizing the duplication of services and responsibilities within the agency; (4) best position the Internal Revenue Service to combat cybersecurity and other threats to the Internal Revenue Service; and (5) address whether the Criminal Investigation Division of the Internal Revenue Service should report directly to the Commissioner. (b) REPEAL OF RESTRICTION ON ORGANIZA TIONAL STRUCTURE OF INTERNAL REVENUE  SERVICE .—Paragraph (3) of section 1001(a) of the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 shall cease to apply beginning 1 year after the date on which the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service submits to Congress the plan described in subsection (a). Subtitle E—Other Provisions 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 77 is amended by inserting after section 7526 the following new section: 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF VOLUNTEER INCOME  TAXASSISTANCE MATCHING GRANT PROGRAM .—The Secretary shall establish a Community Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Matching Grant Program under which the Secretary may, subject to the availability of appropriated funds, make grants to provide matching funds for the development, expansion, or continuation of qualified return preparation programs assisting applicable taxpayers and members of underserved populations. ‘‘(b) USE OF FUNDS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Qualified return preparation programs may use grants received under this section for— ‘‘(A) ordinary and necessary costs associated with program operation in accordance with cost principles under the applicable Office of Management and Budget circular, including— ‘‘(i) wages or salaries of persons coordinating the activities of the program, ‘‘(ii) developing training materials, conducting training, and performing quality reviews of the returns prepared under the program, ‘‘(iii) equipment purchases, and ‘‘(iv) vehiclerelated expenses associated with remote or rural tax preparation services, ‘‘(B) outreach and educational activities described in subsection (c)(2)(B), and ‘‘(C) services related to financial education and capability, asset development, and the establishment of savings accounts in connection with tax return preparation. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENT OF MATCHING FUNDS .—A qualified return preparation program must provide matching funds on a dollarfordollar basis for all grants provided under this section. Matching funds may include— ‘‘(A) the salary (including fringe benefits) of individuals performing services for the program, ‘‘(B) the cost of equipment used in the program, and ‘‘(C) other ordinary and necessary costs associated with the program. Indirect expenses, including general overhead of any entity administering the program, shall not be counted as matching funds. ‘‘(c) APPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Each applicant for a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. ‘‘(2) PRIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall give priority to applications which demonstrate— ‘‘(A) assistance to applicable taxpayers, with emphasis on outreach to, and services for, such taxpayers, ‘‘(B) taxpayer outreach and educational activities relating to eligibility and availability of income supports available through this title, including the earned income tax credit, and ‘‘(C) specific outreach and focus on one or more underserved populations. ‘‘(3) AMOUNTS TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT .—In de termining matching grants under this section, the Secretary shall only take into account amounts provided by the qualified return preparation program for expenses described in subsection (b). ‘‘(d) PROGRAM ADHERENCE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall establish procedures for, and shall conduct not less frequently than once every 5 calendar years during which a qualified return preparation program is operating under a grant under this section, periodic site visits— ‘‘(A) to ensure the program is carrying out the purposes of this section, and ‘‘(B) to determine whether the program meets such program adherence standards as the Secretary shall by regulation or other guidance prescribe. ‘‘(2) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR GRANT  
STANDARDS .—In the case of any qualified return preparation program which— ‘‘(A) is awarded a grant under this section, and ‘‘(B) is subsequently determined— ‘‘(i) not to meet the program adherence standards described in paragraph (1)(B), or ‘‘(ii) not to be otherwise carrying out the purposes of this section, such program shall not be eligible for any additional grants under this section unless such program provides sufficient documentation of corrective measures established to address any such deficiencies determined. ‘‘(e) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) QUALIFIED RETURN PREPARATION PRO GRAM .—The term ‘qualified return preparation program’ means any program— ‘‘(A) which provides assistance to individuals, not less than 90 percent of whom are applicable taxpayers, in preparing and filing Federal income tax returns, ‘‘(B) which is administered by a qualified entity, ‘‘(C) in which all volunteers who assist in the preparation of Federal income tax returns meet the training requirements prescribed by the Secretary, and ‘‘(D) which uses a quality review process which reviews 100 percent of all returns. ‘‘(2) QUALIFIED ENTITY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified entity’ means any entity which— ‘‘(i) is an eligible organization, ‘‘(ii) is in compliance with Federal tax filing and payment requirements, ‘‘(iii) is not debarred or suspended from Federal contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements, and ‘‘(iv) agrees to provide documentation to substantiate any matching funds provided pursuant to the grant program under this section. ‘‘(B) ELIGIBLE ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘eligible organization’ means— ‘‘(i) an institution of higher education which is described in section 102 (other than subsection (a)(1)(C) thereof) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002), as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section, and which has not been disqualified from participating in a program under title IV of such Act, ‘‘(ii) an organization described in section 501(c) and exempt from tax under section 501(a), ‘‘(iii) a local government agency, including— ‘‘(I) a county or municipal government agency, and 
‘‘(II) an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(13) of the Native American Housing Assistance and SelfDetermination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103(13)), including any tribally designated housing entity (as defined in section 4(22) of such Act (25 U.S.C. 4103(22))), tribal subsidiary, subdivision, or other wholly owned tribal entity, ‘‘(iv) a local, State, regional, or national coalition (with one lead organization which meets the eligibility requirements of clause (i), (ii), or (iii) acting as the applicant organization), or ‘‘(v) in the case of applicable taxpayers and members of underserved populations with respect to which no organizations described in the preceding clauses are available— ‘‘(I) a State government agency, or ‘‘(II) an office providing Cooperative Extension services (as established at the land grant colleges and universities under the SmithLever Act of May 8, 1914). ‘‘(3) APPLICABLE TAXPAYERS .—The term ‘applicable taxpayer’ means a taxpayer whose income for the taxable year does not exceed an amount equal to the completed phaseout amount under section 32(b) for a married couple filing a joint return with three or more qualifying children, as determined in a revenue procedure or other published guidance. ‘‘(4) UNDERSERVED POPULATION .—The term ‘underserved population’ includes populations of persons with disabilities, persons with limited English proficiency, Native Americans, individuals living in rural areas, members of the Armed Forces and their spouses, and the elderly. ‘‘(f) SPECIAL RULES AND LIMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) DURATION OF GRANTS .—Upon application of a qualified return preparation program, the Secretary is authorized to award a multiyear grant not to exceed 3 years. ‘‘(2) AGGREGATE LIMITATION .—Unless otherwise provided by specific appropriation, the Secretary shall not allocate more than $30,000,000 per fiscal year (exclusive of costs of administering the program) to grants under this section. ‘‘(g) PROMOTION OF PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall promote tax preparation through qualified return preparation programs through the use of mass communications and other means. ‘‘(2) PROVISION OF INFORMATION REGARDING  
QUALIFIED RETURN PREPARATION PROGRAMS .— The Secretary may provide taxpayers information regarding qualified return preparation programs receiving grants under this section. ‘‘(3) VITA 
GRANTEE REFERRAL .—Qualified return preparation programs receiving a grant under this section are encouraged, in appropriate cases, to— ‘‘(A) advise taxpayers of the availability of, and eligibility requirements for receiving, advice and assistance from qualified lowincome taxpayer clinics receiving funding under section 7526, and ‘‘(B) provide information regarding the location of, and contact information for, such clinics.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 77 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7526 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 7526A. Return preparation programs for applicable taxpayers.’’. 
SEC. 1402. PROVISION OF INFORMATION REGARDING LOWINCOME TAXPAYER CLINICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7526(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) PROVISION OF INFORMATION REGARDING  
QUALIFIED LOW INCOME TAXPAYER CLINICS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, officers and employees of the Department of the Treasury may— ‘‘(A) advise taxpayers of the availability of, and eligibility requirements for receiving, advice and assistance from one or more specific qualified lowincome taxpayer clinics receiving funding under this section, and ‘‘(B) provide information regarding the location of, and contact information for, such clinics.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1403. NOTICE FROM IRS REGARDING CLOSURE OF TAXPAYER ASSISTANCE CENTERS. 
Not later than 90 days before the date that a proposed closure of a Taxpayer Assistance Center would take effect, the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall— (1) make publicly available (including by nonelectronic means) a notice which— (A) identifies the Taxpayer Assistance Center proposed for closure and the date of such proposed closure; and (B) identifies the relevant alternative sources of taxpayer assistance which may be utilized by taxpayers affected by such proposed closure; and (2) submit to Congress a written report that includes— (A) the information included in the notice described in paragraph (1); (B) the reasons for such proposed closure; and (C) such other information as the Secretary may determine appropriate. 
SEC. 1404. RULES FOR SEIZURE AND SALE OF PERISHABLE GOODS RESTRICTED TO ONLY PERISHABLE GOODS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6336 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘or become greatly reduced in price or value by keeping, or that such property cannot be kept without great expense’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property seized after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
FORWHISTLEBLOWERS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 6103(k) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) DISCLOSURE TO WHISTLEBLOWERS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may disclose, to any individual providing information relating to any purpose described in paragraph (1) or (2) of section 7623(a), return information related to the investigation of any taxpayer with respect to whom the individual has provided such information, but only to the extent that such disclosure is necessary in obtaining information, which is not otherwise reasonably available, with respect to the correct determination of tax liability for tax, or the amount to be collected with respect to the enforcement of any other provision of this title. ‘‘(B) UPDATES ON WHISTLEBLOWER INVES TIGATIONS .—The Secretary shall disclose to an individual providing information relating to any purpose described in paragraph (1) or (2) of section 7623(a) the following: ‘‘(i) Not later than 60 days after a case for which the individual has provided information has been referred for an audit or examination, a notice with respect to such referral. ‘‘(ii) Not later than 60 days after a taxpayer with respect to whom the individual has provided information has made a payment of tax with respect to tax liability to which such information relates, a notice with respect to such payment. ‘‘(iii) Subject to such requirements and conditions as are prescribed by the Secretary, upon a written request by such individual— ‘‘(I) information on the status and stage of any investigation or action related to such information, and ‘‘(II) in the case of a determination of the amount of any award under section 7623(b), the reasons for such determination. Clause (iii) shall not apply to any information if the Secretary determines that disclosure of such information would seriously impair Federal tax administration. Information described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) may be disclosed to a designee of the individual providing such information in accordance with guidance provided by the Secretary.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .— Section 6103(a)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (k)(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (10) or (13) of subsection (k)’’. (B) PENALTY FOR UNAUTHORIZED DISCLO SURE .—Section 7213(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘(k)(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘(k)(10) or (13)’’. (C) COORDINATION WITH AUTHORITY TO DIS CLOSE FOR INVESTIGATIVE PURPOSES .—Section 6103(k)(6) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘This paragraph shall not apply to any disclosure to an individual providing information relating to any purpose described in paragraph (1) or (2) of section 7623(a) which is made under paragraph (13)(A).’’. (b) PROTECTION AGAINST RETALIATION .— Section 7623 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) CIVILACTION TOPROTECT AGAINST RETALIATION CASES.— ‘‘(1) ANTIRETALIATION WHISTLEBLOWER PRO TECTION FOR EMPLOYEES .—No employer, or any officer, employee, contractor, subcontractor, or agent of such employer, may discharge, demote, suspend, threaten, harass, or in any other manner discriminate against an employee in the terms and conditions of employment (including through an act in the ordinary course of such employee’s duties) in reprisal for any lawful act done by the employee— ‘‘(A) to provide information, cause information to be provided, or otherwise assist in an investigation regarding underpayment of tax or any conduct which the employee reasonably believes constitutes a violation of the internal revenue laws or any provision of Federal law relating to tax fraud, when the information or assistance is provided to the Internal Revenue Service, the Secretary of Treasury, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, the Comptroller General of the United States, the Department of Justice, the United States Congress, a person with supervisory authority over the employee, or any other person working for the employer who has the authority to investigate, discover, or terminate misconduct, or ‘‘(B) to testify, participate in, or otherwise assist in any administrative or judicial action taken by the Internal Revenue Service relating to an alleged underpayment of tax or any violation of the internal revenue laws or any provision of Federal law relating to tax fraud. ‘‘(2) ENFORCEMENT ACTION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A person who alleges discharge or other reprisal by any person in violation of paragraph (1) may seek relief under paragraph (3) by— ‘‘(i) filing a complaint with the Secretary of Labor, or ‘‘(ii) if the Secretary of Labor has not issued a final decision within 180 days of the filing of the complaint and there is no showing that such delay is due to the bad faith of 
the claimant, bringing an action at law or equity for de novo review in the appropriate district court of the United States, which shall have jurisdiction over such an action without regard to the amount in controversy. ‘‘(B) PROCEDURE .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—An action under subparagraph (A)(i) shall be governed under the rules and procedures set forth in section 42121(b) of title 49, United States Code. ‘‘(ii) EXCEPTION .—Notification made under section 42121(b)(1) of title 49, United States Code, shall be made to the person named in the complaint and to the employer. ‘‘(iii) BURDENS OF PROOF .—An action brought under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be governed by the legal burdens of proof set forth in section 42121(b) of title 49, United States Code, except that in applying such section— ‘‘(I) ‘behavior described in paragraph (1)’ shall be substituted for ‘behavior described in paragraphs (1) through (4) of subsection (a)’ each place it appears in paragraph (2)(B) thereof, and ‘‘(II) ‘a violation of paragraph (1)’ shall be substituted for ‘a violation of subsection (a)’ each place it appears. ‘‘(iv) STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .—A com plaint under subparagraph (A)(i) shall be filed not later than 180 days after the date on which the violation occurs. ‘‘(v) JURY TRIAL .—A party to an action brought under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be entitled to trial by jury. ‘‘(3) REMEDIES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—An employee prevailing in any action under paragraph (2)(A) shall be entitled to all relief necessary to make the employee whole. ‘‘(B) COMPENSATORY DAMAGES .—Relief for any action under subparagraph (A) shall include— ‘‘(i) reinstatement with the same seniority status that the employee would have had, but for the reprisal, ‘‘(ii) the sum of 200 percent of the amount of back pay and 100 percent of all lost benefits, with interest, and ‘‘(iii) compensation for any special damages sustained as a result of the reprisal, including litigation costs, expert witness fees, and reasonable attorney fees. ‘‘(4) RIGHTS RETAINED BY EMPLOYEE .—Noth ing in this section shall be deemed to diminish the rights, privileges, or remedies of any employee under any Federal or State law, or under any collective bargaining agreement. ‘‘(5) NONENFORCEABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI SIONS WAIVING RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OR RE QUIRING ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES .— ‘‘(A) WAIVER OF RIGHTS AND REMEDIES .— The rights and remedies provided for in this subsection may not be waived by any agreement, policy form, or condition of employment, including by a predispute arbitration agreement. ‘‘(B) PREDISPUTE ARBITRATION AGREE MENTS .—No predispute arbitration agreement shall be valid or enforceable, if the agreement requires arbitration of a dispute arising under this subsection.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to disclosures made after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) CIVIL PROTECTION .—The amendment made by subsection (b) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall provide helpful information to taxpayers placed on hold during a telephone call to any Internal Revenue Service help line, including the following: (1) Information about common tax scams. (2) Information on where and how to report tax scams. (3) Additional advice on how taxpayers can protect themselves from identity theft and tax scams. SEC. 1407. MISDIRECTED TAX REFUND DEPOSITS. 
Section 6402 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(n) MISDIRECTED DIRECT DEPOSIT REFUND .—Not later than the date which is 6 months after the date of the enactment of the Taxpayer First Act of 2018, the Secretary shall prescribe regulations to establish procedures to allow for— ‘‘(1) taxpayers to report instances in which a refund made by the Secretary by electronic funds transfer was erroneously delivered to an account at a financial institution for which the taxpayer is not the owner; ‘‘(2) coordination with financial institutions for the purpose of— ‘‘(A) identifying erroneous payments described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) recovery of the erroneously transferred amounts; and ‘‘(3) the refund to be delivered to the correct account of the taxpayer.’’. TITLE II—21ST CENTURY IRS Subtitle A—Cybersecurity and Identity Protection 
SEC. 2001. PUBLICPRIVATE PARTNERSHIP TO ADDRESS IDENTITY THEFT REFUND FRAUD. 
The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall work collaboratively with the public and private sectors to protect taxpayers from identity theft refund fraud. 
SEC. 2002. RECOMMENDATIONS OF ELECTRONIC TAX ADMINISTRATION ADVISORY COMMITTEE REGARDING IDENTITY THEFT REFUND FRAUD. 
The Secretary of the Treasury shall ensure that the advisory group convened by the Secretary pursuant to section 2001(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 (commonly known as the Electronic Tax Administration Advisory Committee) studies (including by providing organized public forums) and makes recommendations to the Secretary regarding methods to prevent identity theft and refund fraud. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) may participate in an information sharing and analysis center to centralize, standardize, and enhance data compilation and analysis to facilitate sharing actionable data and information with respect to identity theft tax refund fraud. (b) DEVELOPMENT OF PERFORMANCE  METRICS .—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall develop metrics for measuring the success of such center in detecting and preventing identity theft tax refund fraud. (c) DISCLOSURE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 6103(k), as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(14) DISCLOSURE OF RETURN INFORMATION  
FRAUD .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Under such procedures and subject to such conditions as the Secretary may prescribe, the Secretary may disclose specified return information to specified ISAC participants to the extent that the Secretary determines such disclosure is in furtherance of effective Federal tax administration relating to the detection or prevention of identity theft tax refund fraud, validation of taxpayer identity, authentication of taxpayer returns, or detection or prevention of cybersecurity threats. ‘‘(B) SPECIFIED ISAC PARTICIPANTS .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘specified ISAC participant’ means— ‘‘(I) any person designated by the Secretary as having primary responsibility for a function performed with respect to the information sharing and analysis center described in section 2003(a) of the Taxpayer First Act of 2018, and ‘‘(II) any person subject to the requirements of section 7216 and which is a participant in such information sharing and analysis center. ‘‘(ii) INFORMATION SHARING AGREEMENT .— Such term shall not include any person unless such person has entered into a written agreement with the Secretary setting forth the terms and conditions for the disclosure of information to such person under this paragraph, including requirements regarding the protection and safeguarding of such information by such person. ‘‘(C) SPECIFIED RETURN INFORMATION .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘specified return information’ means— ‘‘(i) in the case of a return which is in connection with a case of potential identity theft refund fraud— ‘‘(I) in the case of such return filed electronically, the internet protocol address, device identification, email domain name, speed of completion, method of authentication, refund method, and such other return information related to the electronic filing characteristics of such return as the Secretary may identify for purposes of this subclause, and ‘‘(II) in the case of such return prepared by a tax return preparer, identifying information with respect to such tax return preparer, including the preparer taxpayer identification number and electronic filer identification number of such preparer, ‘‘(ii) in the case of a return which is in connection with a case of a identity theft refund fraud which has been confirmed by the Secretary (pursuant to such procedures as the Secretary may provide), the information referred to in subclauses (I) and (II) of clause (i), the name and taxpayer identification number of the taxpayer as it appears on the return, and any bank account and routing information provided for making a refund in connection with such return, and ‘‘(iii) in the case of any cybersecurity threat to the Internal Revenue Service, information similar to the information described in subclauses (I) and (II) of clause (i) with respect to such threat. ‘‘(D) RESTRICTION ON USE OF DISCLOSED IN FORMATION .— ‘‘(i) DESIGNATED THIRD PARTIES .—Any re turn information received by a person described in subparagraph (B)(i)(I) shall be used only for the purposes of and to the extent necessary in— ‘‘(I) performing the function such person is designated to perform under such subparagraph, ‘‘(II) facilitating disclosures authorized under subparagraph (A) to persons described in subparagraph (B)(i)(II), and ‘‘(III) facilitating disclosures authorized under subsection (d) to participants in such information sharing and analysis center. ‘‘(ii) RETURN PREPARERS .—Any return information received by a person described in subparagraph (B)(i)(II) shall be treated for purposes of section 7216 as information furnished to such person for, or in connection with, the preparation of a return of the tax imposed under chapter 1. ‘‘(E) DATA PROTECTION AND SAFEGUARDS .— Return information disclosed under this 
paragraph shall be subject to such protections and safeguards as the Secretary may require in regulations or other guidance or in the written agreement referred to in subparagraph (B)(ii). Such written agreement shall include a requirement that any unauthorized access to information disclosed under this paragraph, and any breach of any system in which such information is held, be reported to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration.’’. (2) APPLICATION OF CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PEN ALTIES .— (A) Section 6103(a)(3), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘or (13)’’ and inserting ‘‘(13), or (14)’’. (B) Section 7213(a)(2), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘or (13)’’ and inserting ‘‘(13), or (14)’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6103(p) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) DISCLOSURE TO CONTRACTORS AND  
OTHER AGENTS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, no return or return information shall be disclosed to any contractor or other agent of a Federal, State, or local agency unless such agency, to the satisfaction of the Secretary— ‘‘(A) has requirements in effect which require each such contractor or other agent which would have access to returns or return information to provide safeguards (within the meaning of paragraph (4)) to protect the confidentiality of such returns or return information, ‘‘(B) agrees to conduct an onsite review every 3 years (or a midpoint review in the case of contracts or agreements of less than 3 years in duration) of each contractor or other agent to determine compliance with such requirements, ‘‘(C) submits the findings of the most recent review conducted under subparagraph (B) to the Secretary as part of the report required by paragraph (4)(E), and ‘‘(D) certifies to the Secretary for the most recent annual period that such contractor or other agent is in compliance with all such requirements. The certification required by subparagraph (D) shall include the name and address of each contractor or other agent, a description of the contract or agreement with such contractor or other agent, and the duration of such contract or agreement. The requirements of this paragraph shall not apply to disclosures pursuant to subsection (n) for purposes of Federal tax administration.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 6103(p)(8)(B) is amended by inserting ‘‘or paragraph (9)’’ after ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to disclosures made after December 31, 2022. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate), in coordination with the Bureau of Fiscal Service and the Internal Revenue Service, and in consultation with private sector financial institutions, shall submit a written report to Congress describing how the government can utilize new payment platforms to increase the number of tax refunds paid by electronic funds transfer. Such report shall weigh the interests of reducing identity theft tax refund fraud, reducing the Federal Government’s costs in delivering tax refunds, the costs and any associated fees charged to taxpayers (including monthly and pointofservice fees) to access their tax refunds, the impact on individuals who do not have access to financial accounts or institutions, and ensuring payments are made to accounts at a financial institution that complies with section 21 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, chapter 2 of title I of Public Law 91–508, and subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code (commonly referred to collectively as the ‘‘Bank Secrecy Act’’) and the USA PATRIOT Act. Such report shall include any legislative recommendations necessary to accomplish these goals. SEC. 2006. IDENTITY PROTECTION PERSONAL IDENTIFICATION NUMBERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate (hereafter referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall establish a program to issue, upon the request of any individual, a number which may be used in connection with such individual’s social security number (or other identifying information with respect to such individual as determined by the Secretary) to assist the Secretary in verifying such individual’s identity. (b) REQUIREMENTS .— (1) ANNUAL EXPANSION .—For each calendar year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide numbers through the program described in subsection (a) to individuals residing in such States as the Secretary deems appropriate, provided that the total number of States served by such program during such year is greater than the total number of States served by such program during the preceding year. (2) NATIONWIDE AVAILABILITY .—Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall ensure that the program described in subsection (a) is made available to any individual residing in the United States. 
SEC. 2007. SINGLE POINT OF CONTACT FOR TAX RELATED IDENTITY THEFT VICTIMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall establish and implement procedures to ensure that any taxpayer whose return has been delayed or otherwise adversely affected due to taxrelated identity theft has a single point of contact at the Internal Revenue Service throughout the processing of the taxpayer’s case. The single point of contact shall track the taxpayer’s case to completion and coordinate with other Internal Revenue Service employees to resolve case issues as quickly as possible. (b) SINGLE POINT OF CONTACT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of subsection (a), the single point of contact shall consist of a team or subset of specially trained employees who— (A) have the ability to work across functions to resolve the issues involved in the taxpayer’s case; and (B) shall be accountable for handling the case until its resolution. (2) TEAM OR SUBSET .—The employees included within the team or subset described in paragraph (1) may change as required to meet the needs of the Internal Revenue Service, provided that procedures have been established to— (A) ensure continuity of records and case history; and (B) notify the taxpayer when appropriate. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 77 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary determines that there has been or may have been an unauthorized use of the identity of any individual, the Secretary shall, without jeopardizing an investigation relating to tax administration— ‘‘(1) as soon as practicable, notify the individual of such determination and provide— ‘‘(A) instructions on how to file a report with law enforcement regarding the unauthorized use of the identity of the individual, ‘‘(B) the identification of any forms necessary for the individual to complete and submit to law enforcement to permit access to personal information of the individual during the investigation, ‘‘(C) information regarding actions the individual may take in order to protect the individual from harm relating to such unauthorized use, and ‘‘(D) an offer of identity protection measures to be provided to the individual by the Internal Revenue Service, such as the use of an identity protection personal identification number, and ‘‘(2) at the time the information described in paragraph (1) is provided (or, if not available at such time, as soon as practicable thereafter), issue additional notifications to such individual (or such individual’s designee) regarding— ‘‘(A) whether an investigation has been initiated in regards to such unauthorized use, ‘‘(B) whether the investigation substantiated an unauthorized use of the identity of the individual, and ‘‘(C) whether— ‘‘(i) any action has been taken against a person relating to such unauthorized use, or ‘‘(ii) any referral has been made for criminal prosecution of such person and, to the extent such information is available, whether such person has been criminally charged by indictment or information. ‘‘(b) EMPLOYMENT RELATED IDENTITY  THEFT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of this section, the unauthorized use of the identity of an individual includes the unauthorized use of the identity of the individual to obtain employment. ‘‘(2) DETERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT RELATED IDENTITY THEFT .—For purposes of this section, in making a determination as to whether there has been or may have been an unauthorized use of the identity of an individual to obtain employment, the Secretary shall review any information— ‘‘(A) obtained from a statement described in section 6051 or an information return relating to compensation for services rendered other than as an employee, or ‘‘(B) provided to the Internal Revenue Service by the Social Security Administration regarding any statement described in section 6051, which indicates that the social security account number provided on such statement or information return does not correspond with the name provided on such statement or information return or the name on the tax return reporting the income which is included on such statement or information return.’’. (b) ADDITIONAL MEASURES .— (1) EXAMINATION OF BOTH PAPER AND ELEC TRONIC STATEMENTS AND RETURNS .—The Sec retary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall examine the statements, information returns, and tax returns described in section 7529(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by subsection (a)) for any evidence of employmentrelated identity theft, regardless of whether such statements or returns are submitted electronically or on paper. (2) IMPROVEMENT OF EFFECTIVE RETURN  
ADMINISTRATION .—Section 232 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 432) is amended by inserting after the third sentence the following: ‘‘For purposes of carrying out the return processing program described in the 
preceding sentence, the Commissioner of Social Security shall request, not less than annually, such information described in section 7529(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as may be necessary to ensure the accuracy of the records maintained by the Commissioner of Social Security related to the amounts of wages paid to, and the amounts of selfemployment income derived by, individuals.’’. (3) UNDERREPORTING OF INCOME .—The Sec retary (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall establish procedures to ensure that income reported in connection with the unauthorized use of a taxpayer’s identity is not taken into account in determining any penalty for underreporting of income by the victim of identity theft. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 77 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 7529. Notification of suspected identity theft.’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to determinations made after the date that is 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 2009. GUIDELINES FOR STOLEN IDENTITY REFUND FRAUD CASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary (or the Secretary’s delegate), in consultation with the National Taxpayer Advocate, shall develop and implement publicly available guidelines for management of cases involving stolen identity refund fraud in a manner that reduces the administrative burden on taxpayers who are victims of such fraud. (b) STANDARDS AND PROCEDURES TOBE CONSIDERED .—The guidelines described in subsection (a) may include— (1) standards for— (A) the average length of time in which a case involving stolen identity refund fraud should be resolved; (B) the maximum length of time, on average, a taxpayer who is a victim of stolen identity refund fraud and is entitled to a tax refund which has been stolen should have to wait to receive such refund; and (C) the maximum number of offices and employees within the Internal Revenue Service with whom a taxpayer who is a victim of stolen identity refund fraud should be required to interact in order to resolve a case; (2) standards for opening, assigning, reassigning, or closing a case involving stolen identity refund fraud; and (3) procedures for implementing and accomplishing the standards described in paragraphs (1) and (2), and measures for evaluating such procedures and determining whether such standards have been successfully implemented. 
SEC. 2010. INCREASED PENALTY FOR IMPROPER DISCLOSURE OR USE OF INFORMATION BY PREPARERS OF RETURNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6713 is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) ENHANCED PENALTY FOR IMPROPER USE 
OR DISCLOSURE RELATING TO IDENTITY  THEFT .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a disclosure or use described in subsection (a) that is made in connection with a crime relating to the misappropriation of another person’s taxpayer identity (as defined in section 6103(b)(6)), whether or not such crime involves any tax filing, subsection (a) shall be applied— ‘‘(A) by substituting ‘$1,000’ for ‘$250’, and ‘‘(B) by substituting ‘$50,000’ for ‘$10,000’. ‘‘(2) SEPARATE APPLICATION OF TOTAL PEN ALTY LIMITATION .—The limitation on the total amount of the penalty under subsection (a) shall be applied separately with respect to disclosures or uses to which this subsection applies and to which it does not apply.’’. (b) CRIMINAL PENALTY .—Section 7216(a) is amended by striking ‘‘$1,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000 ($100,000 in the case of a disclosure or use to which section 6713(b) applies)’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to disclosures or uses on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Development of Information Technology 
SEC. 2101. MANAGEMENT OF INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) D UTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF INTER NAL REVENUE SERVICE CHIEF INFORMATION  OFFICER .—Section 7803, as amended by section 1001, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—There shall be in the Internal Revenue Service an Internal Revenue Service Chief Information Officer (hereafter referred to in this subsection as the ‘IRS CIO’) who shall be appointed by the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service. ‘‘(2) CENTRALIZED RESPONSIBILITY FOR IN TERNAL REVENUE SERVICE INFORMATION TECH NOLOGY .—The Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service (and the Secretary) shall act through the IRS CIO with respect to all development, implementation, and maintenance of information technology for the Internal Revenue Service. Any reference in this subsection to the IRS CIO which directs the IRS CIO to take any action, or to assume any responsibility, shall be treated as a reference to the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service acting through the IRS CIO. ‘‘(3) GENERAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBIL ITIES .—The IRS CIO shall— ‘‘(A) be responsible for the development, implementation, and maintenance of information technology for the Internal Revenue Service, ‘‘(B) ensure that the information technology of the Internal Revenue Service is secure and integrated, ‘‘(C) maintain operational control of all information technology for the Internal Revenue Service, ‘‘(D) be the principal advocate for the information technology needs of the Internal Revenue Service, and ‘‘(E) consult with the Chief Procurement Officer of the Internal Revenue Service to ensure that the information technology acquired for the Internal Revenue Service is consistent with— ‘‘(i) the goals and requirements specified in subparagraphs (A) through (D), and ‘‘(ii) the strategic plan developed under paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) STRATEGIC PLAN .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The IRS CIO shall develop and implement a multiyear strategic plan for the information technology needs of the Internal Revenue Service. Such plan shall— ‘‘(i) include performance measurements of such technology and of the implementation of such plan, ‘‘(ii) include a plan for an integrated enterprise architecture of the information technology of the Internal Revenue Service, ‘‘(iii) include and take into account the resources needed to accomplish such plan, ‘‘(iv) take into account planned major acquisitions of information technology by the Internal Revenue Service, including Customer Account Data Engine 2 and the Enterprise Case Management System, and ‘‘(v) align with the needs and strategic plan of the Internal Revenue Service. ‘‘(B) PLAN UPDATES .—The IRS CIO shall, not less frequently than annually, review and update the strategic plan under subparagraph (A) (including the plan for an integrated enterprise architecture described in subparagraph (A)(ii)) to take into account the development of new information technology and the needs of the Internal Revenue Service. ‘‘(5) SCOPE OF AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—For pur poses of this subsection, the term ‘information technology’ has the meaning given such term by section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. ‘‘(B) INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE .—Any ref erence in this subsection to the Internal Revenue Service includes a reference to all components of the Internal Revenue Service, including— ‘‘(i) the Office of the Taxpayer Advocate, ‘‘(ii) the Criminal Investigation Division of the Internal Revenue Service, and ‘‘(iii) except as otherwise provided by the Secretary with respect to information technology related to matters described in subsection (b)(3)(B), the Office of the Chief Counsel.’’. (b) INDEPENDENT VERIFICATION AND VALIDA TION OF THE CUSTOMER ACCOUNT DATAENGINE  2 
AND ENTERPRISE CASE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service shall enter into a contract with an independent reviewer to verify and validate the implementation plans (including the performance milestones and cost estimates included in such plans) developed for the Customer Account Data Engine 2 and the Enterprise Case Management System. (2) DEADLINE FOR COMPLETION .—Such contract shall require that such verification and validation be completed not later than the date which is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) APPLICATION TO PHASES OF CADE 2 .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to phase 1 of the Customer Account Data Engine 2 and shall apply separately to each other phase. (B) DEADLINE FOR COMPLETING PLANS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service shall complete the development of plans for all phases of the Customer Account Data Engine 2. (C) DEADLINE FOR COMPLETION OF  
VERIFICATION AND VALIDATION OF PLANS .—In the case of any phase after phase 2 of the Customer Account Data Engine 2, paragraph (2) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘the date on which the plan for such phase was completed’’ for ‘‘the date of the enactment of this Act’’. (c) COORDINATION OF IRS CIO AND CHIEF PROCUREMENT OFFICER OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Chief Procurement Officer of the Internal Revenue Service shall— (A) identify all significant IRS information technology acquisitions and provide written notification to the Internal Revenue Service Chief Information Officer (hereafter referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘IRS CIO’’) of each such acquisition in advance of such acquisition, and (B) regularly consult with the IRS CIO regarding acquisitions of information technology for the Internal Revenue Service, including meeting with the IRS CIO regarding such acquisitions upon request. 
(2) S IGNIFICANT IRS INFORMATION TECH NOLOGY ACQUISITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘significant IRS information technology acquisitions’’ means— (A) any acquisition of information technology for the Internal Revenue Service in excess of $1,000,000; and (B) such other acquisitions of information technology for the Internal Revenue Service (or categories of such acquisitions) as the IRS CIO, in consultation with the Chief Procurement Officer of the Internal Revenue Service, may identify. (3) SCOPE.—Terms used in this subsection which are also used in section 7803(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended by subsection (a)) shall have the same meaning as when used in such section. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2023, the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate (hereafter referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall make available an Internet website or other electronic media, with a user interface and functionality similar to the Business Services Online Suite of Services provided by the Social Security Administration, that will provide access to resources and guidance provided by the Internal Revenue Service and will allow persons to— (1) prepare and file Forms 1099; (2) prepare Forms 1099 for distribution to recipients other than the Internal Revenue Service; and (3) maintain a record of completed and submitted Forms 1099. (b) ELECTRONIC SERVICES TREATED AS SUPPLEMENTAL ; A PPLICATION OF SECURITY  STANDARDS .—The Secretary shall ensure that the services described in subsection (a)— (1) are a supplement to, and not a replacement for, other services provided by the Internal Revenue Service to taxpayers; and (2) comply with applicable security standards and guidelines. 
SEC. 2103. STREAMLINED CRITICAL PAY AUTHORITY FOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY POSITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 80 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7812. STREAMLINED CRITICAL PAY AUTHORITY FOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY POSITIONS. 
‘‘In the case of any position which is critical to the functionality of the information technology operations of the Internal Revenue Service— ‘‘(1) section 9503 of title 5, United States Code, shall be applied— ‘‘(A) by substituting ‘during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of section 7812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and ending on September 30, 2023’ for ‘Before September 30, 2013 in subsection (a)’, ‘‘(B) without regard to subparagraph (B) of subsection (a)(1), and ‘‘(C) by substituting ‘the date of the enactment of the Taxpayer First Act of 2018’ for ‘June 1, 1998’ in subsection (a)(6), ‘‘(2) section 9504 of such title 5 shall be applied by substituting ‘During the period beginning on the date of the enactment of section 7812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and ending on September 30, 2023’ for ‘Before September 30, 2013’ each place it appears in subsections (a) and (b), and ‘‘(3) section 9505 of such title shall be applied— ‘‘(A) by substituting ‘During the period beginning on the date of the enactment of section 7812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and ending on September 30, 2023’ for ‘Before September 30, 2013’ in subsection (a), and ‘‘(B) by substituting ‘the information technology operations’ for ‘significant functions’ in subsection (a).’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subchapter A of chapter 80 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 7812. Streamlined critical pay authority for information technology positions.’’. Subtitle C—Modernization of ConsentBased Income Verification System 
SEC. 2201. DISCLOSURE OF TAXPAYER INFORMATION FOR THIRDPARTY INCOME VERIFICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the close of the 2year period described in subsection (d)(1), the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate (hereafter referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall implement a program to ensure that any qualified disclosure— (1) is fully automated and accomplished through the Internet; and (2) is accomplished in as close to realtime as is practicable. (b) QUALIFIED DISCLOSURE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘qualified disclosure’’ means a disclosure under section 6103(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of returns or return information by the Secretary to a person seeking to verify the income or creditworthiness of a taxpayer who is a borrower in the process of a loan application. (c) APPLICATION OF SECURITY STANDARDS .— The Secretary shall ensure that the program described in subsection (a) complies with applicable security standards and guidelines. (d) USERFEE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—During the 2year period beginning on the first day of the 6th calendar month beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall assess and collect a fee for qualified disclosures (in addition to any other fee assessed and collected for such disclosures) at such rates as the Secretary determines are sufficient to cover the costs related to implementing the program described in subsection (a), including the costs of any necessary infrastructure or technology. (2) DEPOSIT OF COLLECTIONS .—Amounts received from fees assessed and collected under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in, and credited to, an account solely for the purpose of carrying out the activities described in subsection (a). Such amounts shall be available to carry out such activities without need of further appropriation and without fiscal year limitation. 
SEC. 2202. LIMIT REDISCLOSURES AND USES OF CONSENTBASED DISCLOSURES OF TAX RETURN INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6103(c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Persons designated by the taxpayer under this subsection to receive return information shall not use the information for any purpose other than the express purpose for which consent was granted and shall not disclose return information to any other person without the express permission of, or request by, the taxpayer.’’. (b) APPLICATION OF PENALTIES .—Section 6103(a)(3) is amended by inserting ‘‘subsection (c),’’ after ‘‘return information under’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to disclosures made after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—Expanded Use of Electronic Systems 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6011(e)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘250’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicable number of’’. (b) APPLICABLE NUMBER .—Section 6011(e) is amended by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) APPLICABLE NUMBER .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(A), the applicable number shall be— ‘‘(i) except as provided in subparagraph (B), in the case of calendar years before 2020, 250, ‘‘(ii) in the case of calendar year 2020, 100, and ‘‘(iii) in the case of calendar years after 2020, 10. ‘‘(B) SPECIAL RULE FOR PARTNERSHIPS FOR  
2018 AND 2019 .—In the case of a partnership, for any calendar year before 2020, the applicable number shall be— ‘‘(i) in the case of calendar year 2018, 200, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of calendar year 2019, 150. ‘‘(6) PARTNERSHIPS REQUIRED TO FILE ON  
MAGNETIC MEDIA .—Notwithstanding paragraph (2)(A), the Secretary shall require partnerships having more than 100 partners to file returns on magnetic media.’’. (c) RETURNS FILED BY A TAXRETURN PREPARER .—Section 6011(e)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) EXCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PREPARERS LO CATED IN AREAS WITHOUT INTERNET ACCESS .— The Secretary may waive the requirement of subparagraph (A) if the Secretary determines, on the basis of an application by the tax return preparer, that the preparer cannot meet such requirement by reason of being located in a geographic area which does not have access to internet service (other than dialup or satellite service).’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 2302. UNIFORM STANDARDS FOR THE USE OF ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES FOR DISCLOSURE AUTHORIZATIONS TO, AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS OF, PRACTITIONERS. 
Section 6061(b)(3) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) PUBLISHED GUIDANCE .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall publish guidance as appropriate to define and implement any waiver of the signature requirements or any method adopted under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES FOR DISCLO SURE AUTHORIZATIONS TO , AND OTHER AUTHOR IZATIONS OF , PRACTITIONERS .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this subparagraph, the Secretary shall publish guidance to establish uniform standards and procedures for the acceptance of taxpayers’ signatures appearing in electronic form with respect to any request for disclosure of a taxpayer’s return or return information under section 6103(c) to a practitioner or any power of attorney granted by a taxpayer to a practitioner. ‘‘(C) PRACTITIONER .—For purposes of subparagraph (B), the term ‘practitioner’ means any individual in good standing who is regulated under section 330 of title 31, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 2303. PAYMENT OF TAXES BY DEBIT AND CREDIT CARDS. 
Section 6311(d)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to the extent that the Secretary ensures that any such fee or other consideration is fully recouped by the Secretary in the form of fees paid to the Secretary by persons paying taxes imposed under subtitle A with credit, debit, or charge cards pursuant to such contract. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Secretary shall seek to minimize the amount of any fee or other consideration that the Secretary pays under any such contract.’’. 
SEC. 2304. REQUIREMENT THAT ELECTRONICALLY PREPARED PAPER RETURNS INCLUDE SCANNABLE CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 6011, as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) SPECIAL RULE FOR RETURNS PREPARED  
ELECTRONICALLY AND SUBMITTED ON PAPER .— The Secretary shall require that any return of tax which is prepared electronically, but is printed and filed on paper, bear a code which can, when scanned, convert such return to electronic format.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (1) of section 6011(e) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (3) and (7)’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to returns of tax the due date for which (determined without regard to extensions) is after December 31, 2020. 
SEC. 2305. AUTHENTICATION OF USERS OF ELECTRONIC SERVICES ACCOUNTS. 
Beginning 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall verify the identity of any individual opening an eServices account with the Internal Revenue Service before such individual is able to use the eServices tools. Subtitle E—Other Provisions 
SEC. 2401. REPEAL OF PROVISION REGARDING CERTAIN TAX COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND REPORTS. 
Section 2004 of the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 (26 U.S.C. 6012 note) is repealed. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall submit to Congress a written report providing a comprehensive training strategy for employees of the Internal Revenue Service, including— (1) a plan to streamline current training processes, including an assessment of the utility of further consolidating internal training programs, technology, and funding; (2) a plan to develop annual training regarding taxpayer rights, including the role of the Office of the Taxpayer Advocate, for employees that interface with taxpayers and their managers; (3) a plan to improve technologybased training; (4) proposals to— (A) focus employee training on early, fair, and efficient resolution of taxpayer disputes for employees that interface with taxpayers and their managers; and (B) ensure consistency of skill development and employee evaluation throughout the Internal Revenue Service; and (5) a thorough assessment of the funding necessary to implement such strategy. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Reform of Laws Governing Internal Revenue Service Employees 
(a) R ETENTION OF RECORDS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Email records of the Internal Revenue Service shall be retained in an appropriate electronic system that supports records management and litigation requirements, including the capability to identify, retrieve, and retain the records, in accordance with the requirements described in paragraph (2). (2) REQUIREMENTS .— (A) PRIOR TO CERTIFICATION .—The Commissioner of Internal Revenue and the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service shall retain all email records generated on or after the date of the enactment of this Act and before the date on which the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration makes the certification under subsection (c)(1). (B) PRINCIPAL OFFICERS AND SPECIFIED EM PLOYEES .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service shall maintain email records of all principal officers and specified employees of the Internal Revenue Service for a period of not less than 15 years beginning on the date such record was generated. (b) TRANSMISSION OF RECORDS TO THE NATIONAL ARCHIVES .—Not later than 15 years after the date on which an email record of a principal officer or specified employee of the Internal Revenue Service is generated, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service shall transfer such email record to the Archivist of the United States. (c) COMPLIANCE .— (1) CERTIFICATION .—On the date that the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration determines that the Internal Revenue Service has a program in place that complies with the requirements of subsections (a)(2)(B) and (b), the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration shall certify to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate that the Internal Revenue Service is in compliance with such requirements. (2) REPORTS .— (A) INTERIM REPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration shall submit a report to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate on the steps being taken by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service to comply with the requirements of subsections (a)(2)(B) and (b). (B) FINAL REPORT .—Not later than April 1, 2020, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration shall submit a report to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate describing whether the Internal Revenue Service is in compliance with the requirements of subsections (a)(2)(B) and (b). (d) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section— (1) PRINCIPAL OFFICER .—The term ‘‘principal officer’’ means, with respect to the Internal Revenue Service— (A) any employee whose position is listed under the Internal Revenue Service in the most recent version of the United States Government Manual published by the Office of the Federal Register; (B) any employee who is a senior staff member reporting directly to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue or the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service; and (C) any associate counsel, deputy counsel, or division head in the Office of the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service. (2) SPECIFIED EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘specified employee’’ means, with respect to the Internal Revenue Service, any employee who— (A) holds a Senior Executive Service position (as defined in section 3132 of title 5, United States Code) in the Internal Revenue Service or the Office of Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service; and (B) is not a principal officer of the Internal Revenue Service. SEC. 3002. PROHIBITION ON REHIRING ANY EMPLOYEE OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE WHO WAS INVOLUNTARILY SEPARATED FROM SERVICE FOR MISCONDUCT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7804 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) PROHIBITION ON REHIRING EMPLOYEES  INVOLUNTARILY SEPARATED .—The Commissioner may not hire any individual previously employed by the Commissioner who was removed for misconduct under this subchapter or chapter 43 or chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, or whose employment was terminated under section 1203 of the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 (26 U.S.C. 7804 note).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to the hiring of employees after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3003. NOTIFICATION OF UNAUTHORIZED INSPECTION OR DISCLOSURE OF RETURNS AND RETURN INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 7431 is amended by adding at the end the following new sentences: ‘‘The Secretary shall also notify such taxpayer if the Internal Revenue Service or a Federal or State agency (upon notice to the Secretary by such Federal or State agency) proposes an administrative determination as to disciplinary or adverse action against an employee arising from the employee’s unauthorized inspection or disclosure of the taxpayer’s return or return information. The notice described in this subsection shall include the date of the unauthorized inspection or disclosure and the rights of the taxpayer under such administrative determination.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to determinations proposed after the date which is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Provisions Relating to Exempt Organizations 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6033 is amended by redesignating subsection (n) as subsection (o) and by inserting after subsection (m) the following new subsection: ‘‘(n) MANDATORY ELECTRONIC FILING .—Any organization required to file a return under this section shall file such return in electronic form.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (7) of section 527(j) is amended by striking ‘‘if the organization has’’ and all that follows through ‘‘such calendar year’’. (c) INSPECTION OF ELECTRONICALLY FILED ANNUAL RETURNS .—Subsection (b) of section 6104 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any annual return required to be filed electronically under section 6033(n) shall be made available by the Secretary to the public as soon as practicable in a machine readable format.’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) TRANSITIONAL RELIEF .— (A) SMALL ORGANIZATIONS .— (i) IN GENERAL .—In the case of any small organizations, or any other organizations for which the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate (hereafter referred to in this paragraph as the ‘‘Secretary’’) determines the application of the amendments made by this section would cause undue burden without a delay, the Secretary may delay the application of such amendments, but such delay shall not apply to any taxable 
year beginning on or after the date 2 years after of the enactment of this Act. (ii) SMALL ORGANIZATION .—For purposes of clause (i), the term ‘‘small organization’’ means any organization— (I) the gross receipts of which for the taxable year are less than $200,000; and (II) the aggregate gross assets of which at the end of the taxable year are less than $500,000. (B) ORGANIZATIONS FILING FORM 990–T.—In the case of any organization described in section 511(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which is subject to the tax imposed by section 511(a)(1) of such Code on its unrelated business taxable income, or any organization required to file a return under section 6033 of such Code and include information under subsection (e) thereof, the Secretary may delay the application of the amendments made by this section, but such delay shall not apply to any taxable year beginning on or after the date 2 years after of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3102. NOTICE REQUIRED BEFORE REVOCATION OF TAX EXEMPT STATUS FOR FAILURE TO FILE RETURN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6033(j)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘If an organization’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) NOTICE .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—After an organization described in subsection (a)(1) or (i) fails to file the annual return or notice required under either subsection for 2 consecutive years, the Secretary shall notify the organization— ‘‘(I) that the Internal Revenue Service has no record of such a return or notice from such organization for 2 consecutive years, and ‘‘(II) about the revocation that will occur under subparagraph (B) if the organization fails to file such a return or notice by the due date for the next such return or notice required to be filed. The notification under the preceding sentence shall include information about how to comply with the filing requirements under subsection (a)(1) and (i). ‘‘(B) REVOCATION .—If an organization’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to failures to file returns or notices for 2 consecutive years if the return or notice for the second year is required to be filed after December 31, 2018. Subtitle C—Tax Court 
SEC. 3301. DISQUALIFICATION OF JUDGE OR MAGISTRATE JUDGE OF THE TAX COURT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part II of subchapter C of chapter 76 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7467. DISQUALIFICATION OF JUDGE OR MAGISTRATE JUDGE OF THE TAX COURT. 
‘‘Section 455 of title 28, United States Code, shall apply to judges and magistrate judges of the Tax Court and to proceedings of the Tax Court.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for such part is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 7467. Disqualification of judge or magistrate judge of the Tax Court.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7459 is amended by striking all that precedes subsection (c) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT .—An opinion upon any proceeding instituted before the Tax Court and a judgment thereon shall be made as quickly as practicable. The judgment shall be made by a judge in accordance with the opinion of the Tax Court, and such judgment so made shall, when entered, be the judgment of the Tax Court. ‘‘(b) INCLUSION OF FINDINGS OF FACT IN  OPINION .—It shall be the duty of the Tax Court and of each division to include in its opinion or memorandum opinion upon any proceeding, its findings of fact. The Tax Court shall issue in writing all of its findings of fact, opinions, and memorandum opinions. Subject to such conditions as the Tax Court may by rule provide, the requirements of this subsection and of section 7460 are met if findings of fact or opinion are stated orally and recorded in the transcript of the proceedings.’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Section 7459 is amended by redesignating subsection (g) as subsection (h) and by inserting after subsection (f) the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) REFERENCES .—Any reference in this title to a decision or report of the Tax Court shall be treated as a reference to a judgment or opinion of the Tax Court, respectively.’’. (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item relating to section 7459 in the table of sections for part II of subchapter C of chapter 76 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 7459. Opinions and judgments.’’. (d) CONTINUING EFFECT OF LEGAL DOCUMENTS .—All orders, decisions, reports, rules, permits, agreements, grants, contracts, certificates, licenses, registrations, privileges, and other administrative actions, in connection with the Tax Court, which are in effect at the time this section takes effect, or were final before the effective date of this section and are to become effective on or after the effective date of this section, shall continue in effect according to their terms until modified, terminated, superseded, set aside, or revoked in accordance with law by the Tax Court. 
SEC. 3303. TITLE OF SPECIAL TRIAL JUDGE CHANGED TO MAGISTRATE JUDGE OF THE TAX COURT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7443A is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘special trial judges’’ in subsections (a) and (e) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judges of the Tax Court’’; (2) by striking ‘‘special trial judges of the court’’ in subsection (b) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judges of the Tax Court’’; and (3) by striking ‘‘special trial judge’’ in subsections (c) and (d) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge of the Tax Court’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The heading of section 7443A is amended by striking ‘‘
COURT ’’. (2) The heading of section 7443A(b) is amended by striking ‘‘SPECIAL TRIAL JUDGES ’’ and inserting ‘‘M AGISTRATE JUDGES  
OF THE TAXCOURT ’’. (3) The item relating to section 7443A in the table of sections for part I of subchapter C of chapter 76 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 7443A. Magistrate judges of the Tax Court.’’. (4) The heading of section 7448 is amended by striking ‘‘
COURT ’’. (5) Section 7448 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘special trial judge’s’’ each place it appears in subsections (a)(6), (c)(1), (d), and (m)(1) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge of the Tax Court’s’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘special trial judge’’ each place it appears other than in subsection (n) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge of the Tax Court’’. (6) Section 7448(n) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘special trial judge which are allowable’’ and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge of the Tax Court which are allowable’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘special trial judge of the Tax Court’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge of the Tax Court’’. (7) The heading of section 7448(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘SPECIAL TRIAL  
OF THE TAX COURT ’’. (8) The item relating to section 7448 in the table of sections for part I of subchapter C of chapter 76 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 7448. Annuities to surviving spouses and dependent children of judges and magistrate judges of the Tax Court.’’. (9) Section 7456(a) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘special trial judge’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘(or by the clerk’’ and inserting ‘‘of the Tax Court (or by the clerk’’. (10) Section 7466(a) is amended by striking ‘‘special trial judge’’ and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge’’. (11) Section 7470A is amended by striking ‘‘special trial judges’’ both places it appears in subsections (a) and (b) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judges’’. (12) Section 7471(a)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘special trial judges’’ and inserting ‘‘magistrate judges’’. (13) Section 7471(c) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘SPECIAL TRIAL JUDGES ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘MAGISTRATE  JUDGES OF THE TAXCOURT ’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘special trial judges’’ and inserting ‘‘magistrate judges’’. 
SEC. 3304. REPEAL OF DEADWOOD RELATED TO BOARD OF TAX APPEALS. 
(a) Section 7459, as amended by this Act, is amended by striking subsection (f) and by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively. (b) Section 7447(a)(3) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) In any determination of length of service as judge or as a judge of the Tax Court of the United States there shall be included all periods (whether or not consecutive) during which an individual served as judge.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. RICE) and the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. LEWIS) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from South Carolina. 
Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 7227, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from South Carolina? There was no objection. Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is a bipartisan, commonsense measure that I am proud to have worked on alongside Mr. LEWIS and many members of the Ways and Means Committee for the past 2 years. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of H.R. 7227. I am proud of the product and of the process. I thank the gentleman from South Carolina for all of his help and all of his great work. Let me also thank Chairman BRADY  for his tireless work and commitment to this bill. From start to finish, he worked with us to advance good, responsible policy. This afternoon, I again thank him, the gentlewoman from Kansas (Ms. JENKINS ), and the gentleman from Florida (Mr. BUCHANAN ) for serving as partners in leading this effort. I also thank our staff again for their good and great work. They refused to give up; they refused to give in. They worked together on behalf of the American taxpayers and of the American people, and they did a great and superb job. For over a year, the Ways and Means Oversight Subcommittee hosted hearings and roundtables. We listened and asked questions. We asked Democratic and Republican Members to share their concerns and ideas. We reached out to taxpayers and advocates. We negotiated. We took our time, and, Mr. Speaker, I believe that we did it and we did it right. Together, we developed a bill that improves the independent appeals process and taxpayer services. We worked together to ensure that taxpayers—especially those who are lowincome, disabled, and senior citizens—receive fair, quality, and timely help and support. For these reasons, I am especially proud of our work to prevent private debt collectors from excessively targeting lowincome taxpayers. As a result, our bill will ease the burden on those who are already struggling to keep a roof over their head and food on the table. From the beginning, we committed to bipartisanship, and we refused to abandon our course. I believe that this experience took our subcommittee and our institution back to our roots. Mr. Speaker, at every crossroad, we remembered the lessons from the past and chose to put the taxpayer first. The process was transparent and inclusive, and the product is strong and timely. For these reasons, Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. RICE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 7227, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
VEHICULAR TERRORISM PREVENTION ACT OF 2018 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 4227) an act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to examine what actions the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to combat the threat of vehicular terrorism, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendments is as follows: Senate amendments: 
Ω1æOn page 2, line 16, insert ‘‘and the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation’’ after ‘‘Affairs’’. Ω2æOn page 3, strike lines 17 through 20 and insert the following: (2) VEHICULAR TERRORISM .—The term ‘‘vehicular terrorism’’ means an action that utilizes automotive transportation to commit terrorism (as defined in section 2(18) of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 101(18))). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) and the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kansas. 
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include any extraneous materials on the bill under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kansas? There was no objection. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4227, the Vehicular Terrorism Prevention Act, introduced by the gentleman from Ohio, Representative LATTA . H.R. 4227 requires the Secretary of Homeland Security to examine the threat of vehicular terrorism and develop a strategy to improve DHS support for the efforts of emergency responders and the private sector to prevent, mitigate, and respond to such a threat. Terror groups, including ISIS and al Qaida, have urged supporters to carry out attacks in their home countries using any means necessary, including vehicular ramming. Terrorists and inspired homegrown extremists have heeded this direction and have carried out vehicularbased attacks in the past several years, including in France, England, Spain, Ohio, and New York City. DHS has existing resources and programs that can be better utilized to prepare frontline personnel in local communities to address the threat of vehicular terrorism. H.R. 4227 requires the Secretary to develop a plan on how to improve and increase these capabilities. This bill passed the House on March 22 of this year. The Senate made minor changes to this measure and passed it with unanimous consent on December 18. I thank Representative LATTA for his work on this important measure, and I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge the House to concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 4227, the Vehicular Terrorism Prevention Act of 2017. Mr. Speaker, I urge adoption of the Senate amendments to H.R. 4227. They are technical in nature and would enhance H.R. 4227, a bill to require the Department of Homeland Security to report to Congress on what it is doing to help emergency responders and private sector partners counter the threat of vehicular terrorism. It would also explain how DHS is using existing DHS programs like grants, information sharing, training, and research to help in this effort. I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. b1230 Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. LATTA ), the sponsor of the bill. Mr. LATTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to support the Senate amendment to my bill, H.R. 4227, the Vehicular Terrorism Prevention Act. It previously passed the House by a vote of 417–2 and was amended by the Senate to make simple technical corrections. Over the past several years, we have seen an increased frequency of terrorists around the world using vehicles, oftentimes rental vans or trucks, to commit violence. The United States has not been immune to these attacks as we saw in New York City at the end of last year when a terrorist killed 8 people and injured 11. This bipartisan legislation will ensure that the Department of Homeland Security is doing their due diligence to guard against attacks like this in the future. It would require the DHS Secretary to assess the activities the Department is undertaking to combat the threat of vehicular terrorism and submit a strategy to Congress on its findings and recommendations. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman MCCAUL, Ranking Member T HOMP SON, Senator B ILLCASSIDY , and the staffs of both the House and Senate committees for their work in advancing this legislation. I urge my colleagues to join me in concurring with the Senate amendment to H.R. 4227. 
Again, I thank the gentleman for yielding to me. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, as threats to our homeland continue to evolve and as violent extremists seek to exploit soft targets, the risks posed to our innocent bystanders from vehicular terrorism continues to grow. A vote today to concur with the Senate amendment to H.R. 4227 is a vote to bolster preparedness and response to these emerging threats. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I once again urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to the bill, H.R. 4227. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
STEPHEN MICHAEL GLEASON CONGRESSIONAL GOLD MEDAL ACT Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2652) to award a Congressional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2652 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stephen Michael Gleason Congressional Gold Medal Act’’. 
The Congress finds the following: (1) Stephen ‘‘Steve’’ Gleason was born March 19, 1977, in Spokane, Washington to Mike and Gail Gleason. (2) Steve attended Gonzaga Preparatory School for high school where he excelled as both a football and baseball player. (3) In 1995, Steve enrolled at Washington State University where he was a 2sport athlete for the baseball and football teams and helped the Cougars football team advance to the 1997 Rose Bowl. (4) In 2000, Steve signed a professional football contract with the Indianapolis Colts of the National Football League as an undrafted free agent but later joined the New Orleans Saints in November of that same season. (5) Steve would go on to play 7 more seasons as a member of the New Orleans Saints. (6) Steve will always be remembered for his blocked punt on September 25, 2006, against the Atlanta Falcons, the night the Louisiana Superdome reopened for the first time after Hurricane Katrina in a game the Saints would win 23 to 3. (7) In January, 2011 Steve was diagnosed with amyotrophic lateral sclerosis or ALS, considered a terminal neuromuscular disease. (8) Following his diagnosis, Steve, with the loving support of his wife, Michel, began a mission to show that patients can not only live but thrive after a diagnosis of ALS and established The Gleason Initiative Foundation also known simply as ‘‘Team Gleason’’. (9) At the time of his diagnosis, however, Steve said there will be ‘‘No White Flags’’, which has become the mantra of Team Gleason. (10) The Gleason Initiative Foundation helps provide individuals with neuromuscular diseases or injuries with leading edge technology, equipment and services, raises global awareness about ALS to find solutions and an end to the disease, and has helped hundreds of people with ALS experience life adventures they never thought possible after their diagnosis. (11) Steve’s story and mission have been told by the NFL Network, ESPN, HBO, ABC, CBS, CNN, and many local media outlets, as well as in a 2016 documentary titled ‘‘Gleason’’, which was heralded at the Sundance Film Festival and premiered across the country with Variety calling the production ‘‘an emotional powerhouse’’. The documentary won several awards, including the 2016 Washington, D.C. Area Film Critics Association Award for Best Documentary. (12) Steve was named one of two Sports Illustrated’s Inspirations of the Year in 2014, has been a keynote speaker for Microsoft and at two United Nations sponsored Social Innovation Summits, and received the 2015 George S. Halas Courage Award, given to a NFL player, coach or staff member who overcomes the most adversity to succeed. (13) Steve helped advocate for the Steve Gleason Act of 2015 (Public Law 114–40; 129 Stat. 441), and the Steve Gleason Enduring Voices Act of 2017, H.R. 2465, 115th Congress (2017), which permanently ensures people living with diseases such ALS have access to speech generating devices regardless of their setting, whether at home or a healthcare institution. (14) In 2014, Steve and Team Gleason hosted a global summit to bring together researchers, patients, caregivers, and all ALS stakeholders to create a plan to ultimately end ALS. That summit resulted in the single largest coordinated and collaborative ALS research project in the world, Answer ALS, which brings together nearly two dozen research institutions, 1,000 patients and 20,000,000,000,000 data points that are important to the project and that will define the unknown pathways that will lead to treatments or finally a cure. (15) In 2015, Steve and Microsoft worked together to create a method for people who are completely paralyzed to navigate their power wheelchairs with their eyes. Today, Steve, Microsoft and all wheelchair manufacturers are working collaboratively to make it widely available to all who need this technology. In addition, Microsoft has also made eye tracking technology part of all Windows 10 products across the globe. (16) In 2011, 10 months after his diagnosis, Steve and Michel made their most significant accomplishment, becoming parents to their son Rivers. (17) Steve and Michel Gleason continue to fight to find a solution for ALS so they can share many years together and as parents to Rivers. 
(a) A WARD AUTHORIZED .—The Speaker of the House of Representatives and the President pro tempore of the Senate shall make appropriate arrangements for the award, on behalf of the Congress, of a single gold medal of appropriate design to Stephen Michael Gleason. (b) DESIGN AND STRIKING .—For the purposes of the award referred to in subsection (a), the Secretary of the Treasury (hereafter in this Act referred to as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall strike the gold medal with suitable emblems, devices, and inscriptions, to be determined by the Secretary. 
Under such regulations as the Secretary may prescribe, the Secretary may strike and sell duplicates in bronze of the gold medal struck under section 3, at a price sufficient to cover the costs of the medals, including labor, materials, dies, use of machinery, and overhead expenses. 
Medals struck pursuant to this Act are national medals for purposes of chapter 51 of title 31, United States Code. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this important bill has wide bipartisan support, and I urge all Members to support this legislation. Mr. Gleason who was a former player with the New Orleans Saints, has done significant work in the area of ALS—in ALS education and advocacy and its damaging effects. I, like many people in this Chamber and many people across the country, have been touched by this personally, with friends or family members, and we know the ravages that occur with this horrible disease, ALS, also known as Lou Gehrig’s disease. Mr. Speaker, I urge all of my colleagues to support this important legislation, the Stephen Michael Gleason Congressional Gold Medal Act, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2652 and its House companion sponsored by my friend, Representative CEDRIC RICHMOND , which awards a Congressional Gold Medal to Stephen Michael Gleason, whose tireless work for people living with ALS should be honored. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. RICHMOND ), the sponsor of the House version of this bill. Mr. RICHMOND. Mr. Speaker, let me thank my colleague, Mr. CLAYfrom St. Louis, and my colleague from Michigan. I understand the difficulty in saying very loud the ‘‘New Orleans 
Saints,’’ but I just want to also thank Senator BILL CASSIDY , and Senator PATTY MURRAY for authoring this bill and working so hard to get it across the finish line. I would also like to thank Representative CATHY MCMORRISRODGERS and Representative S TEVE  SCALISE for working with me in the House. The Congressional Gold Medal is a special award, and today we are coming together to support giving it to a special person. This is an award for people who dedicate themselves to causes bigger than themselves and for those who work tirelessly to help the lives of others. Both of those describe the son of Who Dat Nation, Steve Gleason. Steve, after being diagnosed with ALS, came together with his team to form Team Gleason, and he declared then that there would be no white flags in dealing with ALS. Steve is a selfless individual who has used his life to raise awareness of ALS and who has been instrumental in developing technology in order to combat this disease. He has done so much that has tangibly improved people’s lives now and will continue to do so for years to come. That is why I am proud to introduce this bill in the House and to be standing here today concurring in the Senate bill to honor Steve’s contributions to society. Mr. Speaker, I would urge my colleagues to support giving the Congressional Gold Medal to our son of Who Dat Nation, Steve Gleason. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to reserve, but I would like to note to my friend from Louisiana, as a Lions fan, it is much easier to be supportive of a Saints player than if this guy had actually been a Green Bay Packer. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I have no football team in St. Louis, but we do have the Kansas City Chiefs, who are doing pretty well. Mr. Speaker, I have no further speakers. I urge Members to vote for this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I will note to my colleagues that as a Detroit Lions fan, I, too, don’t have a football team, but I am proud to stand on the floor today and note that this is an important time to address these things. We all, as a nation, are thankful for the work of Mr. Gleason in this important issue, and I do urge support from all of my colleagues. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2652. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
RBIC ADVISERS RELIEF ACT OF 2018 Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2765) to amend the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 to exempt investment advisers who solely advise certain rural business investment companies, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2765 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘RBIC Advisers Relief Act of 2018’’. 
Section 203 of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3(b)) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (6)(B)— (i) by adjusting the margins accordingly; and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; (B) in paragraph (7)(C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) any investment adviser, other than an entity that has elected to be regulated or is regulated as a business development company pursuant to section 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–53), who solely advises— ‘‘(A) rural business investment companies (as defined in section 384A of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc)); or ‘‘(B) companies that have submitted to the Secretary of Agriculture an application in accordance with section 384D(b) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act (7 U.S.C. 2009cc–3(b)) that— ‘‘(i) have received from the Secretary of Agriculture a letter of conditions, which has not been revoked; or ‘‘(ii) are affiliated with 1 or more rural business investment companies described in subparagraph (A).’’; (2) in subsection (l), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(3) ADVISERS OF RBICS .—For purposes of this subsection, a venture capital fund includes an entity described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (b)(8) (other than an entity that has elected to be regulated as a business development company pursuant to section 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–53)).’’; and (3) in subsection (m), by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) ADVISERS OF RBICS .—For purposes of this subsection, the assets under management of a private fund that is an entity described in subparagraph (A) or (B) of subsection (b)(8) (other than an entity that has elected to be regulated or is regulated as a business development company pursuant to section 54 of the Investment Company Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80a–53)) shall be excluded from the limit set forth in paragraph (1).’’. 
Section 203A(b)(1) of the Investment Advisers Act of 1940 (15 U.S.C. 80b–3a(b)(1)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (C), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; or’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) that is not registered under section 203 because that person is exempt from registration as provided in subsection (b)(8) of such section, or is a supervised person of such person.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) and the gentleman from Missouri (Mr. CLAY) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Michigan. 
Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include any extraneous material on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Michigan? There was no objection. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this critical bill has broad and extensive bipartisan support, and I urge all Members to support this legislation. A few years ago, we had gone in and done a technical fix regarding small businesses, and this Rural Business Investment Company, or the RBIC, deals with language that will allow the advisers to go in and deal with rural businesses—not just small business, but these rural businesses. We think that this is an important step to helping rural America continue the economic recovery that they have seen over the last year or two. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. CLAY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased that the House is taking up S. 2765, a bill that shows once again that Democrats support investment, job creation, and the development of wealth in rural areas. The bill is simple. It extends the exemption from registration in the Dodd Frank Act to certain advisers to small private funds known as Rural Business Investment Companies, which are regulated by the USDA and are required to provide significant financing to rural area small businesses. Mr. Speaker, I support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. HUIZENGA. Mr. Speaker, I just want to note that we are having our second Senate bill from Louisiana, so we are covering our colleagues from down in Louisiana. I just want to encourage my colleagues to support this important piece of legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. HUIZENGA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2765. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A message from the Senate by Ms. Byrd, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed without amendment bills of the House of the following titles: 
H.R. 1733. An act to direct the Secretary of Energy to review and update a report on the energy and environmental benefits of the re refining of used lubricating oil. H.R. 4819. An act to promote inclusive economic growth through conservation and biodiversity programs that facilitate transboundary cooperation, improve natural resource management, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin of southern Africa. H.R. 5787. An act to amend the Coastal Barrier Resources Act to give effect to more accurate maps of units of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System that were produced by digital mapping of such units, and for other purposes. H.R. 7327. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Secretary to establish a security vulnerability disclosure policy, to establish a bug bounty program for the Department of Homeland Security, to amend title 41, United States Code, to provide for Federal acquisition supply chain security, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed with amendments in which the concurrence of the House is requested, bills of the House of the following titles: 
H.R. 767. An act to establish the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to address human trafficking in the health care system. H.R. 5509. An act to direct the National Science Foundation to provide grants for research about STEM education approaches and the STEMrelated workforce, and for other purposes. 
The message also announced that the Senate has passed bills of the following titles in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 79. An act to provide for the establishment of a pilot program to identify security vulnerabilities of certain entities in the energy sector. S. 512. An act to modernize the regulation of nuclear energy. S. 1023. An act to reauthorize the Tropical Forest Conservation Act of 1998 through fiscal year 2021, and for other purposes. S. 3611. An act to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to facilitate the disclosure of tax return information to carry out the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes. S. 3800. An act to designate the United States courthouse located at 351 South West Temple in Salt Lake City, Utah, as the ‘‘Orrin G. Hatch United States Courthouse’’. 
The message also announced that pursuant to the provisions of Public Law 106–398, as amended by Public Law 108–7, the Chair, on behalf of the Democratic Leader, and in consultation with the Ranking Members of the Senate Committee on Armed Services and the Senate Committee on Finance, announces the appointment of the following individual to serve as a member of the United StatesChina Economic Security Review Commission: Thea M. Lee of the District of Columbia for a term expiring December 31, 2020. f 
b1245 INNOVATIONS IN MENTORING, TRAINING, AND APPRENTICESHIPS ACT Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 5509) to direct the National Science Foundation to provide grants for research about STEM education approaches and the STEMrelated workforce, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Innovations in Mentoring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act’’. 
Congress finds the following: (1) To remain competitive in the global economy, foster greater innovation, and provide a foundation for shared prosperity, the United States needs a workforce with the right mix of skills to meet the diverse needs of the economy. (2) Evidence indicates that the returns on investments in technical skills in the labor market are strong when students successfully complete their education and gain credentials sought by employers. (3) The responsibility for developing and sustaining a skilled technical workforce is fragmented across many groups, including educators, students, workers, employers, Federal, State, and local governments, civic associations, and other stakeholders. Such groups need to be able to coordinate and cooperate successfully with each other. (4) Coordination among students, community colleges, secondary and postsecondary institutions, and employers would improve educational outcomes. (5) Promising experiments currently underway may guide innovation and reform, but scalability of some of those experiments has not yet been tested. (6) Evidence suggests that integration of academic education, technical skills development, and handson work experience improves outcomes and return on investment for students in secondary and postsecondary education and for skilled technical workers in different career stages. (7) Outcomes show that mentoring can increase STEM student engagement and the rate of completion of STEM postsecondary degrees. 
SEC. 3. NATIONAL SCIENCE FOUNDATION STEM INNOVATION AND APPRENTICESHIP GRANTS. 
Section 3 of the Scientific and Advanced Technology Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 1862i) is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (d) through (g) as subsections (g) through (j), respectively; (2) by inserting after subsection (c) the following: ‘‘(d) GRANTS FOR ASSOCIATE DEGREE PROGRAMS IN STEM F IELDS .— ‘‘(1) INDEMAND WORKFORCE GRANTS .—The Di rector shall award grants to junior or community colleges to develop or improve associate degree or certificate programs in STEM fields, with respect to the region in which the respective college is located, and an indemand industry sector or occupation. ‘‘(2) APPLICATIONS .—In considering applications for grants under paragraph (1), the Director shall prioritize— ‘‘(A) applications that consist of a partnership between the applying junior or community college and individual employers or an employer consortia, or industry or sector partnerships, and may include a university or other organization with demonstrated expertise in academic program development; ‘‘(B) applications that demonstrate current and future workforce demand in occupations directly related to the proposed associate degree or certificate program; ‘‘(C) applications that include commitments by the partnering employers or employer consortia, or industry or sector partnerships, to offer apprenticeships, internships, or other applied learning opportunities to students enrolled in the proposed associate degree or certificate program; ‘‘(D) applications that include outreach plans and goals for recruiting and enrolling women and other underrepresented populations in STEM fields in the proposed associate degree or certificate program; and ‘‘(E) applications that describe how the applying junior or community college will support the collection of information and data for purposes of evaluation of the proposed associate degree or certificate program. ‘‘(e) GRANTS FOR STEM D EGREE APPLIED  LEARNING OPPORTUNITIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Director shall award grants to institutions of higher education partnering with private sector employers or private sector employer consortia, or industry or sector partnerships, that commit to offering apprenticeships, internships, research opportunities, or applied learning experiences to enrolled students in identified STEM baccalaureate degree programs. ‘‘(2) PURPOSES .—Awards under this subsection may be used— ‘‘(A) to develop curricula and programs for apprenticeship, internships, research opportunities, or applied learning experiences; or ‘‘(B) to provide matching funds to incentivize partnership and participation by private sector employers and industry. ‘‘(3) APPLICATIONS .—In considering applications for grants under paragraph (1), the Director shall prioritize— ‘‘(A) applicants that consist of a partnership between— ‘‘(i) the applying institution of higher education; and ‘‘(ii) individual employers or an employer consortia, or industry or sector partnerships; ‘‘(B) applications that demonstrate current and future workforce demand in occupations directly related to the identified STEM fields; ‘‘(C) applications that include outreach plans and goals for recruiting and enrolling women and other underrepresented populations in STEM fields; and ‘‘(D) applications that describe how the institution of higher education will support the collection and information of data for purposes of the evaluation of identified STEM degree programs. ‘‘(f) GRANTS FOR COMPUTER BASED AND ONLINESTEM E DUCATION COURSES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Director of the National Science Foundation shall award competitive grants to institutions of higher education or nonprofit organizations to conduct research on student outcomes and determine best practices for STEM education and technical skills education through distance learning or in a simulated work environment. 
‘‘(2) R ESEARCH AREAS .—The research areas eligible for funding under this subsection may include— ‘‘(A) postsecondary courses for technical skills development for STEM occupations; ‘‘(B) improving highschool level career and technical education in STEM subjects; ‘‘(C) encouraging and sustaining interest and achievement levels in STEM subjects among women and other populations historically underrepresented in STEM studies and careers; and ‘‘(D) combining computerbased and online STEM education and skills development with traditional mentoring and other mentoring arrangements, apprenticeships, internships, and other applied learning opportunities.’’; (3) in subsection (a)(3)(A), by striking the comma and inserting a semicolon; (4) in subsection (c)(1)(B)(iv), by striking ‘‘subsection (f)(3)’’ and inserting ‘‘subsection (i)(3)’’; (5) in subsection (h), as redesignated— (A) in the heading, by striking ‘‘LIMITATION  
ONFUNDING ’’ and inserting ‘‘F UNDING ’’; (B) by inserting ‘‘(3) LIMITATION ON FUND ING.—’’ before ‘‘To qualify’’ and indenting appropriately; and (C) by inserting before paragraph (3), as redesignated, the following: ‘‘(1) FUNDING .—The Director shall allocate out of amounts made available for the Education and Human Resources Directorate— ‘‘(A) up to $5,000,000 to carry out the activities under subsection (d) for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2022, subject to the availability of appropriations; ‘‘(B) up to $2,500,000 to carry out the activities under subsection (e) for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2022, subject to the availability of appropriations; and ‘‘(C) up to $2,500,000 to carry out the activities under subsection (f) for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2022, subject to the availability of appropriations. ‘‘(2) LIMITATION ON FUNDING .—Amounts made available to carry out subsections (d), (e), and (f) shall be derived from amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the National Science Foundation.’’; and (6) in subsection (j), as redesignated— (A) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (B) by redesignating paragraph (5) as paragraph (7); and (C) by inserting after paragraph (4) the following: ‘‘(5) the term ‘indemand industry sector or occupation’ has the meaning given the term in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102); ‘‘(6) the term ‘junior or community college’ has the meaning given the term in section 312 of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1058);’’; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(8) the term ‘region’ means a labor market area, as that term is defined in section 3 of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3102); and ‘‘(9) the terms ‘mathematics, science, engineering, or technology’ or ‘STEM’ mean science, technology, engineering, and mathematics, including computer science.’’. 
SEC. 4. RESEARCH ON EFFICIENCY OF SKILLED TECHNICAL LABOR MARKETS. 
(a) E FFICIENCY OF SKILLED TECHNICAL LABOR  MARKETS .—The Director of the National Science Foundation, working through the Directorate of Social, Behavioral & Economic Sciences, in coordination with the Secretary of Labor, shall support research on labor market analysis innovations, data and information sciences, electronic information tools and methodologies, and metrics. (b) SKILLED TECHNICAL WORKFORCE .— (1) REVIEW .—The National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics of the National Science Foundation shall consult and coordinate with other relevant Federal statistical agencies, including the Institute of Education Sciences of the Department of Education, and the Committee on Science, Technology, Engineering, and Mathematics Education of the National Science and Technology Council established under section 101 of the America COMPETES Act of 2010 (Public Law 111–358), to explore the feasibility of expanding its surveys to include the collection of objective data on the skilled technical workforce. (2) REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall submit to Congress a report on the progress made in expanding the National Center for Science and Engineering Statistics surveys to include the skilled technical workforce, including a plan for multiagency collaboration to improve data collection and reporting of data on the skilled technical workforce. (3) DEFINITION OF SKILLED TECHNICAL WORK FORCE .—The term ‘‘‘skilled technical workforce’’’ means workers with high school diplomas and twoyear technical training or certifications who employ significant levels of STEM knowledge in their jobs. 
(a) E VALUATION .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 2 years after the date of enactment of this Act, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall evaluate the grant programs established under subsections (d), (e), and (f) of section 3 of the Scientific and AdvancedTechnology Act of 1992 (42 U.S.C. 1862i), as amended by this Act. (2) REQUIREMENTS .—In conducting the evaluation under paragraph (1), the Director shall— (A) use a common set of benchmarks and assessment tools to identify best practices and materials developed or demonstrated by the research conducted pursuant to such grants and programs under subsection (f) of that section; (B) include an assessment of the effectiveness of the grant programs in expanding apprenticeships, internships, and other applied learning opportunities offered by employers in conjunction with junior or community colleges, or institutions of higher education, as applicable; (C) assess the number of students who participated in the grant programs; and (D) assess the percentage of students participating in the grant programs who successfully complete their education programs. (b) REPORT ON EVALUATIONS .—Not later than 180 days after the date the evaluation under subsection (a) is complete, the Director of the National Science Foundation shall submit to Congress and the Secretary of Education, and make widely available to the public, a report on the results of the evaluation, including any recommendations for legislative action that could optimize the effectiveness of the grant programs. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on H.R. 5509, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5509, the IMT Apprenticeships Act, was introduced by Majority Leader KEVIN MCCARTHY with my support and that of the ranking minority member of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. It increases our STEM workforce and improves our national competitiveness. The IMT Apprenticeships Act directs the National Science Foundation to fund initiatives that support innovative partnerships between academic institutions and local industries. These programs combine formal education with work experiences such as apprenticeships, pairing local employers with the STEM industry. This bill also requires the NSF to conduct research on market analysis innovations and America’s skilled technical workforce. I would like to thank Leader MCCARTHY, Ranking Member E DDIE BERNICE  JOHNSON , and Senate Commerce Chairman JOHN THUNE for their efforts on this bipartisan bill. The IMT Apprenticeships Act enhances America’s STEM competitiveness and contributes to our future economic prosperity. Mr. Speaker, I urge its support, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5509, the Innovations in Mentoring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act. I thank Majority Leader MCCARTHY for introducing this good legislation. In the interest of time, I will be placing extended remarks in the RECORD today. I rise in support of H.R. 5509, the Innovations in Mentoring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act. I thank Majority Leader MCCARTHY  for introducing this good legislation. Building a STEM workforce that can meet the demands of our continually evolving economy is one of the most pressing challenges we face today. With a persistent and widening STEM skills gap, companies in all sectors continue to struggle to meet their needs for skilled technical workers. We must do more to ensure we are preparing a workforce that can keep pace with these demands, and not just in the near term. Apprenticeships are a promising approach to bridging this gap. By investing in education and onthejob training for their workers, employers can develop a workforce equipped with skills tailored to their specific needs. After completing an apprenticeship program, workers are on the path to a longterm, wellpaying career. H.R. 5509 directs the National Science Foundation to provide grants for developing or improving associate, certificate, and applied learning programs at community colleges and universities in partnership with employers. This bill also directs NSF to support research on the skilled technical labor market. These are important steps in the right direction. In order to build a strong skilled technical workforce we must do more to expand access to these careers. Women make up nearly half of the workforce but only 6 percent of apprentices. I am glad this bill highlights the need for better outreach and I look forward to exploring what more can be done to ensure women and other underrepresented minorities have the 
same opportunities to benefit from apprenticeships. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I would like to speak in support of H.R. 5509, the innovations in Mentoring, Training, and Apprenticeships Act. I comment Majority Leader MCCARTHY for his leadership in addressing this important issue with this legislation. I am heartened to see so much attention being paid to the importance of developing a STEM workforce that is equipped to meet the demands of an increasingly automated and technologydriven economy. As Ranking Member of the Science Committee, I am committed to ensuring all students and individuals seeking a career change have access to the education and technical skills training they need to pursue highpaying, meaningful STEM careers. It is high time we as a society recognize the value of apprenticeships as avenues to high quality careers. We have work to do to change the perception of skilled technical labor and it starts by recognizing that our STEM workforce includes so much more than just those with advanced STEM degrees. A strong STEM workforce is built on the foundation of blue collar STEM workers— workers who use their extensive STEM knowledge and skills day in and day out without the need for a traditional fouryear degree. Blue collar STEM workers contribute to our nation’s economic competitiveness in immeasurable ways. What good is it for a company to have the most innovative engineers and scientists if they don’t have the laboratory managers, technicians, mechanics, IT workers, machinists, and welders to transform their ideas into reality? We will need more blue collar STEM workers if we are to keep pace with our global competitors. One key barrier to developing a strong STEM workforce is the misalignment between the education and training provided at community colleges and universities and the knowledge and skills employers need. H.R. 5509 takes us in the right direction by directing federal support for developing and improving STEM associate degree and applied learning programs in partnership with local employers. In the new congress I look forward to continuing to explore ways in which Congress can help strengthen the blue collar STEM workforce that is so vital to our success. I urge my colleagues to support this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 5509. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. NASA ENHANCED USE LEASING EXTENSION ACT OF 2018 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 7) to amend title 51, United States Code, to extend the authority of the National Aeronautics and Space Administration to enter into leases of nonexcess property of the Administration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: S. 7 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘NASA Enhanced Use Leasing Extension Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. EXTENSION OF AUTHORITY TO ENTER INTO LEASES OF NONEXCESS PROPERTY OF THE NATIONAL AERONAUTICS AND SPACE ADMINISTRATION. 
Section 20145(g) of title 51, United States Code, is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2019’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 7, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, the bipartisan NASA Enhanced Use Leasing Extension Act of 2018 facilitates commercial access to NASA infrastructure and facilities. NASA’s enhanced use lease authority gives NASA a crucial tool to partner with the private sector. For instance, NASA used EUL authority to lease SpaceX, the historic Apollo and Space Shuttle launch Pad 39A, promoting the transition from allgovernment space activities to commercial ventures. I would like to thank Senator ROGER  WICKER for his initiative on this bill which allows NASA to continue to implement this key authority while Congress works out a longterm solution to NASA’s use of excess property. Mr. Speaker, I urge its support, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 7, the NASA Enhanced Use Leasing Extension Act of 2018. In the interest of time, I will be placing extended remarks in the RECORD . Let me just say that this is a commonsense bill to extend an authority that helps NASA more efficiently manage its assets. I rise in support of S.7, the ‘‘NASA Enhanced Use Lease Extension Act of 2018’’. Enhanced use leasing, or ‘‘EUL’’ allows the National Aeronautics and Space Administration—NASA—to enter into agreements with state and local governments, academia, private sector entities, and other Federal government agencies to lease nonexcess and underutilized properties at NASA. NASA’s EUL authority allows the agency to accept lease revenues, in turn helping NASA to reduce operating costs and make improvements to facility conditions. The EUL authority helps NASA manage the agency’s real property, including the preservation of underutilized or unique, historic properties. According to NASA, in Fiscal Year 2017, five NASA Centers used enhanced use leasing resulting in a total of approximately $5.4 million in net revenue for the agency. Congress granted NASA authority to demonstrate enhanced use leasing at two NASA Field Centers as part the Fiscal Year 2003 Consolidated Appropriations Resolution. The Fiscal Year 2009 Omnibus Appropriations Act expanded the authority to agencywide use. Since then, the authority has been amended in 2008, and further amended in 2012 to allow NASA to accept inkind considerations for leases for the purpose of developing renewable energy production facilities. The NASA Transition Authorization Act of 2017—Public Law 115–10—extended NASA’s EUL authority until December 31, 2018. The bill we are considering today provides a clean oneyear extension until December 31, 2019. This extension will allow NASA to continue existing EUL arrangements and to make progress on developing new arrangements that are currently underway. I urge my colleagues to pass S.7, the ‘‘NASA Enhanced Use Lease Extension Act of 2018.’’ Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I support passage of S. 7, the ‘‘NASA Enhanced Use Lease Extension Act of 2018’’. NASA’s enhanced use leasing or ‘‘EUL’’ authority provides the agency with tools to help manage its real property. NASA has, for example, used EUL to preserve underutilized property and make improvements to facility conditions. EUL allows the National Aeronautics and Space Administration—NASA—to enter into agreements with state and local governments, academia, private sector entities, and other Federal government agencies to lease nonexcess and underutilized properties at NASA. According to NASA, in Fiscal Year 2017, NASA used enhanced use leasing resulting in a total of approximately $5.4 million in net revenue for the agency. Congress first granted NASA authority to demonstrate enhanced use leasing in the early 2000s. Since that time, Congress has expanded and extended the agency’s EUL authority. The NASA Transition Authorization Act of 2017—Public Law 115–10—extended NASA’s EUL authority until December 31, 2018. The bill we are considering today provides a clean oneyear extension until December 31, 
2019. This extension will allow NASA to continue existing EUL arrangements and to make progress on developing new arrangements that are currently underway. I urge my colleagues to vote yes and pass S. 7, the ‘‘NASA Enhanced Use Lease Extension Act of 2018.’’ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 7. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
NATIONAL INTEGRATED DROUGHT INFORMATION SYSTEM REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2200) to reauthorize the National Integrated Drought Information System, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2200 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘National Integrated Drought Information System Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 3 of the National Integrated Drought Information System Act of 2006 (15 U.S.C. 313d) is amended— (1) in subsection (b)— (A) in paragraph (1)(A), by striking ‘‘in order to make usable, reliable, and timely forecasts of drought, including’’ and inserting ‘‘, including precipitation, soil moisture, and evaporative demand, in order to make usable, reliable, and timely forecasts of drought and’’; (B) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘watershed,’’ after ‘‘regional,’’; (C) in paragraph (4)— (i) by inserting ‘‘, through interagency agreements’’ after ‘‘integrate’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘information’’ after ‘‘warning’’; (D) by amending paragraph (5) to read as follows: ‘‘(5) utilize existing forecasting and assessment programs and partnerships, including forecast communication coordinators and cooperative institutes, and improvements in seasonal precipitation and temperature, subseasonal precipitation and temperature, and low flow water prediction; and’’; and (E) in paragraph (6), by inserting ‘‘the prediction,’’ after ‘‘relating to’’; (2) by redesignating subsections (c) through (e) as subsections (d) through (f), respectively; (3) by inserting after subsection (b) the following: ‘‘(c) PARTNERSHIPS .—The National Integrated Drought Information System may— ‘‘(1) engage with the private sector to improve drought monitoring, forecast, and communication if the Under Secretary determines the partnership is appropriate, costeffective, and beneficial to the public and decisionmakers described in subsection (b)(2)(A); ‘‘(2) facilitate the development of 1 or more academic cooperative partnerships to assist with National Integrated Drought Information System functions; and ‘‘(3) utilize and support, as appropriate, monitoring by citizen scientists, including by developing best practices to facilitate maximum data integration.’’; (4) in subsection (d), as redesignated, by inserting ‘‘and sustainment’’ after ‘‘development’’; and (5) by striking subsection (f), as redesignated, and inserting the following: ‘‘(f) SOILMOISTURE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the National Integrated Drought Information System Reauthorization Act of 2018, the Under Secretary, acting through the National Integrated Drought Information System, shall develop a strategy for a national coordinated soil moisture monitoring network.’’. (b) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 4 of the National Integrated Drought Information System Act of 2006 (15 U.S.C. 313d note) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act— ‘‘(1) $13,500,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(2) $13,750,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(3) $14,000,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(4) $14,250,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(5) $14,500,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’. 
SEC. 3. REAUTHORIZATION OF TITLE II OF THE WEATHER RESEARCH AND FORECASTING INNOVATION ACT OF 2017. 
(a) R EAUTHORIZATION OF TITLE II OF THE  WEATHER RESEARCH AND FORECASTING INNOVATION ACT OF 2017.—Section 1762 of the Food Security Act of 1985 (15 U.S.C. 8521) is amended— (1) by amending subsection (j) to read as follows: ‘‘(j) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There are authorized to be appropriated to carry out the activities under this section— ‘‘(1) $26,500,000 for fiscal year 2019; ‘‘(2) $27,000,000 for fiscal year 2020; ‘‘(3) $27,500,000 for fiscal year 2021; ‘‘(4) $28,000,000 for fiscal year 2022; and ‘‘(5) $28,500,000 for fiscal year 2023.’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(k) DERIVATION OF FUNDS .—Amounts made available to carry out this section shall be derived from amounts appropriated or otherwise made available to the National Weather Service.’’. (b) UNITED STATES WEATHER RESEARCH AND  FORECASTING IMPROVEMENT .—Section 110 of the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2017 (15 U.S.C. 8519) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—There are authorized to be appropriated to the Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research to carry out this title— ‘‘(1) $136,516,000 for fiscal year 2019, of which— ‘‘(A) $85,758,000 is authorized for weather laboratories and cooperative institutes; ‘‘(B) $30,758,000 is authorized for weather and air chemistry research programs; and ‘‘(C) $20,000,000 is authorized for the joint technology transfer initiative described in section 102(b)(4); ‘‘(2) $148,154,000 for fiscal year 2020, of which— ‘‘(A) $87,258,000 is authorized for weather laboratories and cooperative institutes; ‘‘(B) $40,896,000 is authorized for weather and air chemistry research programs; and ‘‘(C) $20,000,000 is authorized for the joint technology transfer initiative described in section 102(b)(4); ‘‘(3) $150,154,000 for fiscal year 2021, of which— ‘‘(A) $88,758,000 is authorized for weather laboratories and cooperative institutes; ‘‘(B) $41,396,000 is authorized for weather and air chemistry research programs; and ‘‘(C) $20,000,000 is authorized for the joint technology transfer initiative described in section 102(b)(4); ‘‘(4) $152,154,000 for fiscal year 2022, of which— ‘‘(A) $90,258,000 is authorized for weather laboratories and cooperative institutes; ‘‘(B) $41,896,000 is authorized for weather and air chemistry research programs; and ‘‘(C) $20,000,000 is authorized for the joint technology transfer initiative described in section 102(b)(4); and ‘‘(5) $154,154,000 for fiscal year 2023, of which— ‘‘(A) $91,758,000 is authorized for weather laboratories and cooperative institutes; ‘‘(B) $42,396,000 is authorized for weather and air chemistry research programs; and ‘‘(C) $20,000,000 is authorized for the joint technology transfer initiative described in section 102(b)(4). ‘‘(b) LIMITATION .—No additional funds are authorized to carry out this title and the amendments made by this title.’’. 
(a) W EATHER RESEARCH AND FORECASTING  INNOVATION .—Section 102(b) of the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2017 (15 U.S.C. 8512(b)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(4) Advancing weather modeling skill, reclaiming and maintaining international leadership in the area of numerical weather prediction, and improving the transition of research into operations by— ‘‘(A) leveraging the weather enterprise to provide expertise on removing barriers to improving numerical weather prediction; ‘‘(B) enabling scientists and engineers to effectively collaborate in areas important for improving operational global numerical weather prediction skill, including model development, data assimilation techniques, systems architecture integration, and computational efficiencies; ‘‘(C) strengthening the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s ability to undertake research projects in pursuit of substantial advancements in weather forecast skill; ‘‘(D) utilizing and leverage existing resources across the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration enterprise; and ‘‘(E) creating a community global weather research modeling system that— ‘‘(i) is accessible by the public; ‘‘(ii) meets basic enduser requirements for running on public computers and networks located outside of secure National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration information and technology systems; and ‘‘(iii) utilizes, whenever appropriate and costeffective, innovative strategies and methods, including cloudbased computing capabilities, for hosting and management of part or all of the system described in this subsection.’’. (b) UNITED STATES WEATHER RESEARCH  PROGRAM .—Section 108(a) of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration Authorization Act of 1992 (15 U.S.C. 8520(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (10), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in paragraph (11), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(12) carry out the activities of the Earth Prediction Innovation Center as described in section 102(b)(2) of the Weather Research and 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 108 of the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2017 (15 U.S.C. 8518) is amended to read as follows: 
‘‘SEC. 108. COMPUTING RESOURCE EFFICIENCY IMPROVEMENT AND ANNUAL REPORT. 
‘‘(a) C OMPUTING RESOURCES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In acquiring computing capabilities, including high performance computing technologies and supercomputing technologies, that enable the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to meet its mission requirements, the Under Secretary shall, when appropriate and cost effective, assess and prioritize options for entering into multiyear lease agreements for computing capabilities over options for purchasing computing hardware outright. ‘‘(2) ACQUISITION .—In carrying out the requirements of paragraph (1), the Under Secretary shall structure multiyear lease agreements in such a manner that the expiration of the lease is set for a date on or around— ‘‘(A) the expected degradation point of the computing resources; or ‘‘(B) the point at which significantly increased computing capabilities are expected to be available for lease. ‘‘(3) PILOT PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In order to more efficiently and effectively meet the mission requirements of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, the Under Secretary may create 1 or more pilot programs for assessing new or innovative information and technology capabilities and services. ‘‘(B) PROGRAM REQUIREMENTS .—Any program created under paragraph (3) shall assess only those capabilities and services that— ‘‘(i) meet or exceed the standards and requirements of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, including for processing speed, cybersecurity, and overall reliability; or ‘‘(ii) meet or exceed, or are expected to meet or exceed, the performance of similar, inhouse information and technology capabilities and services that are owned and operated by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration prior to the establishment of the pilot program. ‘‘(C) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated, out of funds appropriated to the National Environmental Satellite, Data, and Information Service, to carry out this paragraph $5,000,000 for fiscal year 2019, $10,000,000 for fiscal year 2020, and $5,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2021 through 2023, to remain available until expended. ‘‘(b) REPORTS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of the National Integrated Drought Information System Reauthorization Act of 2018, and triennially thereafter until the date that is 6 years after the date on which the first report is submitted, the Under Secretary, acting through the Chief Information Officer of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration and in coordination with the Assistant Administrator for Oceanic and Atmospheric Research and the Director of the National Weather Service, shall produce and make publicly available a report that explains how the Under Secretary intends— ‘‘(1) to continually support upgrades to pursue the fastest, most powerful, and cost effective high performance computing technologies in support of its weather prediction mission; ‘‘(2) to ensure a balance between the research to operations requirements to develop the next generation of regional and global models as well as highly reliable operational models; ‘‘(3) to take advantage of advanced development concepts to, as appropriate, make next generation weather prediction models available in betatest mode to operational forecasters, the United States weather industry, and partners in academic and Government research; ‘‘(4) to use existing computing resources to improve advanced research and operational weather prediction; ‘‘(5) to utilize nonFederal contracts to obtain the necessary expertise for advanced weather computing, if appropriate; ‘‘(6) to utilize cloud computing; and ‘‘(7) to create a longterm strategy to transition the programming language of weather model code to current and broadlyused coding language.’’. (b) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—Section 1(b) of the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–25; 131 Stat. 91) is amended by striking the item relating to section 108 and inserting the following: ‘‘Sec. 108. Computing resource efficiency improvement and annual report.’’. 
Section 301 of the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2017 (15 U.S.C. 8531) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(c) NEXT GENERATION SATELLITE ARCHITECTURE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Under Secretary shall analyze, test, and plan the procurement of future data sources and satellite architectures, including respective ground system elements, identified in the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s Satellite Observing System Architecture Study that— ‘‘(A) lower the cost of observations used to meet the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration’s mission requirements; ‘‘(B) disaggregate current satellite systems, where appropriate; ‘‘(C) include new, valueadding technological advancements; and ‘‘(D) improve weather forecasting and predictions. ‘‘(2) QUANTITATIVE ASSESSMENTS AND PART NERSHIP AUTHORITY .—In meeting the requirements described in paragraph (1), the Under Secretary— ‘‘(A) may partner with the commercial and academic sectors, nongovernmental and notforprofit organizations, and other Federal agencies; and ‘‘(B) shall, consistent with section 107 of this Act, undertake quantitative assessments for objective analyses, as the Under Secretary considers appropriate, to evaluate relative value and benefits of future data sources and satellite architectures described in paragraph (1). ‘‘(d) ADDITIONAL FORMS OF TRANSACTION  AUTHORIZED .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Subject to paragraph (2), in order to enhance the effectiveness of data and satellite systems used by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to meet its missions, the Under Secretary may enter into and perform such transaction agreements on such terms as the Under Secretary considers appropriate to carry out basic, applied, and advanced research projects to meet the objectives described in subparagraphs (A) through (D) subsection (c)(1). ‘‘(2) METHOD AND SCOPE .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A transaction agreement under paragraph (1) shall be limited to research and development activities. ‘‘(B) PERMISSIBLE USES .—A transaction agreement under paragraph (1) may be used— ‘‘(i) for the construction, use, operation, or procurement of new, improved, innovative, or valueadding satellites, instrumentation, ground stations, and data; ‘‘(ii) to make determinations on how to best use existing or planned data, systems, and assets of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration; and ‘‘(iii) only when the objectives of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration cannot be met using a cooperative research and development agreement, grants procurement contract, or cooperative agreement. ‘‘(3) TERMINATION OF EFFECTIVENESS .—The authority provided in this subsection terminates effective September 30, 2023. ‘‘(e) TRANSPARENCY .—Not later than 60 days after the date that a transaction agreement is made under subsection (d), the Under Secretary shall make publicly available, in a searchable format, on the website of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration all uses of the authority under subsection (d), including an estimate of committed National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration resources and the expected benefits to National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration objectives for the transaction agreement, with appropriate redactions for proprietary, sensitive, or classified information. ‘‘(f) REPORTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than 90 days after September 30 of each fiscal year through September 30, 2023, the Under Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Commerce, Science, and Transportation of the Senate and the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology of the House of Representatives a report on the use of additional transaction authority by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration during the previous fiscal year. ‘‘(2) CONTENTS .—Each report shall include— ‘‘(A) for each transaction agreement in effect during the fiscal year covered by the report— ‘‘(i) an indication of whether the transaction agreement is a reimbursable, nonreimbursable, or funded agreement; ‘‘(ii) a description of— ‘‘(I) the subject and terms; ‘‘(II) the parties; ‘‘(III) the responsible National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration line office; ‘‘(IV) the value; ‘‘(V) the extent of the cost sharing among Federal Government and nonFederal sources; ‘‘(VI) the duration or schedule; and ‘‘(VII) all milestones; ‘‘(iii) an indication of whether the transaction agreement was renewed during the previous fiscal year; ‘‘(iv) the technology areas in which research projects were conducted under that agreement; ‘‘(v) the extent to which the use of that agreement— ‘‘(I) has contributed to a broadening of the technology and industrial base available for meeting National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration needs; and ‘‘(II) has fostered within the technology and industrial base new relationships and practices that support the United States; and ‘‘(vi) the total value received by the Federal Government under that agreement for that fiscal year; and ‘‘(B) a list of all anticipated reimbursable, nonreimbursable, and funded transaction agreements for the upcoming fiscal year. 
‘‘(g) R ULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this section may be construed as limiting the authority of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration to use cooperative research and development agreements, grants, procurement contracts, or cooperative agreements.’’. 
SEC. 7. INTEGRATION OF OCEAN AND COASTAL DATA FROM THE INTEGRATED OCEAN OBSERVING SYSTEM. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 301(a)(2) of the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2017 (15 U.S.C. 8531(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in subparagraph (A), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (2) in subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) support increasing use of autonomous, mobile surface, subsurface, and submarine vehicle ocean and fresh water sensor systems and the infrastructure necessary to share and analyze these data in realtime and feed them into predictive early warning systems.’’. (b) COMMERCIAL WEATHER DATA; AUTHOR IZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .—Section 302(c)(3) of the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2017 (15 U.S.C. 8532(c)(3)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘2017 through 2020’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 through 2023’’; and (2) by inserting ‘‘the’’ before ‘‘National’’. 
SEC. 8. IMPROVEMENTS TO COOPERATIVE OBSERVER PROGRAM OF NATIONAL WEATHER SERVICE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere, acting through the National Weather Service, shall improve the Cooperative Observer Program by— (1) providing support to— (A) Statecoordinated programs relating to the Program; and (B) States and regions where observations provided through the Program are scarce; (2) working with State weather service headquarters to increase participation in the Program and to add stations in States and regions described in paragraph (1)(B); (3) where feasible, ensuring that data streams from stations that have been contributing data to the Program for more than 50 years are maintained and continually staffed by volunteers; (4) prioritizing the recruitment of new volunteers for the Program; (5) ensuring that opportunities exist for automated reporting to lessen the burden on volunteers to collect and report data by hand; and (6) ensuring that integrated reporting is available for qualitative observations that cannot be automated, such as drought conditions, snow observations, and hazardous weather events, to ensure that volunteers in the Program can report and upload observations quickly and easily. (b) COORDINATION WITHSTATES AND REGIONS .—Not less frequently than every 180 days, the National Weather Service shall coordinate with State and regional offices with respect to the status of Cooperative Observer Program stations. (c) COORDINATION WITH FEDERAL AGENCIES.—The National Weather Service shall coordinate with other Federal agencies, including the Forest Service, the Department of Agriculture, and the United States Geological Survey, to leverage opportunities to grow the Cooperative Observer Program network and to more effectively use existing infrastructure, weather stations, and staff of the Program. 
SEC. 9. HARMFUL ALGAL BLOOM AND HYPOXIA RESEARCH AND CONTROL. 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This section may be cited as the ‘‘Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Control Amendments Act of 2017’’. (b) REFERENCES TO THE HARMFUL ALGAL  BLOOM AND HYPOXIA RESEARCH AND CONTROL  ACT OF 1998.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, wherever in this section an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Control Act of 1998 (33 U.S.C. 4001 et seq.). (c) INTER AGENCY TASK FORCE .—Section 603(a) (33 U.S.C. 4001(a)) is amended— (1) in paragraph (12), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) by redesignating paragraph (13) as paragraph (14); and (3) by inserting after paragraph (12) the following: ‘‘(13) the Army Corps of Engineers; and’’. (d) SCIENTIFIC ASSESSMENTS OF FRESH WATER HARMFUL ALGAL BLOOMS .—Section 603 (33 U.S.C. 4001) is amended— (1) by striking subsection (f); (2) by redesignating subsections (g), (h), (i), and (j) as subsections (f), (g), (h), and (i), respectively; and (3) by amending subsection (g) to read as follows: ‘‘(g) SCIENTIFIC ASSESSMENTS OF MARINE  
ANDFRESHWATER HARMFUL ALGAL BLOOMS .— Not less than once every 5 years the Task Force shall complete and submit to Congress a scientific assessment of harmful algal blooms in United States coastal waters and freshwater systems. Each assessment shall examine both marine and freshwater harmful algal blooms, including those in the Great Lakes and upper reaches of estuaries, those in freshwater lakes and rivers, and those that originate in freshwater lakes or rivers and migrate to coastal waters.’’. (e) NATIONAL HARMFUL ALGAL BLOOM AND  HYPOXIA PROGRAM .— (1) PROGRAM DUTIES .—Section 603A(e) (33 U.S.C. 4002(e)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (1), by inserting ‘‘, including to local and regional stakeholders through the establishment and maintenance of a publicly accessible Internet website that provides information as to Program activities completed under this section’’ after ‘‘Program’’; (B) in paragraph (3)— (i) in subparagraph (B), by striking ‘‘; and’’ and inserting a semicolon; (ii) in subparagraph (C), by inserting ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon at the end; and (iii) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(D) to accelerate the utilization of effective methods of intervention and mitigation to reduce the frequency, severity, and impacts of harmful algal bloom and hypoxia events;’’; (C) in paragraph (4), by striking ‘‘and work cooperatively with’’ and inserting ‘‘, and work cooperatively to provide technical assistance to,’’; and (D) in paragraph (7)— (i) by inserting ‘‘and extension’’ after ‘‘existing education’’; and (ii) by inserting ‘‘intervention,’’ after ‘‘awareness of the causes, impacts,’’. (2) NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC AD MINISTRATION ACTIVITIES .—Section 603A(f) (33 U.S.C. 4002(f)) is amended— (A) in paragraph (3), by inserting ‘‘, which shall include unmanned systems,’’ after ‘‘infrastructure’’; (B) in paragraph (5), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (C) in paragraph (6)(C), by striking the period at the end and inserting a semicolon; and (D) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(7) use cost effective methods in carrying out this Act; and ‘‘(8) develop contingency plans for the longterm monitoring of hypoxia.’’. (f) CONSULTATION REQUIRED .—Section 102 of the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Amendments Act of 2004 (33 U.S.C. 4001a) is amended by striking ‘‘the amendments made by this title’’ and inserting ‘‘the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Control Act of 1998’’. (g) HYPOXIA OR HARMFUL ALGAL BLOOM OF  NATIONAL SIGNIFICANCE .— (1) RELIEF .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Upon a determination under paragraph (2) that there is an event of national significance, the appropriate Federal official is authorized to make sums available to the affected State or local government for the purposes of assessing and mitigating the detrimental environmental, economic, subsistence use, and public health effects of the event of national significance. (B) FEDERAL SHARE .—The Federal share of the cost of any activity carried out under this paragraph for the purposes described in subparagraph (A) may not exceed 50 percent of the cost of that activity. (C) DONATIONS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, an appropriate Federal official may accept donations of funds, services, facilities, materials, or equipment that the appropriate Federal official considers necessary for the purposes described in subparagraph (A). Any funds donated to an appropriate Federal official under this paragraph may be expended without further appropriation and without fiscal year limitation. (2) DETERMINATIONS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—At the discretion of an appropriate Federal official, or at the request of the Governor of an affected State, an appropriate Federal official shall determine whether a hypoxia or harmful algal bloom event is an event of national significance. (B) CONSIDERATIONS .—In making a determination under subparagraph (A), the appropriate Federal official shall consider the toxicity of the harmful algal bloom, the severity of the hypoxia, its potential to spread, the economic impact, the relative size in relation to the past 5 occurrences of harmful algal blooms or hypoxia events that occur on a recurrent or annual basis, and the geographic scope, including the potential to affect several municipalities, to affect more than 1 State, or to cross an international boundary. (3) DEFINITIONS .—In this subsection: (A) APPROPRIATE FEDERAL OFFICIAL .—The term ‘‘appropriate Federal official’’ means— (i) in the case of a marine or coastal hypoxia or harmful algal bloom event, the Under Secretary of Commerce for Oceans and Atmosphere; and (ii) in the case of a freshwater hypoxia or harmful algal bloom event, the Administrator of the Environmental Protection Agency. (B) EVENT OF NATIONAL SIGNIFICANCE .—The term ‘‘event of national significance’’ means a hypoxia or harmful algal bloom event that has had or will likely have a significant detrimental environmental, economic, subsistence use, or public health impact on an affected State. (C) HYPOXIA OR HARMFUL ALGAL BLOOM  
EVENT .—The term ‘‘hypoxia or harmful algal bloom event’’ means the occurrence of hypoxia or a harmful algal bloom as a result of a natural, anthropogenic, or undetermined cause. (h) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— Section 609(a) (33 U.S.C. 4009(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘, and $20,500,000 for each of fiscal years 2019 through 2023’’ before the period at the end. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) and the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous material on S. 2200, the bill now under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, S. 2200 has broad bipartisan support, and I urge all Members to support this legislation. This bill reauthorizes and enhances priority NOAA programs, especially the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act. The Weather Act, signed into law by President Trump 2 years ago, already has made tremendous advances in the accuracy and timeliness of weather forecasting and the rapid integration of the private sector. S. 2200 accelerates advances in model development and data assimilation, increases the use of innovative computing technologies and leasing strategies, promotes targeted research for the next generation of weather satellites, and further engages the growing commercial weather industry through reauthorization of the Commercial Weather Data Pilot program. I would like to thank Senate Commerce Chairman JOHN THUNE for his leadership on this bill, which enables NOAA to protect lives and property and advance the economy of the United States. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this measure, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of S. 2200, the National Integrated Drought Information System Reauthorization Act of 2018. The NIDIS program has grown tremendously since its creation in 2006, and this reauthorization will aid in continuing its mission to provide a drought early warning system by coordinating and integrating drought research through key Federal, State, local, and Tribal partnerships. This bill also includes a reauthorization of the Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Control Act, which Senator NELSON and I introduced this Congress with bipartisan support. This bill provides valuable resources to better understand, detect, assess, monitor, and respond to both marine and freshwater harmful algal blooms and hypoxia events. Updating this program and investing in research on harmful algal blooms and hypoxia will help Oregonians and people across the country who are facing the dangerous effects of exposure to harmful algal blooms in drinking water sources, oceans, and lakes. Recently, we have seen harmful algal blooms cut off access to clean drinking water for residents of Salem, Oregon, and they have stifled recreational activities on the Willamette River. Harmful algal blooms in the marine environment produce dangerous toxins that make Oregon’s prized Dungeness crabs toxic and deprive fishing communities of income. As cochair of both the House Oceans Caucus and the House Estuary Caucus, I am pleased to reauthorize the research programs that help us better predict and guard against harmful algal blooms in marine and freshwater systems. Additionally, this bill contains provisions to reauthorize funding for programs from the Weather Research and Forecasting and Innovation Act of 2017, which I fully support. Other language in this bill regarding NOAA’s Earth prediction innovation center, computing resources, and our nextgeneration satellite architecture, though valuable, is completely new to this body and is deserving of robust, discussion which has been missing. Though I am supportive of the NIDIS, the algal blooms bill, and the Weather Act programs that are reauthorized in this legislation, I would like to note that we have not had a hearing, a markup, or any substantive discussion of these programs in the House of Representatives this Congress. These critical issues do warrant such discussion, given the number of Americans affected by either drought or toxic algal blooms and hypoxia events, and all Americans benefit from NOAA programs that provide timely and accurate forecasts. I look forward to the Science, Space, and Technology Committee providing a forum to discuss these significant issues next Congress. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, in closing, I would just like to thank the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) for all of her good work on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee over several years’ time. I also want to express my appreciation to her for being instrumental in the number of bipartisan bills that the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has brought to the House floor. In fact, as of today, 33 of the 35 Science, Space, and Technology Committee bills that have passed the House floor have been bipartisan bills. Ms. BONAMICI has worked on any number of those bills to help make sure that they are bipartisan, and to the extent that those bills have been changed, they have been improved because of her input. So I really want to thank her for her friendship over the years and for her contributions on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee over the years. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I do thank Chairman SMITH. I have been on the Science, Space, and Technology Committee my entire time in Congress, and I thank him for his years of leadership and service to the committee. Even though Chairman SMITH and I have not always agreed on every issue, he has been always willing to listen and to work with me and my colleagues on my side of the aisle on bills like the Weather Research and Forecasting Innovation Act of 2017, which we worked on for several years together and is now law. So, again, I thank Chairman SMITH for his years of service to the committee. I wish him well in the new chapter of his life. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SMITH of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentlewoman from Oregon for those very nice comments. They are much appreciated. I also want to take just a minute to thank the ranking member of the full committee, EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON , my colleague and friend from Texas. We also would not be here without her effort over the many, many years and her help in making sure that 33 of the 35 bills that the Science, Space, and Technology Committee has passed on the House floor were, in fact, bipartisan. I also want to congratulate her on being the next chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. I know she brings a lot of intelligence and a lot of commitment and will do great work on behalf of the country as chairman of the Science, Space, and Technology Committee. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 2200, the ‘‘National Integrated Drought Information System Reauthorization Act of 2018’’. This bill also reauthorizes the ‘‘Harmful Algal Bloom and Hypoxia Research and Control Act,’’ as introduced by Senator NELSON and my colleague on the Science Committee, Ms. BONAMICI . Both of these existing programs have years of successful accomplishments, and their reauthorization ensures that NOAA will be able to continue supporting communities that are dealing with the impacts of drought and toxic freshwater and marine harmful algal blooms and hypoxia events. The Weather Research and Forecasting and Innovation Act that the House passed in a bipartisan fashion last year was a great accomplishment for the Science Committee, and I am happy to see the existing weather laboratories, cooperative institutes, joint technology 
transfer initiative and research programs within NOAA’s Office of Oceanic and Atmospheric Research will be reauthorized with this bill. As Congresswoman BONAMICI mentioned earlier, this bill reauthorizes critical programs at NOAA that benefit countless Americans, which I fully support. However, I am disappointed in the process used to bring NIDIS, HABHRCA, and the Weather Act to the floor today for reauthorization. The brandnew language in this bill related to NOAA’s Earth Prediction Innovation Center, computing resources, and our next generation satellite architecture has never gone through the standard committee process in either the House or the Senate. By not providing an opportunity for hearings, markups, or any debate on these key pieces of legislation we rob our colleagues of the opportunity to advocate for their constituents, and do not do justice to the importance of these provisions. I hope we will do better to abide by regular order next Congress, and it is my intention to do that on the Science Committee. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. SMITH) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2200. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1300 PERMISSION TO REDUCE TIME FOR ELECTRONIC VOTING DURING PROCEEDINGS TODAY Mr. MCHENRY. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that, during further proceedings today in the House, the Chair be authorized to reduce to 2 minutes the minimum time for electronic voting on any question that otherwise could be subjected to 5minute voting under clause 8 or 9 of rule XX. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BOST). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from North Carolina? There was no objection. 
STOP, OBSERVE, ASK, AND RESPOND TO HEALTH AND WELLNESS ACT OF 2018 Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 767) to establish the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to address human trafficking in the health care system. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the Senate amendment is as follows: Senate amendment: 
Strike all after the enacting clause and insert the following: SECTION 1. SHORT TITLE. 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘SOAR to Health and Wellness Act of 2018’’. 
Part E of title XII of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 300d–51 et seq.) is amended by adding at the end the following: 
‘‘SEC. 1254. STOP, OBSERVE, ASK, AND RESPOND TO HEALTH AND WELLNESS TRAINING PROGRAM. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary shall establish a program to be known as the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training Program or the SOAR to Health and Wellness Training Program (in this section referred to as the ‘Program’) to provide training to health care and social service providers on human trafficking in accordance with this section. ‘‘(b) ACTIVITIES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Program shall include the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training Program’s activities existing on the day before the date of enactment of this section and the authorized initiatives described in paragraph (2). ‘‘(2) AUTHORIZED INITIATIVES .—The authorized initiatives of the Program shall include— ‘‘(A) engaging stakeholders, including victims of human trafficking and Federal, State, local, and tribal partners, to develop a flexible training module— ‘‘(i) for supporting activities under subsection (c); and ‘‘(ii) that adapts to changing needs, settings, health care providers, and social service providers; ‘‘(B) providing technical assistance to grantees related to implementing activities described in subsection (c) and reporting on any best practices identified by the grantees; ‘‘(C) developing a reliable methodology for collecting data, and reporting such data, on the number of human trafficking victims identified and served by grantees in a manner that, at a minimum, prevents disclosure of individually identifiable information consistent with all applicable privacy laws and regulations; and ‘‘(D) integrating, as appropriate, the training described in paragraphs (1) through (4) of subsection (c) with training programs, in effect on the date of enactment of this section, for health care and social service providers for victims of intimate partner violence, sexual assault, stalking, child abuse, child neglect, child maltreatment, and child sexual exploitation. ‘‘(c) GRANTS .—The Secretary may award grants to appropriate entities to train health care and social service providers to— ‘‘(1) identify potential human trafficking victims; ‘‘(2) implement best practices for working with law enforcement to report and facilitate communication with human trafficking victims, in accordance with all applicable Federal, State, local, and tribal laws, including legal confidentiality requirements for patients and health care and social service providers; ‘‘(3) implement best practices for referring such victims to appropriate health care, social, or victims service agencies or organizations; and ‘‘(4) provide such victims with coordinated, ageappropriate, culturally relevant, traumainformed, patientcentered, and evidencebased care. ‘‘(d) CONSIDERATION IN AWARDING GRANTS .— The Secretary, in making awards under this section, shall give consideration to— ‘‘(1) geography; ‘‘(2) the demographics of the population to be served; ‘‘(3) the predominant types of human trafficking cases involved; and ‘‘(4) health care and social service provider profiles. ‘‘(e) DATACOLLECTION AND REPORTING .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall collect data and report on the following: ‘‘(A) The total number of entities that received a grant under this section. ‘‘(B) The total number and geographic distribution of health care and social service providers trained through the Program. ‘‘(2) INITIAL REPORT .—In addition to the data required to be collected under paragraph (1), for purposes of the initial report to be submitted under paragraph (3), the Secretary shall collect data on the total number of facilities and health care professional organizations that were operating under, and the total number of health care and social service providers trained through, the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training Program existing prior to the establishment of the Program under this section. ‘‘(3) ANNUAL REPORT .—Not later than 1 year after the date of enactment of this section, and annually thereafter, the Secretary shall submit an annual report to Congress on the data collected under this subsection in a manner that, at a minimum, prevents the disclosure of individually identifiable information consistent with all applicable privacy laws and regulations. ‘‘(f) SHARING BESTPRACTICES .—The Secretary shall make available, on the Internet website of the Department of Health and Human Services, a description of the best practices and procedures used by entities that receive a grant for carrying out activities under this section. ‘‘(g) DEFINITION .—In this section, the term ‘human trafficking’ has the meaning given the term ‘severe forms of trafficking in persons’ as defined in section 103 of the Trafficking Victims Protection Act of 2000. ‘‘(h) AUTHORIZATION OF APPROPRIATIONS .— There is authorized to be appropriated to carry out this Act, $4,000,000 for each of fiscal years 2020 through 2024.’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) and the gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. BENRAY LUJA´N) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Montana (Mr. GIANFORTE ), my good friend. Mr. GIANFORTE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, Montanans didn’t send me here to shut down the government, but they also didn’t send me here to let their priorities die in a lameduck session that is in every part lame. I stand here still urging this body to take up a public lands package and secure the border. A public lands package should include the permanent reauthorization of the Land and Water Conservation Fund. A public lands package should include the Yellowstone Gateway Protection Act that permanently conserves public land in Paradise Valley. A public lands package should include 
H.R. 3764 to provide longoverdue Federal recognition to the Little Shell Tribe of Chippewa Indians. Mr. Speaker, we could just kick the can here on government funding, on our public lands, and on border security all because CHUCK SCHUMER and NANCY PELOSI are folding their arms, shaking their heads no, and refusing to secure our border. Mr. Speaker, this lameduck session doesn’t have to produce lame results. I urge my colleagues to take up a public lands package and to secure our border. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the Senate amendment to H.R. 767, the SOAR to Health and Wellness Act of 2018. This bill establishes a training program for healthcare and social service providers in order to better identify potential victims of human trafficking when they come into contact with healthcare or social services professionals. The bill provides grants to appropriate entities to help train these providers on how to identify and appropriately treat potential victims of human trafficking. Nearly 21 million people worldwide are victims of human trafficking, forced labor, or sexual exploitation. At some point, many of these unidentified victims will come into contact with a healthcare provider or social services professional. It is critical for these providers to know how best to care for these individuals and how to ensure they can coordinate their treatment with other providers in a way that is culturally relevant, trauma informed, and patient centered. Helping healthcare professionals better recognize the signs of trafficking and improve their ability to intervene can truly be the difference between life and death. Mr. Speaker, the House passed H.R. 767 on February 26 of this year, and we are now considering the amendment to the bill that the Senate agreed to yesterday. These changes reflect bipartisan efforts to streamline the text of the legislation, while maintaining the bill’s intent and scope as originally passed in the House. I want to thank Congressman COHEN  for sponsoring this important piece of legislation and for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support the bill. I have no further speakers, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I enjoyed working with my colleague from New Mexico in moving this bill forward. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 767, the SOAR Act, will head to the President’s desk after passage today. It is critical in ensuring adequate treatment of victims of human trafficking. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill, H.R. 767. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
CODIFYING USEFUL REGULATORY DEFINITIONS ACT Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2322) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to define the term natural cheese. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 2322 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Codifying Useful Regulatory Definitions Act’’ or the ‘‘CURD Act’’. 
Congress finds as follows: (1) There is a need to define the term ‘‘natural cheese’’ in order to maintain transparency and consistency for consumers so that they may differentiate ‘‘natural cheese’’ from ‘‘process cheese’’. (2) The term ‘‘natural cheese’’ has been used within the cheese making industry for more than 50 years and is wellestablished. 
(a) D EFINITION .—Section 201 of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 321) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(ss)(1) The term ‘natural cheese’ means cheese that is a ripened or unripened soft, semisoft, or hard product, which may be coated, that is produced— ‘‘(A) by— ‘‘(i) coagulating wholly or partly the protein of milk, skimmed milk, partly skimmed milk, cream, whey cream, or buttermilk, or any combination of such ingredients, through the action of rennet or other suitable coagulating agents, and by partially draining the whey resulting from the coagulation, while respecting the principle that cheesemaking results in a concentration of milk protein (in particular, the casein portion), and that consequently, the protein content of the cheese will be distinctly higher than the protein level of the blend of the above milk materials from which the cheese was made; or ‘‘(ii) processing techniques involving coagulation of the protein of milk or products obtained from milk to produce an endproduct with similar physical, chemical, and organoleptic characteristics as the product described in subclause (i); and ‘‘(iii) including the addition of safe and suitable nonmilk derived ingredients of the type permitted in the standards of identity described in clause (B) as natural cheese; or ‘‘(B) in accordance with standards of identity under part 133 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations), other than the standards described in subparagraph (2) or any future standards adopted by the Secretary in accordance with subparagraph (2)(I). ‘‘(2) Such term does not include— ‘‘(A) pasteurized process cheeses as defined in section 133.169, 133.170, or 133.171 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations); ‘‘(B) pasteurized process cheese foods as defined in section 133.173 or 133.174 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations); ‘‘(C) pasteurized cheese spreads as defined in section 133.175, 133.176, or 133.178 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations); ‘‘(D) pasteurized process cheese spreads as defined in section 133.179 or 133.180 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations); ‘‘(E) pasteurized blended cheeses as defined in section 133.167 or 133.168 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations); ‘‘(F) any products comparable to any product described in any of clauses (A) through (E); or ‘‘(G) cold pack cheeses as defined in section 133.123, 133.124, or 133.125 title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations); ‘‘(H) grated American cheese food as defined in section 133.147 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations); or ‘‘(I) any other product the Secretary may designate as a process cheese. ‘‘(3) For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘milk’ has the meaning given such term in section 133.3 of title 21, Code of Federal Regulations (or any successor regulations) and includes the lacteal secretions from animals other than cows.’’. (b) LABELING .—Section 403 of the Federal Food Drug and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 343) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(z) If its label or labeling includes the term ‘natural cheese’ as a factual descriptor of a category of cheese unless the food meets the definition of natural cheese under section 201(ss), except that nothing in this paragraph shall prohibit the use of the term ‘natural’ or ‘allnatural’, or a similar claim or statement with respect to a food in a manner that is consistent with regulations, guidance, or policy statements issued by the Secretary.’’. (c) NATIONAL UNIFORMITY .—Section 403A(a)(2) of the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act (21 U.S.C. 343–1(a)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘or 403(w)’’ and inserting ‘‘403(w), or 403(z)’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) and the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PALLONE ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Kentucky. 
Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material in the RECORD on the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Kentucky? There was no objection. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, before us today is a bill to define the term ‘‘natural cheese.’’ The House sponsor is our Speaker from Wisconsin, obviously, from the cheese State and the dairy State. What we are debating is S. 2322, the CURD Act. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support its passage, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the bill we are considering under suspension of the rules, S. 2322, the Codifying Useful Regulatory Definitions Act, or the CURD Act. This bill has not proceeded through regular order and codifies into the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act a highly prescriptive definition of ‘‘natural cheese’’ that should be determined by the FDA, not by Congress. This legislation creates a statutory definition for a specific category of cheese and expressly distinguishes what shall be considered natural cheese from the other standards of identity for processed cheese currently defined in regulation. The bill then codifies these regulatory standards of identity into the statute and expressly preempts any nonFederal definition of the term ‘‘natural cheese.’’ The FDA has the authority to define this term, yet proponents of this legislation prefer legislative expediency over sound regulatory decisionmaking. Supporters insist that this definition is needed in statute immediately to assure it quickly applies. However, instead of waiting to proceed through regular order or following the regulatory process, stakeholders are asking for an immediate statutory change because of ongoing litigation that this bill will help to resolve for some stakeholders. Mr. Speaker, I am concerned that by rushing this legislation through we have not been given adequate time to consider the implications for this change or how this definition might impact consumers and other industry stakeholders. The FDA is best positioned to consider the public health impacts of defining this term and how it would interact with other agency efforts regarding nutrition labeling, such as a broader definition for the term ‘‘natural.’’ Additionally, I am concerned by the precedent this legislation creates and believe that passing this bill only encourages stakeholders to seek additional statutory changes or definitional clarity for the products when they believe the FDA has not acted as expeditiously as they wish or when they are facing litigation. We should be making changes to the Federal statute when they are necessary and in order to protect the public health, not when industry is seeking a favorable outcome that could be achieved through regulatory process. I do not believe this change is warranted in this circumstance. Finally, Mr. Speaker, I strongly believe that legislation like the CURD Act should be considered through regular order, and I am opposed to this bill, given that the House of Representatives has held no hearings on this issue and has not marked up the bill under consideration today. The Senate passed this bill in the dead of night, with no discussion or debate on the floor. I believe we are abdicating our duty to fully consider the implications of this statutory change if we pass this bill today. On the substance, Mr. Speaker, the Center for Science in the Public Interest, Consumer Reports, and The Good Food Institute are all opposed to this legislation and have raised serious concerns about the impact of this change on consumer confusion and transparency. I include in the RECORD letters in opposition to the bill from all three. 
IN THE PUBLIC INTEREST , Washington, DC, December 19, 2018. DEAR MEMBER : The Center for Science in the Public Interest writes to urge you to oppose the CURD Act (H.R. 4828, S. 2322). This misguided bill would define ‘‘natural cheese’’ in a way that actually muddles, rather than clarifies, the term. For example, it would allow the use of artificial colors and additives in ‘‘natural cheese’’ and would also make labeling for cheese inconsistent with U.S. Department of Agriculture (USDA) labeling requirements and possibly also with the Food and Drug Administration’s (FDA’s) labeling requirements for other ‘‘natural’’ foods. The bill could also prevent the term ‘‘natural’’ from being used on nondairy cheese alternatives that may otherwise rightly be considered natural by consumers. The stated purpose of the bill is to draw a clear line for consumers between ‘‘natural cheese’’ and processed cheese. Yet we have seen no evidence that consumers are confusing processed cheese with natural cheese in the marketplace. The FDA’s current standards of identity for processed cheese types already require that these cheeses include a specific statement of identity on the label indicating that they are ‘‘process cheese.’’ And there are currently strong incentives for the manufacturers of process cheese to avoid ‘‘natural’’ claims, as this could expose cheesemakers to liability. Rather than protecting consumers, the bill would confuse them by permitting misleading ‘‘natural’’ claims on products that most Americans would not consider natural. For example, a nationally representative telephone survey conducted in May 2018 by Consumer Reports found that more than 80 percent of consumers say ‘‘natural’’ should mean no artificial ingredients were used. Yet the CURD Act allows for the use of synthetic food dye, artificial flavors, and other artificial additives in socalled ‘‘natural cheese.’’ Similarly, an overwhelming majority of Americans surveyed felt that use of the term ‘‘natural’’ should be reserved for foods that deploy natural agricultural practices to produce the food’s ingredients, including by limiting the use of hormones, pesticides, and antibiotics. In contrast, the bill would allow the term ‘‘natural cheese’’ to appear irrespective of the agricultural practices used to produce the cheese’s ingredients. The bill would also make labeling for ‘‘natural cheese’’ inconsistent with USDA and with likely future FDA requirements for ‘‘natural’’ on food labels in general. The USDA currently permits the use of the term ‘‘natural’’ on products that contain no artificial ingredient or added color and which are only minimally processed. In addition, understanding that ‘‘natural’’ can have many meanings, the USDA requires a brief statement of meaning on labels to avoid confusion, stating, that the food is ‘‘*no more than minimally processed and contains no artificial ingredients.’’ The FDA is also currently considering adopting a definition of ‘‘natural’’ and may create similar requirements based on comments in its public docket on the issue. Yet the bill would authorize the claim ‘‘natural cheese’’ to be used on cheese in a manner that fails to align with either the USDA’s current rules or prospective FDA requirements, leading to inconsistency and confusion across the marketplace. Finally, the bill defines ‘‘natural cheese’’ in a manner that could be interpreted to prohibit use of the term on nondairy alternatives intended for consumers who are vegan, lactose intolerant, or who otherwise wish to avoid dairy cheeses. Use of the term ‘‘natural’’ should not be prohibited on these products, provided the products otherwise meet consumer expectations for use of this term. The FDA is currently working on a definition of ‘‘natural’’ that would be nonmisleading, based on consumer understanding, and apply uniformly to all FDAregulated foods, including cheese. Congress should not act prematurely to carve out a definition for ‘‘natural cheese’’ before the agency has taken action to define ‘‘natural’’ for other products. For these reasons, we urge you to vote ‘‘no’’ on the CURD Act. Sincerely, SARAH SORSCHER , Deputy Director of Regulatory Affairs, Center for Science in the Public Interest. 
CONSUMER REPORTS , December 20, 2018. House of Representatives, Washington, DC. DEAR REPRESENTATIVE : Consumer Reports (CR), an independent, nonprofit member organization that works side by side with consumers for truth, transparency, and fairness in the marketplace, urges you to vote no on S. 2322, the Codifying Useful Regulatory Definitions (CURD) Act. This bill would only add to consumer confusion at the supermarket and undermine ongoing efforts to make food labeling clearer and more consistent. S. 2322 would amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act to set a definition of ‘‘natural cheese’’ and prohibit food from being labeled as ‘‘natural cheese’’ unless it meets that definition. Unfortunately, this seemingly mundane bill would allow cheese to be labeled ‘‘natural’’ even if the cheese includes artificial ingredients or synthetic substances, such as yellow food dye, or if the cheese was produced using methods or pesticides that consumers do not consider ‘‘natural’’ according to our recent survey. Generally, S. 2322 would permit misleading food labeling on cheese that is inconsistent with consumers’ understanding of the term ‘‘natural.’’ According to Consumer Reports’ nationally representative April 2018 survey of 1,014 U.S. residents, most Americans think ‘‘natural’’ should mean: (1) that no artificial ingredients were used (81%); (2) that no added hormones were used during food production (81%); and (3) that no chemical pesticides were used during food production (79%). The CURD Act would allow the label ‘‘natural cheese’’ on products with any of these characteristics. We also oppose S. 2322 because it would undermine ongoing work at the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) to define ‘‘natural’’ 
through a process that prioritizes the public interest and involves the input of all stakeholders. This effort intends to define the term ‘‘natural’’ in a way that is not misleading and based on consumer understanding, and that applies to all foods in the marketplace overseen by the agency. We support this initiative, especially because our April 2018 survey found that 88% of Americans think that all companies should meet the same standard for the ‘‘natural’’ label. Congress should not shortcircuit this important work by setting a special definition of ‘‘natural cheese.’’ The CURD Act ultimately places the interests of cheese producers ahead of the broad need for consumers to understand what they’re buying and feeding their families. We urge you to support a clear, consistent, and accountable food marketplace for consumers, and vote no on S. 2322. Sincerely, JEANHALLORAN , Director, Food Policy Initiatives Consumer Reports. CHARLOTTE VALLAEYS , Senior Policy Analyst Consumer Reports. WILLIAM WALLACE , Senior Policy Analyst, Consumer Reports. 
THEGOODFOODINSTITUTE , Washington, DC, December 19, 2018. Hon. GREGWALDEN , Chairman, House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Hon. FRANK PALLONE , JR., Ranking Member, House Committee on Energy and Commerce, Washington D.C. Re Opposition to the Codifying Useful Regulatory Definitions Act (‘‘CURD Act’’). DEAR CHAIRMAN WALDEN AND REP. PALLONE : The Good Food Institute (‘‘GFI’’) is a 501(c)(3) nonprofit organization that serves as a think tank and accelerator for plant based foods and cellbased meat. GFI is comprised of scientists, entrepreneurs, lawyers, and policy experts focused on using food innovation and markets to create a more sustainable food supply. More specifically, we support policies that ensure a level playing field for plantbased foods and cellbased meat. We write today to express our opposition to the CURD Act (S. 2322). A marketplace that serves consumers well is one in which products compete on their merits, not on their political connections. The role of the government in this marketplace is to ensure that products bear clear, accurate, and consistent labels that present essential information without confusing or misleading consumers. In our view, the CURD Act has three significant flaws. First, the Act would override FDA’s regulatory definition of milk as it pertains to standards of identity for cheeses by explicitly including ‘‘the lacteal secretions from animals other than cows’’ but not plantbased milks. The agency’s current definition, 21 C.F.R. §133.3, states that milk used in cheese is obtained by the ‘‘complete milking of one or more healthy cows.’’ Of course, there are a wide variety of cheeses in the marketplace that are made from other kinds of milks, including goat’s milk, sheep’s milk, and cashew milk. The word cheese is allowable so long as these products’ labels clearly communicate to consumers the identity of the product (that it is made from goat’s milk, sheep’s milk, or cashew milk)—just as terms like soy milk, almond milk, and chocolate milk are allowable on milk cartons. The CURD Act’s expansion of the definition of milk to include lacteal secretions of other animals, but not plants, suggests that its intent is protectionist: to permit producers to use the label ‘‘natural cheese’’ when their products contain ingredients that are not natural (e.g., synthetic dyes) while simultaneously attempting to deny producers of plantbased cheeses access to the same term. Second, the CURD Act would establish a productspecific definition of the term ‘‘natural’’ instead of a consistent definition set by FDA that would apply to all the food products it regulates. Setting a productspecific definition of ‘‘natural’’ would likely conflict with how FDA uses it in other contexts and could result in consumer confusion. Third, the Act would create a rift between FDA and USDA regarding the use of ‘‘natural’’ on labels. This too could increase consumer confusion. Since the term ‘‘natural’’ can mean different things to different consumers, USDA currently requires USDAapproved labels to briefly explain onlabel what a ‘‘natural’’ claim applies to. The CURD Act does not require any such explanation, giving ‘‘natural cheese’’ a free pass to claim it is natural without giving further information to consumers. To ensure a fair marketplace that works for consumers, food labels must be clear to consumers and not privilege one set of producers over another. By that measure, the CURD Act fails. We therefore respectfully urge you to oppose the bill at this time. Thank you very much for your consideration of this request. Sincerely, JESSICA ALMY, ESQ. Director of Policy, The Good Food Institute. KENNETH FORSBERG , PH.D., Senior Policy Specialist, The Good Food Institute. 
b1315 Mr. PALLONE. Mr. Speaker, we should not displace the important role of the FDA in determining the correct terminology and approach to regulating and labeling food products like cheese. Changes to the statute should be considered in broad daylight, with robust discussion and significant input from consumer, industry, and government stakeholders. That has not happened in this case, and for these reasons I oppose the bill and urge my colleagues to oppose the bill as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GUTHRIE. Mr. Speaker, I support S. 2322, the CURD Act, which would define the term ‘‘natural cheese’’ within the Federal statute and, with passage, head to the President’s desk. Mr. Speaker, I urge all Members to support the bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 2322. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. AMASH. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. f 
VA WEBSITE ACCESSIBILITY ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6418) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to conduct a study regarding the accessibility of websites of the Department of Veterans Affairs to individuals with disabilities, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 6418 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘VA Website Accessibility Act of 2018’’. 
SEC. 2. STUDY REGARDING THE ACCESSIBILITY OF WEBSITES OF THE DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS TO INDIVIDUALS WITH DISABILITIES. 
(a) S TUDY .—Not later than 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall examine all websites (including attached files and webbased applications) of the Department of Veterans Affairs to determine whether such websites are accessible to individuals with disabilities in accordance with section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794d). (b) REPORT .—Not later than 90 days after completing the study under subsection (a), the Secretary shall submit a report to Congress regarding such study. The report shall include the following: (1) A list of each website, file, or webbased application described in subsection (a) that is not accessible to individuals with disabilities in accordance with section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794d). (2) The plan of the Secretary to bring each website, file, or webbased application identified in the list under paragraph (1) into compliance with the requirements of section 508 of the Rehabilitation Act of 1973 (29 U.S.C. 794d). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6418, as amended, the VA Website Accessibility Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, in the interest of time, I will allow Vice Ranking Member TAKANO to discuss the bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. 
Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 6418, as amended, the VA Website Accessibility Act of 2018. This bill from Representative ESTY mandates that the VA finally make all of its websites compliant for visually impaired individuals. This is a longoverdue action that the Blinded Veterans Association has tirelessly advocated for to make VA communications and information fully accessible to everyone, and I am proud to support this bill. I have no further speakers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of H.R. 6418, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6418, as amended. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
DOUGLAS FOURNET DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CLINIC Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3444) to designate the communitybased outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lake Charles, Louisiana, as the ‘‘Douglas Fournet Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic’’. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3444 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. DESIGNATION OF DOUGLAS FOURNET DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS CLINIC IN LAKE CHARLES, LOUISIANA. 
(a) D ESIGNATION .—The communitybased outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lake Charles, Louisiana, shall after the date of the enactment of this Act be known and designated as the ‘‘Douglas Fournet Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic’’ or the ‘‘Douglas Fournet VA Clinic’’. (b) REFERENCE .—Any reference in any law, regulation, map, document, paper, or other record of the United States to the communitybased outpatient clinic referred to in subsection (a) shall be considered to be a reference to the Douglas Fournet Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. GENERAL LEAVE  
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. HIGGINS) to discuss this bill. Mr. HIGGINS of Louisiana. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3444, which renames the VA communitybased outpatient clinic in Lake Charles, Louisiana, after First Lieutenant Douglas Fournet. Mr. Speaker, I was proud to sponsor the House version of this bill. Douglas Fournet is an American hero deserving of the highest tribute. He joined the Army in 1966 and was deployed to Vietnam. There, Fournet served as rifle platoon leader of the 2nd Platoon, Company Bravo. In the A Shau Valley of Vietnam, the platoon came under sniper fire. With an enemy mine in the way of the platoon’s advance, Fournet ordered his men to take cover. He then ran uphill to the mine and attempted to disarm it with a knife. Before he could succeed, the mine was detonated. Douglas Fournet was posthumously awarded the Medal of Honor in 1970. He is the sole recipient from southwest Louisiana. Douglas Fournet gave his last full measure of devotion in service to his country and in defense of his platoon. Our freedoms are paid for by the blood of patriots like First Lieutenant Fournet. Renaming of the Lake Charles VA clinic is a small tribute to his courage and forever enshrines the legacy among southwest Louisiana veterans. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join with me and honor the life, legacy, and gallantry of First Lieutenant Douglas Fournet. I urge favorable passage. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3444, a bill to designate the communitybased outpatient clinic of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Lake Charles, Louisiana, as the Douglas Fournet Department of Veterans Affairs Clinic. I support this bill from Senator CASSIDY to name this clinic after Louisiana Medal of Honor recipient Douglas Fournet. I have no further speakers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of S. 3444, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support this legislation for an American hero, First Lieutenant Douglas Fournet. It is a privilege to recommend this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3444. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
FOREVER GI BILL HOUSING PAYMENT FULFILLMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 3777) to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to establish a tiger team dedicated to addressing the difficulties encountered by the Department of Veterans Affairs in carrying out section 3313 of title 38, United States Code, after the enactment of sections 107 and 501 of the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 3777 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Forever GI Bill Housing Payment Fulfillment Act of 2018’’. 
(a) F INDINGS .—Congress finds the following: (1) On August 16, 2017, the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–48) (known by some as the ‘‘Forever GI Bill’’) was enacted into law. (2) Such Act makes certain improvements to the Post9/11 Educational Assistance program for veterans, including improvements relating to how the Secretary of Veterans Affairs calculates the amount of payments for monthly housing stipends under that program. (3) Section 107 of such Act (Public Law 115– 48; 33 U.S.C. 3313 note) requires the Secretary to calculate the amount of payments for monthly housing stipends based on the location of the campus of the institution of higher learning where the individual attends classes, a change from the previous direction to make such calculation based on the location of the institution of higher learning. (4) Section 501 of such Act (Public Law 115– 48; 37 U.S.C. 403 note) repeals the inapplicability of a modification of the basic allowance for housing for members of the uniformed services to benefits administered by the Department of Veterans Affairs. (5) The amendments made by section 107 and 501 of such Act became effective on August 1, 2018, and January 1, 2018, respectively. 
(6) Representatives of the Department of Veterans Affairs have stated that the Department will not be able to determine proper payment amounts based on the amendment made by section 107 of such Act until December 1, 2019. (7) Representatives of the Department have also stated that outdated information technology systems have stymied efforts to update necessary information that enable proper housing payments as required by the provisions of law amended by sections 107 and 501 of such Act. (b) SENSE OF CONGRESS .—It is the sense of Congress that— (1) as soon as possible, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs should end the making of improper payment amounts for monthly stipends under section 3313 of title 38, United States Code; (2) by January 1, 2020, the Secretary should make whole the individuals entitled to payments of monthly stipends under section 3313 of title 38, United States Code, who have been underpaid as a result of the difficulties encountered by the Department of Veterans Affairs in carrying out such section after the enactment of sections 107 and 501 of the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–48); and (3) no individuals entitled to payments of monthly stipend under section 3313 of title 38, United States Code, who have been overpaid as a result of the difficulties encountered by the Department in carrying out such section after the enactment of sections 107 and 501 of such Act should have overpayments recuperated by the Department. 
(a) E STABLISHMENT .—Not later than one day after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall establish a tiger team (in this section referred to as the ‘‘Tiger Team’’) dedicated to addressing the difficulties encountered by the Department of Veterans Affairs in carrying out section 3313 of title 38, United States Code, after the enactment of sections 107 and 501 of the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–48; 38 U.S.C. 3313 note and 37 U.S.C. 403 note). (b) COMPOSITION .—Not later than 15 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress the names and titles of the employees of the Department who compose the Tiger Team established under subsection (a), including the name and title of the seniorlevel employee of the Department who serves as the lead accountable official of the Tiger Team. (c) DUTIES .— (1) SUBMISSION TO CONGRESS .—Not later than 90 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Tiger Team shall submit to Congress the following: (A) A plan describing the following: (i) How the Secretary will obtain the information necessary to determine the correct payment amounts for monthly stipends under section 3313 of title 38, United States Code, made after the enactment of sections 107 and 501 of the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–48; 38 U.S.C. 3313 note and 37 U.S.C. 403 note), from officials responsible for the certification of payments of monthly stipends made under section 3313 of such title. (ii) How the Secretary will modify the relevant information technology systems of the Department to correct the payment amounts for monthly stipends under section 3313 of such title made after the enactment of sections 107 and 501 of such Act (Public Law 115– 48; 38 U.S.C. 3313 note and 37 U.S.C. 403 note) that were deficient. (iii) How the Secretary will identify all of the individuals who received payments of monthly stipends under section 3313 of such title that were not in compliance with such section, after the enactment of sections 107 and 501 of such Act (Public Law 115–48; 38 U.S.C. 3313 note and 37 U.S.C. 403 note). (iv) How the Secretary will notify the individuals described in clause (iii). (v) The procedures the Secretary will use to correct the payments of monthly stipends under section 3313 of such title that were deficient as a result of the difficulties encountered by the Department of Veterans Affairs in carrying out such section after the enactment of sections 107 and 501 of such Act (Public Law 115–48; 38 U.S.C. 3313 note and 37 U.S.C. 403 note). (B) A complete timeline for the implementation of the plan described in subparagraph (A). (C) Any additional funding and personnel requirements necessary to support the implementation of the plan described in subparagraph (A), including any such requirements as may be necessary for staffing increases or relevant improvements to the information technology infrastructure of the Department. (2) IMPLEMENTATION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall implement the plan submitted under paragraph (1)(A). (B) PERIODIC UPDATES .—Not less frequently than once every 90 days after submission of the items under paragraph (1), the Tiger Team shall submit to Congress an update on the implementation of the plan described in subparagraph (A) of such paragraph. (3) FINAL REPORT .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Not later than July 1, 2020, the Tiger Team shall submit to the appropriate congressional committees a final report on the activities and findings of the Tiger Team. (B) CONTENTS .—The report required by subparagraph (A) shall include the following: (i) The number of individuals who were affected by payments of monthly stipends under section 3313 of title 38, United States Code, that were not in compliance with such section after the enactment of sections 107 and 501 of the Harry W. Colmery Veterans Educational Assistance Act of 2017 (Public Law 115–48; 38 U.S.C. 3313 note and 37 U.S.C. 403 note). (ii) The number of individuals described in clause (i) who received deficient payments as a result of the difficulties encountered by the Department in carrying out section 3313 of such title after the enactment of sections 107 and 501 of such Act (Public Law 115–48; 38 U.S.C. 3313 note and 37 U.S.C. 403 note), and the total amount of the deficiency for each individual, disaggregated by State. (iii) The number of individuals described in clause (ii) who have not received the amount of monthly stipend to which such individuals are entitled under section 3313 of such title and an explanation of why such individuals have not received such amounts. (iv) A certification of whether the Department is fully compliant with sections 107 and 501 of such Act (Public Law 115–48; 38 U.S.C. 3313 note and 37 U.S.C. 403 note). (C) APPROPRIATE CONGRESSIONAL COMMIT TEES DEFINED .—In this paragraph, the term ‘‘appropriate congressional committees’’ means the following: (i) The Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the Senate. (ii) The Subcommittee on Military Construction and Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies of the Committee on Appropriations and the Committee on Veterans’ Affairs of the House of Representatives. (d) TERMINATION .—On the date that is 60 days after the date on which the Tiger Team submits the final report required by subsection (c)(3), the Secretary shall terminate the Tiger Team established under subsection (a). 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material during consideration of S. 3777. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3777, Forever GI Bill Housing Payment Fulfillment Act of 2018. Mr. Speaker, the Forever GI Bill is one of several landmark bills that this Congress has enacted to help our Nation’s veterans; however, the implementation of this law has been bumpy, to say the least, and there have been veterans who have been underpaid due to the Department of Veterans Affairs’ inability to modify their ancient IT systems to properly implement the law. While I am encouraged by Secretary Wilkie’s decision to reset implementation of the IT modifications, we owe it to our veterans to conduct proper oversight of this process. That is why I am proud to support this legislation introduced by my good friends Senator BOOZMAN of Arkansas and Mr. A NDY BARRof Kentucky on the House side. This bill would require the VA to create a ‘‘tiger team’’ that would produce a plan to ensure all GI bill users who were underpaid as a result of the IT systems not being in place are made whole. The bill would also require periodic updates on the VA’s progress on providing these underpayments to veterans. Mr. Speaker, this bill will ensure the VA does the right thing and pays student veterans what they are owed under the law. I encourage my colleagues to support S. 3777, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 3777, the Forever GI Bill Housing Payment Fulfillment Act of 2018. This bill from Senators BOOZMAN and SCHATZ will help keep the VA accountable as it moves forward to fix the issues it has run into in fully implementing the Forever GI Bill. As we continue our oversight over VA’s implementation of the Forever GI Bill, I am glad this bill provides us with more tools to do so. 
I have no further speakers. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in support of S. 3777, the Forever GI Bill Housing Payment Fulfillment Act of 2018, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I encourage all Members to support S. 3777, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 3777. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
b1330 ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HASTINGS. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for rollcall No. 448, S. 756—the First Step Act of 2018. However, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yes’’ on the measure. 
PANDEMIC AND ALLHAZARDS PREPAREDNESS AND ADVANCING INNOVATION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. COLLINS of Georgia). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 7328) to reauthorize certain programs under the Public Health Service Act and the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to public health security and allhazards preparedness and response, to clarify the regulatory framework with respect to certain nonprescription drugs that are marketed without an approved drug application, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BURGESS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The Chair would like to remind all Members that we are entering into a 2 minute vote series. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 367, nays 9, not voting 56, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kildee Kilmer King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Biggs Brooks (AL) King (IA) Massie Perry Poe (TX) Sensenbrenner Yoho 
Bishop (MI) Black Capuano Cartwright Comstock Costa Cramer Crowley Davidson Davis, Danny Denham Duncan (SC) Goodlatte Hanabusa Hastings Hoyer Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones (NC) Kaptur Keating Kihuen Kind Lewis (GA) Lofgren Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Maloney, Carolyn B. Messer Nadler Noem Pelosi Peterson Pittenger Polis Ratcliffe Richmond Rosen Ross Russell Rutherford Sarbanes Scott, David Sessions SheaPorter Shuster Sinema Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Trott Vela Walters, Mimi Walz ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 499, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 450, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 451. 
JUSTICE AGAINST CORRUPTION ON K STREET ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2896) to require disclosure by lobbyists of convictions for bribery, extortion, embezzlement, illegal kickbacks, tax evasion, fraud, conflicts of interest, making false statements, perjury, or money laundering, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 391, nays 0, not voting 41, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOT VOTING—41 
Bishop (MI) Black Comstock Costa Cramer Crowley Davis, Danny Duncan (SC) Hanabusa Hastings Higgins (NY) Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones (NC) Keating Kind Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Messer Noem Peterson Pittenger Polis Ratcliffe Rosen Ross Russell Schrader Scott, David SheaPorter Sinema Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Trott Vela Walters, Mimi Walz Wilson (FL) 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. PITTENGER. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 448, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 449, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 450, ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 451, and ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 452. ‘‘ 
VICTIMS OF CHILD ABUSE ACT REAUTHORIZATION ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 2961) to reauthorize subtitle A of the Victims of Child Abuse Act of 1990, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. COLLINS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 388, nays 2, not voting 42, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper 
Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Barraga´n Bishop (MI) Black Blumenauer Comstock Costa Cramer Crowley Cuellar Davis, Danny Duncan (SC) Garrett Hanabusa Hastings Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones (NC) Keating Kind Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Messer Noem Peterson Polis Ratcliffe Rosen Ross Russell Scott, Austin Scott, David SheaPorter Sinema Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Trott Vela Walters, Mimi Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mrs. NAPOLITANO. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 461. 
STOP, OBSERVE, ASK, AND RESPOND TO HEALTH AND WELLNESS ACT OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 767) to establish the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to address human trafficking in the health care system, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. GUTHRIE ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendment. This is a 2minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 386, nays 6, not voting 40, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costello (PA) Courtney Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Ellison Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Bishop (MI) Black Comstock Costa Cramer Crawford Crowley Davis, Danny Duncan (SC) Hanabusa Hastings Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Johnson, Sam Jones (NC) Keating Kind Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Messer Noem Peterson Polis Ratcliffe Rosen Ross Russell Scott, Austin Scott, David SheaPorter Sinema Smith (NE) Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Trott Vela Walters, Mimi Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to rule IX, I rise to a question of the privileges of the House, and I send to the desk a privileged resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the resolution. The Clerk read as follows: 
Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, TITLE I—CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS SECTION 101. FULLYEAR EXTENSION. 
Division C of Public Law 115–245 is amended by striking the date specified in section 105(3) and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2019’’. TITLE II—TEMPORARY ASSISTANCE FOR NEEDY FAMILIES 
(a) F AMILY ASSISTANCE GRANTS .—Section 403(a)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 603(a)(1)) is amended in each of subparagraphs (A) and (C) by striking ‘‘2017 and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 and 2020’’. (b) HEALTHY MARRIAGE PROMOTION AND RESPONSIBLE FATHERHOOD GRANTS .—Section 403(a)(2)(D) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 603(a)(2)(D)) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘2017 and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 and 2020’’; and (2) by striking ‘‘for fiscal year 2017 or 2018’’. (c) CONTINGENCY FUND.—Section 403(b)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 603(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘fiscal year 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘each of fiscal years 2019 and 2020’’. (d) TRIBAL FAMILY ASSISTANCE GRANTS .— Paragraphs (1)(A) and (2)(A) of section 412(a) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 612(a)) are each amended by striking ‘‘2017 and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 and 2020’’. (e) CHILD CARE.—Section 418(a)(3) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 618(a)(3)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017 and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 and 2020’’. (f) GRANTS TO THE TERRITORIES .—Section 1108(b)(2) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1308(b)(2)) is amended by striking ‘‘2017 and 2018’’ and inserting ‘‘2019 and 2020’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 411(a) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 611(a)) is amended by redesignating paragraph (7) as paragraph (8) and inserting after paragraph (6) the following: ‘‘(7) REPORT ON ENGAGEMENT , EMPLOYMENT  
AND OUTCOMES .— ‘‘(A) REPORTING AGREEMENT .—Each State and the Secretary shall enter into an agreement specifying the manner by which the information and data described in this paragraph shall be collected and reported to the Secretary beginning in fiscal year 2020. ‘‘(i) OUTCOMES FOR EXITING RECIPIENTS .—In formation and data regarding families who formerly received assistance and included a workeligible individual (disaggregated by type of family, reason for exit, and participation in work activities during the preceding fiscal year) under the State program funded under this part or under any State program funded with qualified State expenditures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B)(i)), with respect to the following: ‘‘(I) The percentage with at least 1 formerly workeligible individual employed during the 2nd quarter after exiting from the program. ‘‘(II) The percentage with at least 1 formerly workeligible individual employed during the 4th quarter after exiting from the program. ‘‘(III) The median earnings when at least 1 formerly workeligible individual is employed during the 2nd quarter after exiting from the program. ‘‘(IV) The percentage with at least 1 formerly workeligible individual employed during any of the first 4 quarters after exiting from the program. ‘‘(V) The distribution of income and earnings, including relative to poverty and deep poverty, for each of the first 4 quarters ending after the quarter of exit from assistance. ‘‘(VI) The percentage who, at the time of exit from the program, were subject to the following: ‘‘(aa) A penalty under section 407(e). ‘‘(bb) A sanction or penalty described in section 404 or 408. ‘‘(cc) A penalty or sanction not described in item (aa) or (bb). ‘‘(ii) ENGAGEMENT AND EMPLOYMENT OF CUR RENT RECIPIENTS .— ‘‘(I) WORKELIGIBLE INDIVIDUALS .—In the case of current workeligible individuals under the State program funded under this part or under any State program funded with qualified State expenditures (as defined in section 409(a)(7)(B)(i)), the following information relative to current quarter being reported: ‘‘(aa) Earnings in each of the 4 quarters immediately preceding the quarter. ‘‘(bb) Standard measures of employment, earnings, receipt of assistance, and participation in work activities (as defined in section 407(d)) in each of the first 4 quarters following the quarter. ‘‘(II) ALL RECIPIENTS .—The percentage of recipients of assistance under the State program funded under this part who have not attained 24 years of age and who obtain a high school degree or its recognized equivalent while receiving the assistance. ‘‘(B) STATISTICAL ADJUSTMENT MODEL FOR  
EMPLOYMENT OUTCOMES .—The Secretary, in consultation with the Secretary of Labor and relevant experts, shall develop recommendations by March 1, 2020, on how to establish and disseminate an objective statistical model that will allow the Secretary to make adjustments to the data reported pursuant to subclauses (I) through (IV) of subparagraph (A)(i) of this paragraph, based on economic conditions and the characteristics of participants. To the extent practicable, the recommendations shall be compatible with the statistical adjustment model developed under section 116(b)(3)(A)(viii) of the Workforce Innovation and Opportunity Act (29 U.S.C. 3141(b)(3)(A)(viii)) and, with respect to a State, the State adjusted levels of performance established for the State under that section.’’. 
SEC. 203. TECHNICAL CORRECTIONS TO DATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS TO IMPROVE PROGRAM COORDINATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 411(d) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 611(d)) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(d) DATA EXCHANGE STANDARDS FOR IMPROVED INTEROPERABILITY .— ‘‘(1) DESIGNATION .—The Secretary shall, in consultation with an interagency work group established by the Office of Management and Budget and considering State government perspectives, by rule, designate data exchange standards to govern, under this part— ‘‘(A) necessary categories of information that State agencies operating programs under State plans approved under this part are required under applicable Federal law to electronically exchange with another State agency; and ‘‘(B) Federal reporting and data exchange required under applicable Federal law. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENTS .—The data exchange standards required by paragraph (1) shall, to the extent practicable— ‘‘(A) incorporate a widely accepted, non proprietary, searchable, computerreadable format, such as the eXtensible Markup Language; ‘‘(B) contain interoperable standards developed and maintained by intergovernmental partnerships, such as the National Information Exchange Model; ‘‘(C) incorporate interoperable standards developed and maintained by Federal entities with authority over contracting and financial assistance; ‘‘(D) be consistent with and implement applicable accounting principles; 
‘‘(E) be implemented in a manner that is costeffective and improves program efficiency and effectiveness; and ‘‘(F) be capable of being continually upgraded as necessary. ‘‘(3) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to require a change to existing data exchange standards found to be effective and efficient.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—Not later than the date that is 24 months after the date of the enactment of this section, the Secretary of Health and Human Services shall issue a proposed rule that— (1) identifies federally required data exchanges, include specification and timing of exchanges to be standardized, and address the factors used in determining whether and when to standardize data exchanges; and (2) specifies State implementation options and describes future milestones. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Does the gentlewoman from California wish to present argument on the parliamentary question of whether the text presents a question of the privileges of the House? Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I do. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentlewoman is recognized on the question of order. Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, the House and Senate Democrats and Republicans of the Appropriations Committee have worked hard and long to come up with bipartisan legislation to meet the needs of the American people. Right now, we are in the midst of Congress delaying. The market is down almost 5 points for this and other reasons. This is not the time for us to shut down the government. We have a product developed in a bipartisan way for the reasons described by the Clerk, who read it, and it is privileged because of the time of the year, because of the extent of the concern that the American people have, and because of the harm that will be done to them if the government shuts down. It would be totally irresponsible. That is why I consider it a privilege to rise to say: Let’s keep the government open by passing this bipartisan legislation first introduced by Congresswoman LOWEY , our distinguished Democratic leader on the Appropriations Committee. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair is prepared to rule. The text presented proposes legislative language to continue funding for certain elements of the U.S. Government. The text, by proposing legislative language unachievable by a simple resolution, does not qualify as a question of the privileges of the House. For what purpose does the gentlewoman from California seek recognition? Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I appeal the ruling of the Chair. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is: Shall the decision of the Chair stand as the judgment of the House? For what purpose does the gentleman from California seek recognition? 
Mr. M CCARTHY. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will report the motion. The Clerk read as follows: Mr. MCCARTHY of California moves to lay the appeal on the table. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to table. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Ms. PELOSI. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 187, noes 170, not voting 75, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Amash Amodei Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Cook Costello (PA) Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Emmer Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gallagher Garrett Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Perry Pittenger Poliquin Posey Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Royce (CA) Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NJ) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Tenney Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Morelle Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Soto Speier Suozzi Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Vargas Veasey Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wild Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—75 
Allen Arrington Barr Black Buck Burgess Capuano Comer Comstock Conaway Costa Cramer Crawford Crowley Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney Denham Duncan (SC) Dunn Estes (KS) Gaetz Gianforte Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Hastings Hensarling Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Katko Keating Kind LaMalfa Lee Lewis (MN) Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Lynch Marshall Messer Newhouse Noem O’Rourke Pearce Peterson Poe (TX) Polis Ratcliffe Reed Rosen Roskam Rouzer Russell Scott, Austin Scott, David SheaPorter Sinema Smith (NE) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Trott Tsongas Vela Walters, Mimi Walz Westerman Yoho Young (AK) 
b1531 Mrs. BUSTOS changed her vote from ‘‘aye’’ to ‘‘no.’’ Mr. PALMER changed his vote from ‘‘no’’ to ‘‘aye.’’ So the motion to table was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. Stated for: Mr. CONAWAY. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for this vote as I was at the White House for the signing of the 2018 Farm Bill. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘YEA’’ on rollcall No. 467. 
Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I was not present for rollcall vote No. 467 on Motion to Table. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea.’’ 
SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1181, I call up the bill (H.R. 88) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MITCHELL ). The Clerk will designate the Senate amendment. Senate amendment: 
Strike out all after the enacting clause and insert: 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Shiloh National Military Park Boundary Adjustment and Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield Designation Act’’. 
In this Act: (1) AFFILIATED AREA .—The term ‘‘affiliated area’’ means the Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield established as an affiliated area of the National Park System by section 4(a). (2) PARK.—The term ‘‘Park’’ means Shiloh National Military Park, a unit of the National Park System. (3) SECRETARY .—The term ‘‘Secretary’’ means the Secretary of the Interior. 
SEC. 3. AREAS TO BE ADDED TO SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK. 
(a) A DDITIONAL AREAS.—The boundary of the Park is modified to include the areas that are generally depicted on the map entitled ‘‘Shiloh National Military Park, Proposed Boundary Adjustment’’, numbered 304/80,011, and dated July 2014, and which are comprised of the following: (1) Fallen Timbers Battlefield. (2) Russell House Battlefield. (3) Davis Bridge Battlefield. (b) ACQUISITION AUTHORITY .—The Secretary may acquire the land described in subsection (a) by donation or exchange. (c) ADMINISTRATION .—Any land acquired under this section shall be administered as part of the Park. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield in the State of Tennessee is established as an affiliated area of the National Park System. (b) DESCRIPTION OF AFFILIATED AREA.—The affiliated area shall consist of the area generally depicted within the ‘‘Proposed Boundary’’ on the map entitled ‘‘Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield, Proposed Boundary’’, numbered 903/ 80,073, and dated July 2014. (c) ADMINISTRATION .—The affiliated area shall be managed in accordance with— (1) this Act; and (2) any law generally applicable to units of the National Park System. (d) MANAGEMENT ENTITY .—The City of Parkers Crossroads and the Tennessee Historical Commission shall jointly be the management entity for the affiliated area. (e) COOPERATIVE AGREEMENTS .—The Sec retary may provide technical assistance and enter into cooperative agreements with the management entity for the purpose of providing financial assistance for the marketing, marking, interpretation, and preservation of the affiliated area. (f) LIMITED ROLE OF THE SECRETARY .—Noth ing in this Act authorizes the Secretary to acquire property at the affiliated area or to assume overall financial responsibility for the operation, maintenance, or management of the affiliated area. (g) GENERAL MANAGEMENT PLAN.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary, in consultation with the management entity, shall develop a general management plan for the affiliated area in accordance with section 100502 of title 54, United States Code. (2) TRANSMITTAL .—Not later than 3 years after the date on which funds are made available to carry out this Act, the Secretary shall submit to the Committee on Natural Resources of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Energy and Natural Resources of the Senate the general management plan developed under paragraph (1). 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Brady of Texas moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 88 with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–87. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 1180, the amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–87 shall be considered as read. The text of the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the text is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the Senate, insert the following: DIVISION A—RETIREMENT, SAVINGS, AND OTHER TAX RELIEF ACT OF 2018 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This division may be cited as the Retirement, Savings, and Other Tax Relief Act of 2018. (b) AMENDMENT OF 1986 C ODE.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this division an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (c) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this division is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title, etc. TITLE I—DISASTER TAX RELIEF Sec. 101. Definitions. Sec. 102. Special disasterrelated rules for use of retirement funds. Sec. 103. Employee retention credit for employers affected by qualified disasters. Sec. 104. Other disasterrelated tax relief provisions. Sec. 105. Treatment of certain possessions. Sec. 106. Automatic extension of filing deadline. TITLE II—RETIREMENT AND SAVINGS Subtitle A—Expanding and Preserving Retirement Savings Sec. 201. Multiple employer plans; pooled employer plans. Sec. 202. Rules relating to election of safe harbor 401(k) status. Sec. 203. Certain taxable nontuition fellowship and stipend payments treated as compensation for IRA purposes. Sec. 204. Repeal of maximum age for traditional IRA contributions. Sec. 205. Qualified employer plans prohibited from making loans through credit cards and other similar arrangements. Sec. 206. Portability of lifetime income investments. Sec. 207. Treatment of custodial accounts on termination of section 403(b) plans. Sec. 208. Clarification of retirement income account rules relating to church controlled organizations. Sec. 209. Increase in 10 percent cap for automatic enrollment safe harbor after 1st plan year. Sec. 210. Increase in credit limitation for small employer pension plan startup costs. Sec. 211. Small employer automatic enrollment credit. Sec. 212. Exemption from required minimum distribution rules for individuals with certain account balances. Sec. 213. Elective deferrals by members of the Ready Reserve of a reserve component of the Armed Forces. Subtitle B—Administrative Improvements Sec. 221. Plan adopted by filing due date for year may be treated as in effect as of close of year. Sec. 222. Modification of nondiscrimination rules to protect older, longer service participants. Sec. 223. Fiduciary safe harbor for selection of lifetime income provider. Sec. 224. Disclosure regarding lifetime income. Sec. 225. Modification of PBGC premiums for CSEC plans. Subtitle C—Other Savings Provisions Sec. 231. Expansion of section 529 plans. Sec. 232. Penaltyfree withdrawals from retirement plans for individuals in case of birth of child or adoption. TITLE III—REPEAL OR DELAY OF CERTAIN HEALTHRELATED TAXES Sec. 301. Extension of moratorium on medical device excise tax. Sec. 302. Delay in implementation of excise tax on high cost employersponsored health coverage. Sec. 303. Extension of suspension of annual fee on health insurance providers. Sec. 304. Repeal of excise tax on indoor tanning services. TITLE IV—CERTAIN EXPIRING PROVISIONS Sec. 401. Railroad track maintenance credit made permanent. Sec. 402. Biodiesel and renewable diesel provisions extended and phased out. TITLE V—OTHER PROVISIONS Sec. 501. Technical amendments relating to Public Law 115–97. Sec. 502. Clarification of treatment of veterans as specified group for purposes of the lowincome housing tax credit. Sec. 503. Clarification of general public use requirement for qualified residential rental projects. Sec. 504. Floor plan financing applicable to certain trailers and campers. Sec. 505. Repeal of increase in unrelated business taxable income by disallowed fringe. Sec. 506. Certain purchases of employeeowned stock disregarded for purposes of foundation tax on excess business holdings. Sec. 507. Allowing 501(c)(3) organization to make statements relating to political campaign in ordinary course of carrying out its tax exempt purpose. Sec. 508. Charitable organizations permitted to make collegiate housing and infrastructure grants. Sec. 509. Restriction on regulation of contingency fees with respect to tax returns, etc. TITLE I—DISASTER TAX RELIEF 
(1) G ENERAL DEFINITIONS .— (A) QUALIFIED DISASTER AREA .—The term ‘‘qualified disaster area’’ means the Hurricane Florence disaster area; the Hurricane Michael disaster area; the Typhoon Mangkhut disaster area; the Typhoon Yutu disaster area; the Mendocino wildfire disaster area; the Camp and Woolsey wildfire disaster area; the Kilauea volcanic eruption and earthquakes disaster area; the Hawaii severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides disaster area; the Wisconsin severe storms, tornadoes, straightline winds, flooding, and landslides disaster area; the Texas severe storms and flooding disaster area; the North Carolina tornado and severe storms disaster area; the Indiana severe storms and flooding disaster area; the Alabama severe storms and tornadoes disaster area; and the Tropical Storm Gita disaster area. (B) QUALIFIED DISASTER ZONE .—The term ‘‘qualified disaster zone’’ means that portion of any qualified disaster area which is determined by the President to warrant individual or individual and public assistance from the Federal Government under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of the qualified disaster with respect to such disaster area. (C) QUALIFIED DISASTER .—The term ‘‘qualified disaster’’ means, with respect to any qualified disaster area, the disaster by reason of which a major disaster was declared with respect to such area. (2) HURRICANE FLORENCE .— (A) HURRICANE FLORENCE DISASTER AREA .— The term ‘‘Hurricane Florence disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which a major disaster has been declared by the President on or before December 17, 2018, under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of Hurricane Florence. (B) INCIDENT BEGINNING DATE .—The incident beginning date of Hurricane Florence is September 7, 2018. (C) INCIDENT PERIOD .—The incident period of Hurricane Florence is the period beginning on the incident beginning date of Hurricane Florence and ending on October 8, 2018. (3) HURRICANE MICHAEL .— (A) HURRICANE MICHAEL DISASTER AREA .—The term ‘‘Hurricane Michael disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which a major disaster has been declared by the President on or before December 17, 2018, under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of Hurricane Michael. (B) INCIDENT BEGINNING DATE .—The incident beginning date of Hurricane Michael is October 7, 2018. (C) INCIDENT PERIOD .—The incident period of Hurricane Michael is the period beginning on the incident beginning date of Hurricane Michael and ending on October 23, 2018. (4) TYPHOON MANGKHUT .— (A) TYPHOON MANGKHUT DISASTER AREA .—The term ‘‘Typhoon Mangkhut disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which a major disaster has been declared by the President on or before December 17, 2018, under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of Typhoon Mangkhut. (B) INCIDENT BEGINNING DATE .—The incident beginning date of Typhoon Mangkhut is September 10, 2018. (C) INCIDENT PERIOD .—The incident period of Typhoon Mangkhut is the period beginning on the incident beginning date of Typhoon Mangkhut and ending on September 11, 2018. (5) TYPHOON YUTU .— (A) TYPHOON YUTU DISASTER AREA .—The term ‘‘Typhoon Yutu disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which a major disaster has been declared by the President on or before December 17, 2018, under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of Typhoon Yutu. (B) INCIDENT BEGINNING DATE .—The incident beginning date of Typhoon Yutu is October 24, 2018. (C) INCIDENT PERIOD .—The incident period of Typhoon Yutu is the period beginning on the incident beginning date of Typhoon Yutu and ending on October 26, 2018. (6) MENDOCINO WILDFIRE .— (A) MENDOCINO WILDFIRE DISASTER AREA .— The term ‘‘Mendocino wildfire disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which, during the period beginning on August 4, 2018, and ending on December 17, 2018, a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of the wildfire in California commonly known as the Mendocino wildfire of 2018 (including the Carr wildfire of 2018). (B) INCIDENT BEGINNING DATE .—The incident beginning date of the wildfires referred to in subparagraph (A) is July 23, 2018. (C) INCIDENT PERIOD .—The incident period of the wildfires referred to in subparagraph (A) is the period beginning on the incident beginning date of such wildfires and ending on September 19, 2018. (7) CAMP AND WOOLSEY WILDFIRES .— (A) CAMP AND WOOLSEY WILDFIRE DISASTER  
AREA.—The term ‘‘Camp and Woolsey wildfire disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which, during the period beginning on November 12, 2018, and ending on December 17, 2018, a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of the wildfires in California commonly known as the Camp and Woolsey wildfires of 2018 (including the Hill wildfire of 2018). (B) INCIDENT BEGINNING DATE .—The incident beginning date of the wildfires referred to in subparagraph (A) is November 8, 2018. (C) INCIDENT PERIOD .—The incident period of the wildfires referred to in subparagraph (A) is the period beginning on the incident beginning date of such wildfires and ending on November 25, 2018. (8) KILAUEA VOLCANIC ERUPTION AND EARTH QUAKES .— (A) KILAUEA VOLCANIC ERUPTION AND EARTH QUAKES DISASTER AREA .—The term ‘‘Kilauea volcanic eruption and earthquakes disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which, during the period beginning on May 11, 2018, and ending on December 17, 2018, a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of the Kilauea volcanic eruption and earthquakes occurring in Hawaii during the period beginning on May 3, 2018, and ending on August 17, 2018. (B) INCIDENT BEGINNING DATE .—The incident beginning date of the volcanic eruption and earthquakes referred to in subparagraph (A) is May 3, 2018. (C) INCIDENT PERIOD .—The incident period of the volcanic eruption and earthquakes referred to in subparagraph (A) is the period beginning on the incident beginning date with respect to such eruption and earthquakes and ending on August 17, 2018. (9) HAWAII SEVERE STORMS , FLOODING , LAND SLIDES , AND MUDSLIDES .— (A) HAWAII SEVERE STORMS , FLOODING , LAND SLIDES , AND MUDSLIDES DISASTER AREA .—The term ‘‘Hawaii severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which, during the period beginning on May 8, 2018, and ending on December 17, 2018, a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of the severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides occurring in Hawaii during the period beginning on April 13, 2018, and ending on April 16, 2018. (B) INCIDENT BEGINNING DATE .—The incident beginning date of the severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides referred to in subparagraph (A) is April 13, 2018. (C) INCIDENT PERIOD .—The incident period of the severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides referred to in subparagraph (A) is the period beginning on the incident beginning date with respect to such severe storms, flooding, landslides, and mudslides and ending on April 16, 2018. (10) WISCONSIN SEVERE STORMS , TORNADOES , 
STRAIGHT LINE WINDS , FLOODING , AND LAND SLIDES .— (A) WISCONSIN SEVERE STORMS , TORNADOES , 
STRAIGHT LINE WINDS , FLOODING , AND LAND SLIDES DISASTER AREA .—The term ‘‘Wisconsin severe storms, tornadoes, straightline winds, flooding, and landslides disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which, during the period beginning on October 18, 2018, and ending on December 17, 2018, a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of the severe storms, tornadoes, straightline winds, flooding, and landslides occurring in Wisconsin during the period beginning on August 17, 2018, and ending on September 14, 2018. (B) INCIDENT BEGINNING DATE .—The incident beginning date of the severe storms, tornadoes, straightline winds, flooding, and landslides referred to in subparagraph (A) is August 17, 2018. (C) INCIDENT PERIOD .—The incident period of the severe storms, tornadoes, straightline winds, flooding, and landslides referred to in subparagraph (A) is the period beginning on the incident beginning date with respect to such severe storms, tornadoes, straightline winds, flooding, and landslides and ending on September 14, 2018. (11) TEXAS SEVERE STORMS AND FLOODING .— (A) TEXAS SEVERE STORMS AND FLOODING DIS ASTER AREA .—The term ‘‘Texas severe storms and flooding disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which, during the period beginning on July 6, 2018, and ending on December 17, 2018, a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of the severe storms and flooding occurring in Texas during the period beginning on June 19, 2018, and ending on July 13, 2018. (B) INCIDENT BEGINNING DATE .—The incident beginning date of the severe storms and flooding referred to in subparagraph (A) is June 19, 2018. (C) INCIDENT PERIOD .—The incident period of the severe storms and flooding referred to in subparagraph (A) is the period beginning on the incident beginning date with respect to such severe storms and flooding and ending on July 13, 2018. (12) NORTH CAROLINA TORNADO AND SEVERE  
STORMS DISASTER AREA .—The term ‘‘North Carolina tornado and severe storms disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which, during the period beginning on May 8, 2018, and ending on December 17, 2018, a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of the tornado and severe storms occurring in North Carolina on April 15, 2018. (B) INCIDENT BEGINNING DATE ; INCIDENT PE RIOD.—The incident beginning date, and the incident period, of the tornado and severe storms referred to in subparagraph (A) is April 15, 2018. (13) INDIANA SEVERE STORMS AND FLOODING .— (A) INDIANA SEVERE STORMS AND FLOODING  
DISASTER AREA .—The term ‘‘Indiana severe storms and flooding disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which, during the period beginning on May 4, 2018, and ending on December 17, 2018, a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the 
Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of the severe storms and flooding occurring in Indiana during the period beginning on February 14, 2018, and ending on March 4, 2018. (B) INCIDENT BEGINNING DATE .—The incident beginning date of the severe storms and flooding referred to in subparagraph (A) is February 14, 2018. (C) INCIDENT PERIOD .—The incident period of the severe storms and flooding referred to in subparagraph (A) is the period beginning on the incident beginning date with respect to such severe storms and flooding and ending on March 4, 2018. (14) ALABAMA SEVERE STORMS AND TORNA DOES.— (A) ALABAMA SEVERE STORMS AND TORNADOES  
DISASTER AREA .—The term ‘‘Alabama severe storms and tornadoes disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which, during the period beginning on April 26, 2018, and ending on December 17, 2018, a major disaster has been declared by the President under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of the severe storms and tornadoes occurring in Alabama during the period beginning on March 19, 2018, and ending on March 20, 2018. (B) INCIDENT BEGINNING DATE .—The incident beginning date of the severe storms and tornadoes referred to in subparagraph (A) is March 19, 2018. (C) INCIDENT PERIOD .—The incident period of the severe storms and tornadoes referred to in subparagraph (A) is the period beginning on the incident beginning date with respect to such severe storms and tornadoes and ending on March 20, 2018. (15) TROPICAL STORM GITA .— (A) TROPICAL STORM GITA DISASTER AREA .— The term ‘‘Tropical Storm Gita disaster area’’ means an area with respect to which a major disaster has been declared by the President on or before December 17, 2018, under section 401 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act by reason of Tropical Storm Gita. (B) INCIDENT BEGINNING DATE .—The incident beginning date of Tropical Storm Gita is February 7, 2018. (C) INCIDENT PERIOD .—The incident period of Tropical Storm Gita is the period beginning on the incident beginning date of Tropical Storm Gita and ending on February 12, 2018. 
SEC. 102. SPECIAL DISASTERRELATED RULES FOR USE OF RETIREMENT FUNDS. 
(a) T AXFAVORED WITHDRAWALS FROM RETIREMENT PLANS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 72(t) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply to any qualified disaster distribution. (2) AGGREGATE DOLLAR LIMITATION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of this subsection, the aggregate amount of distributions received by an individual which may be treated as qualified disaster distributions for any taxable year shall not exceed the excess (if any) of— (i) $100,000, over (ii) the aggregate amounts treated as qualified disaster distributions received by such individual for all prior taxable years. (B) TREATMENT OF PLAN DISTRIBUTIONS .—If a distribution to an individual would (without regard to subparagraph (A)) be a qualified disaster distribution, a plan shall not be treated as violating any requirement of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 merely because the plan treats such distribution as a qualified disaster distribution, unless the aggregate amount of such distributions from all plans maintained by the employer (and any member of any controlled group which includes the employer) to such individual exceeds $100,000. (C) CONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of subparagraph (B), the term ‘‘controlled group’’ means any group treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (D) SPECIAL RULE FOR INDIVIDUALS AFFECTED  
BY MORE THAN ONE DISASTER .—The limitation of subparagraph (A) shall be applied separately with respect to distributions made with respect to each qualified disaster which is described in a separate paragraph of section 101. (3) AMOUNT DISTRIBUTED MAY BE REPAID .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Any individual who receives a qualified disaster distribution may, at any time during the 3year period beginning on the day after the date on which such distribution was received, make 1 or more contributions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such distribution to an eligible retirement plan of which such individual is a beneficiary and to which a rollover contribution of such distribution could be made under section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), or 457(e)(16), of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as the case may be. (B) TREATMENT OF REPAYMENTS OF DISTRIBU TIONS FROM ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLANS OTHER  
THAN IRAS .—For purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribution is made pursuant to subparagraph (A) with respect to a qualified disaster distribution from an eligible retirement plan other than an individual retirement plan, then the taxpayer shall, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, be treated as having received the qualified disaster distribution in an eligible rollover distribution (as defined in section 402(c)(4) of such Code) and as having transferred the amount to the eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (C) TREATMENT OF REPAYMENTS OF DISTRIBU TIONS FROM IRAS .—For purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, if a contribution is made pursuant to subparagraph (A) with respect to a qualified disaster distribution from an individual retirement plan (as defined by section 7701(a)(37) of such Code), then, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, the qualified disaster distribution shall be treated as a distribution described in section 408(d)(3) of such Code and as having been transferred to the eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. (4) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection— (A) QUALIFIED DISASTER DISTRIBUTION .—Ex cept as provided in paragraph (2), the term ‘‘qualified disaster distribution’’ means any distribution from an eligible retirement plan made on or after the incident beginning date of a qualified disaster and before January 1, 2020, to an individual whose principal place of abode at any time during the incident period of such qualified disaster is located in the qualified disaster area with respect to such qualified disaster and who has sustained an economic loss by reason of such qualified disaster. (B) ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLAN .—The term ‘‘eligible retirement plan’’ shall have the meaning given such term by section 402(c)(8)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (5) INCOME INCLUSION SPREAD OVER 3 YEAR PE RIOD.— (A) IN GENERAL .—In the case of any qualified disaster distribution, unless the taxpayer elects not to have this paragraph apply for any taxable year, any amount required to be included in gross income for such taxable year shall be so included ratably over the 3taxableyear period beginning with such taxable year. (B) SPECIAL RULE .—For purposes of subparagraph (A), rules similar to the rules of subparagraph (E) of section 408A(d)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall apply. (6) SPECIAL RULES .— (A) EXEMPTION OF DISTRIBUTIONS FROM  
TRUSTEE TO TRUSTEE TRANSFER AND WITH HOLDING RULES .—For purposes of sections 401(a)(31), 402(f), and 3405 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, qualified disaster distributions shall not be treated as eligible rollover distributions. (B) QUALIFIED DISASTER DISTRIBUTIONS  
TREATED AS MEETING PLAN DISTRIBUTION RE QUIREMENTS .—For purposes the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, a qualified disaster distribution shall be treated as meeting the requirements of sections 401(k)(2)(B)(I), 403(b)(7)(A)(ii), 403(b)(11), and 457(d)(1)(A) of such Code. (b) RECONTRIBUTIONS OF WITHDRAWALS FOR  HOMEPURCHASES .— (1) RECONTRIBUTIONS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Any individual who received a qualified distribution may, during the applicable period, make 1 or more contributions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such qualified distribution to an eligible retirement plan (as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) of which such individual is a beneficiary and to which a rollover contribution of such distribution could be made under section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), or 408(d)(3), of such Code, as the case may be. (B) TREATMENT OF REPAYMENTS .—Rules similar to the rules of subparagraphs (B) and (C) of subsection (a)(3) shall apply for purposes of this subsection. (2) QUALIFIED DISTRIBUTION .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified distribution’’ means any distribution— (A) described in section 401(k)(2)(B)(i)(IV), 403(b)(7)(A)(ii) (but only to the extent such distribution relates to financial hardship), 403(b)(11)(B), or 72(t)(2)(F), of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, (B) which was to be used to purchase or construct a principal residence in a qualified disaster area, but which was not so used on account of the qualified disaster with respect to such area, and (C) which was received on or after January 1, 2018, and before the date which is 30 days after the last day of the incident period of such qualified disaster. (3) APPLICABLE PERIOD .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘applicable period’’ means, in the case of a principal residence in a qualified disaster area with respect to any qualified disaster, the period beginning on the incident beginning date of such qualified disaster and ending on February 28, 2019. (c) LOANS FROMQUALIFIED PLANS.— (1) INCREASE IN LIMIT ON LOANS NOT TREATED  
AS DISTRIBUTIONS .—In the case of any loan from a qualified employer plan (as defined under section 72(p)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) to a qualified individual made during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of this Act and ending on December 31, 2019— (A) clause (i) of section 72(p)(2)(A) of such Code shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$100,000’’ for ‘‘$50,000’’, and (B) clause (ii) of such section shall be applied by substituting ‘‘the present value of the nonforfeitable accrued benefit of the employee under the plan’’ for ‘‘onehalf of the present value of the nonforfeitable accrued benefit of the employee under the plan’’. (2) DELAY OF REPAYMENT .—In the case of a qualified individual (with respect to any qualified disaster) with an outstanding loan on or after the incident beginning date (of such qualified disaster) from a qualified employer plan (as defined in section 72(p)(4) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986)— (A) if the due date pursuant to subparagraph (B) or (C) of section 72(p)(2) of such Code for any repayment with respect to such loan occurs during the period beginning on the incident beginning date of such qualified disaster and ending on December 31, 2019, such due date shall be delayed for 1 year, (B) any subsequent repayments with respect to any such loan shall be appropriately adjusted to reflect the delay in the due date under paragraph (1) and any interest accruing during such delay, and (C) in determining the 5year period and the term of a loan under subparagraph (B) or (C) of 
section 72(p)(2) of such Code, the period described in subparagraph (A) of this paragraph shall be disregarded. (3) QUALIFIED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified individual’’ means any individual— (A) whose principal place of abode at any time during the incident period of any qualified disaster is located in the qualified disaster area with respect to such qualified disaster, and (B) who has sustained an economic loss by reason of such qualified disaster. (d) PROVISIONS RELATING TO PLAN AMEND MENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—If this subsection applies to any amendment to any plan or annuity contract, such plan or contract shall be treated as being operated in accordance with the terms of the plan during the period described in paragraph (2)(B)(i). (2) AMENDMENTS TO WHICH SUBSECTION AP PLIES .— (A) IN GENERAL .—This subsection shall apply to any amendment to any plan or annuity contract which is made— (i) pursuant to any provision of this section, or pursuant to any regulation issued by the Secretary or the Secretary of Labor under any provision of this section, and (ii) on or before the last day of the first plan year beginning on or after January 1, 2020, or such later date as the Secretary may prescribe. In the case of a governmental plan (as defined in section 414(d) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986), clause (ii) shall be applied by substituting the date which is 2 years after the date otherwise applied under clause (ii). (B) CONDITIONS .—This subsection shall not apply to any amendment unless— (i) during the period— (I) beginning on the date that this section or the regulation described in subparagraph (A)(i) takes effect (or in the case of a plan or contract amendment not required by this section or such regulation, the effective date specified by the plan), and (II) ending on the date described in subparagraph (A)(ii) (or, if earlier, the date the plan or contract amendment is adopted), the plan or contract is operated as if such plan or contract amendment were in effect, and (ii) such plan or contract amendment applies retroactively for such period. 
SEC. 103. EMPLOYEE RETENTION CREDIT FOR EMPLOYERS AFFECTED BY QUALIFIED DISASTERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—For purposes of section 38 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, in the case of an eligible employer, the 2018 qualified disaster employee retention credit shall be treated as a credit listed in subsection (b) of such section. For purposes of this subsection, the 2018 qualified disaster employee retention credit for any taxable year is an amount equal to 40 percent of the qualified wages with respect to each eligible employee of such employer for such taxable year. For purposes of the preceding sentence, the amount of qualified wages which may be taken into account with respect to any individual shall not exceed $6,000. (b) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section— (1) ELIGIBLE EMPLOYER .—The term ‘‘eligible employer’’ means any employer— (A) which conducted an active trade or business in a qualified disaster zone at any time during the incident period of the qualified disaster with respect to such qualified disaster zone, and (B) with respect to whom the trade or business described in subparagraph (A) is inoperable at any time after the incident beginning date of such qualified disaster, and before January 1, 2019, as a result of damage sustained by reason of such qualified disaster. (2) ELIGIBLE EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘eligible employee’’ means with respect to an eligible employer an employee whose principal place of employment at any time during the incident period of the qualified disaster referred to in paragraph (1) with such eligible employer was in the qualified disaster zone referred to in such paragraph. (3) QUALIFIED WAGES .—The term ‘‘qualified wages’’ means wages (as defined in section 51(c)(1) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, but without regard to section 3306(b)(2)(B) of such Code) paid or incurred by an eligible employer with respect to an eligible employee at any time after the incident beginning date of the qualified disaster referred to in paragraph (1), and before January 1, 2019, which occurs during the period— (A) beginning on the date on which the trade or business described in paragraph (1) first became inoperable at the principal place of employment of the employee immediately before the qualified disaster referred to in such paragraph, and (B) ending on the date on which such trade or business has resumed significant operations at such principal place of employment. Such term shall include wages paid without regard to whether the employee performs no services, performs services at a different place of employment than such principal place of employment, or performs services at such principal place of employment before significant operations have resumed. (c) CERTAIN RULES TO APPLY.—For purposes of this subsection, rules similar to the rules of sections 51(i)(1), 52, and 280C(a), of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, shall apply. (d) EMPLOYEE NOTTAKEN INTO ACCOUNT  MORETHAN ONCE.—An employee shall not be treated as an eligible employee for purposes of this subsection for any period with respect to any employer if such employer is allowed a credit under section 51 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to such employee for such period. 
ONCHARITABLE CONTRIBUTIONS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in paragraph (2), subsection (b) of section 170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply to qualified contributions and such contributions shall not be taken into account for purposes of applying subsections (b) and (d) of such section to other contributions. (2) TREATMENT OF EXCESS CONTRIBUTIONS .— For purposes of section 170 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986— (A) INDIVIDUALS .—In the case of an individual— (i) LIMITATION .—Any qualified contribution shall be allowed only to the extent that the aggregate of such contributions does not exceed the excess of the taxpayer’s contribution base (as defined in subparagraph (H) of section 170(b)(1) of such Code) over the amount of all other charitable contributions allowed under section 170(b)(1) of such Code. (ii) CARRYOVER .—If the aggregate amount of qualified contributions made in the contribution year (within the meaning of section 170(d)(1) of such Code) exceeds the limitation of clause (i), such excess shall be added to the excess described in the portion of subparagraph (A) of such section which precedes clause (i) thereof for purposes of applying such section. (B) CORPORATIONS .—In the case of a corporation— (i) LIMITATION .—Any qualified contribution shall be allowed only to the extent that the aggregate of such contributions does not exceed the excess of the taxpayer’s taxable income (as determined under paragraph (2) of section 170(b) of such Code) over the amount of all other charitable contributions allowed under such paragraph. (ii) CARRYOVER .—Rules similar to the rules of subparagraph (A)(ii) shall apply for purposes of this subparagraph. (3) QUALIFIED CONTRIBUTIONS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified contribution’’ means any charitable contribution (as defined in section 170(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986) if— (i) such contribution— (I) is paid during the period beginning on February 7, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2018, in cash to an organization described in section 170(b)(1)(A) of such Code, and (II) is made for relief efforts in one or more qualified disaster areas, (ii) the taxpayer obtains from such organization contemporaneous written acknowledgment (within the meaning of section 170(f)(8) of such Code) that such contribution was used (or is to be used) for relief efforts described in clause (i)(II), and (iii) the taxpayer has elected the application of this subsection with respect to such contribution. (B) EXCEPTION .—Such term shall not include a contribution by a donor if the contribution is— (i) to an organization described in section 509(a)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, or (ii) for the establishment of a new, or maintenance of an existing, donor advised fund (as defined in section 4966(d)(2) of such Code). (C) APPLICATION OF ELECTION TO PARTNER SHIPS AND S CORPORATIONS .—In the case of a partnership or S corporation, the election under subparagraph (A)(iii) shall be made separately by each partner or shareholder. (b) SPECIAL RULES FOR QUALIFIED DISASTER  
RELATED PERSONAL CASUALTY LOSSES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—If an individual has a net disaster loss for any taxable year— (A) the amount determined under section 165(h)(2)(A)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be equal to the sum of— (i) such net disaster loss, and (ii) so much of the excess referred to in the matter preceding clause (i) of section 165(h)(2)(A) of such Code (reduced by the amount in clause (i) of this subparagraph) as exceeds 10 percent of the adjusted gross income of the individual, (B) section 165(h)(1) of such Code shall be applied by substituting ‘‘$500’’ for ‘‘$500 ($100 for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2009)’’, (C) the standard deduction determined under section 63(c) of such Code shall be increased by the net disaster loss, and (D) section 56(b)(1)(E) of such Code shall not apply to so much of the standard deduction as is attributable to the increase under subparagraph (C) of this paragraph. (2) NET DISASTER LOSS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘net disaster loss’’ means the excess of qualified disasterrelated personal casualty losses over personal casualty gains (as defined in section 165(h)(3)(A) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986). (3) QUALIFIED DISASTER RELATED PERSONAL  
CASUALTY LOSSES .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified disasterrelated personal casualty losses’’ means losses described in section 165(c)(3) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which arise in a qualified disaster area on or after the incident beginning date of the qualified disaster to which such area relates, and which are attributable to such qualified disaster. (c) SPECIAL RULE FOR DETERMINING EARNED  INCOME .— (1) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a qualified individual, if the earned income of the taxpayer for the applicable taxable year is less than the earned income of the taxpayer for the preceding taxable year, the credits allowed under sections 24(d) and 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 may, at the election of the taxpayer, be determined by substituting— (A) such earned income for the preceding taxable year, for 
(B) such earned income for the applicable taxable year. (2) QUALIFIED INDIVIDUAL .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘qualified individual’’ means any individual whose principal place of abode at any time during the incident period of any qualified disaster was located— (A) in the qualified disaster zone with respect to such qualified disaster, or (B) in the qualified disaster area with respect to such qualified disaster (but outside the qualified disaster zone with respect to such qualified disaster) and such individual was displaced from such principal place of abode by reason of such qualified disaster. (3) APPLICABLE TAXABLE YEAR .—The term ‘‘applicable taxable year’’ means, with respect to any qualified individual, any taxable year which includes any day during the incident period of the qualified disaster to which the qualified disaster area referred to in paragraph (2) relates. (4) EARNED INCOME .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘earned income’’ has the meaning given such term under section 32(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (5) SPECIAL RULES .— (A) APPLICATION TO JOINT RETURNS .—For pur poses of paragraph (1), in the case of a joint return for an applicable taxable year— (i) such paragraph shall apply if either spouse is a qualified individual, and (ii) the earned income of the taxpayer for the preceding taxable year shall be the sum of the earned income of each spouse for such preceding taxable year. (B) UNIFORM APPLICATION OF ELECTION .—Any election made under paragraph (1) shall apply with respect to both sections 24(d) and 32 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (C) ERRORS TREATED AS MATHEMATICAL  
ERROR .—For purposes of section 6213 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, an incorrect use on a return of earned income pursuant to paragraph (1) shall be treated as a mathematical or clerical error. (D) NO EFFECT ON DETERMINATION OF GROSS  
INCOME , ETC.—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be applied without regard to any substitution under paragraph (1). 
(a) P AYMENTS TO GUAM AND THE COMMON WEALTH OF THE NORTHERN MARIANA ISLANDS .— The Secretary of the Treasury shall pay to Guam and the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands amounts equal to the loss to that possession by reason of the application of the provisions of this title. Such amounts shall be determined by the Secretary of the Treasury based on information provided by the government of the respective possession. (b) PAYMENTS TO AMERICAN SAMOA .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury shall pay to American Samoa amounts estimated by the Secretary of the Treasury as being equal to the aggregate benefits that would have been provided to residents of American Samoa by reason of the provisions of this title if a mirror code tax system had been in effect in American Samoa. The preceding sentence shall not apply unless American Samoa has a plan, which has been approved by the Secretary of the Treasury, under which American Samoa will promptly distribute such payments to its residents. (2) MIRROR CODE TAX SYSTEM .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘mirror code tax system’’ means, with respect to any possession of the United States, the income tax system of such possession if the income tax liability of the residents of such possession under such system is determined by reference to the income tax laws of the United States as if such possession were the United States. (c) TREATMENT OF PAYMENTS .—For purposes of section 1324 of title 31, United States Code, the payments under this section shall be treated in the same manner as a refund due from a credit provision referred to in subsection (b)(2) of such section. SEC. 106. AUTOMATIC EXTENSION OF FILING DEADLINE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7508A is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) MANDATORY 60DAYEXTENSION .—In the case of— ‘‘(1) any individual whose principal place of abode is in a disaster area (as defined in section 165(i)(5)(B)), and ‘‘(2) any taxpayer if the taxpayer’s principal place of business (other than the business of performing services of an employee) is located in a disaster area (as so defined), the period beginning on the earliest incident date specified in the declaration to which such area relates and ending on the date which is 60 days after the latest incident date so specified shall be disregarded in the same manner as a period specified under subsection (a).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to Federally declared disasters declared after December 31, 2017. TITLE II—RETIREMENT AND SAVINGS Subtitle A—Expanding and Preserving Retirement Savings 
(a) Q UALIFICATION REQUIREMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 413 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) APPLICATION OF QUALIFICATION REQUIRE MENTS FOR CERTAIN MULTIPLE EMPLOYER PLANS WITHPOOLED PLANPROVIDERS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), if a defined contribution plan to which subsection (c) applies— ‘‘(A) is maintained by employers which have a common interest other than having adopted the plan, or ‘‘(B) in the case of a plan not described in subparagraph (A), has a pooled plan provider, then the plan shall not be treated as failing to meet the requirements under this title applicable to a plan described in section 401(a) or to a plan that consists of individual retirement accounts described in section 408 (including by reason of subsection (c) thereof), whichever is applicable, merely because one or more employers of employees covered by the plan fail to take such actions as are required of such employers for the plan to meet such requirements. ‘‘(2) LIMITATIONS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Paragraph (1) shall not apply to any plan unless the terms of the plan provide that in the case of any employer in the plan failing to take the actions described in paragraph (1)— ‘‘(i) the assets of the plan attributable to employees of such employer (or beneficiaries of such employees) will be transferred to a plan maintained only by such employer (or its successor), to an eligible retirement plan as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B) for each individual whose account is transferred, or to any other arrangement that the Secretary determines is appropriate, unless the Secretary determines it is in the best interests of the employees of such employer (and the beneficiaries of such employees) to retain the assets in the plan, and ‘‘(ii) such employer (and not the plan with respect to which the failure occurred or any other employer in such plan) shall, except to the extent provided by the Secretary, be liable for any liabilities with respect to such plan attributable to employees of such employer (or beneficiaries of such employees). ‘‘(B) FAILURES BY POOLED PLAN PROVIDERS .— If the pooled plan provider of a plan described in paragraph (1)(B) does not perform substantially all of the administrative duties which are required of the provider under paragraph (3)(A)(i) for any plan year, the Secretary may provide that the determination as to whether the plan meets the requirements under this title applicable to a plan described in section 401(a) or to a plan that consists of individual retirement accounts described in section 408 (including by reason of subsection (c) thereof), whichever is applicable, shall be made in the same manner as would be made without regard to paragraph (1). ‘‘(3) POOLED PLAN PROVIDER .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘pooled plan provider’ means, with respect to any plan, a person who— ‘‘(i) is designated by the terms of the plan as a named fiduciary (within the meaning of section 402(a)(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974), as the plan administrator, and as the person responsible to perform all administrative duties (including conducting proper testing with respect to the plan and the employees of each employer in the plan) which are reasonably necessary to ensure that— ‘‘(I) the plan meets any requirement applicable under the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 or this title to a plan described in section 401(a) or to a plan that consists of individual retirement accounts described in section 408 (including by reason of subsection (c) thereof), whichever is applicable, and ‘‘(II) each employer in the plan takes such actions as the Secretary or such person determines are necessary for the plan to meet the requirements described in subclause (I), including providing to such person any disclosures or other information which the Secretary may require or which such person otherwise determines are necessary to administer the plan or to allow the plan to meet such requirements, ‘‘(ii) registers as a pooled plan provider with the Secretary, and provides such other information to the Secretary as the Secretary may require, before beginning operations as a pooled plan provider, ‘‘(iii) acknowledges in writing that such person is a named fiduciary (within the meaning of section 402(a)(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974), and the plan administrator, with respect to the plan, and ‘‘(iv) is responsible for ensuring that all persons who handle assets of, or who are fiduciaries of, the plan are bonded in accordance with section 412 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974. ‘‘(B) AUDITS , EXAMINATIONS AND INVESTIGA TIONS .—The Secretary may perform audits, examinations, and investigations of pooled plan providers as may be necessary to enforce and carry out the purposes of this subsection. ‘‘(C) AGGREGATION RULES .—For purposes of this paragraph, in determining whether a person meets the requirements of this paragraph to be a pooled plan provider with respect to any plan, all persons who perform services for the plan and who are treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 shall be treated as one person. ‘‘(D) TREATMENT OF EMPLOYERS AS PLAN  
SPONSORS .—Except with respect to the administrative duties of the pooled plan provider described in subparagraph (A)(i), each employer in a plan which has a pooled plan provider shall be treated as the plan sponsor with respect to the portion of the plan attributable to employees of such employer (or beneficiaries of such employees). ‘‘(4) GUIDANCE .—The Secretary shall issue such guidance as the Secretary determines appropriate to carry out this subsection, including guidance— ‘‘(A) to identify the administrative duties and other actions required to be performed by a pooled plan provider under this subsection, ‘‘(B) which describes the procedures to be taken to terminate a plan which fails to meet the requirements to be a plan described in paragraph (1), including the proper treatment of, and actions needed to be taken by, any employer in the plan and the assets and liabilities of the plan attributable to employees of such 
employer (or beneficiaries of such employees), and ‘‘(C) identifying appropriate cases to which the rules of paragraph (2)(A) will apply to employers in the plan failing to take the actions described in paragraph (1). The Secretary shall take into account under subparagraph (C) whether the failure of an employer or pooled plan provider to provide any disclosures or other information, or to take any other action, necessary to administer a plan or to allow a plan to meet requirements applicable to the plan under section 401(a) or 408, whichever is applicable, has continued over a period of time that demonstrates a lack of commitment to compliance. ‘‘(5) MODEL PLAN .—The Secretary shall publish model plan language which meets the requirements of this subsection and of paragraphs (43) and (44) of section 3 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 and which may be adopted in order for a plan to be treated as a plan described in paragraph (1)(B).’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 413(c)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘section 401(a)’’ and inserting ‘‘sections 401(a) and 408(c)’’. (3) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 408(c) is amended by inserting after paragraph (2) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) There is a separate accounting for any interest of an employee or member (or spouse of an employee or member) in a Roth IRA.’’. (b) NOCOMMON INTEREST REQUIRED FOR  POOLED EMPLOYER PLANS.—Section 3(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1002(2)) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(C) A pooled employer plan shall be treated as— ‘‘(i) a single employee pension benefit plan or single pension plan; and ‘‘(ii) a plan to which section 210(a) applies.’’. (c) POOLED EMPLOYER PLAN AND PROVIDER  DEFINED .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 3 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1002) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(43) POOLED EMPLOYER PLAN .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘pooled employer plan’ means a plan— ‘‘(i) which is an individual account plan established or maintained for the purpose of providing benefits to the employees of 2 or more employers; ‘‘(ii) which is a plan described in section 401(a) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which includes a trust exempt from tax under section 501(a) of such Code or a plan that consists of individual retirement accounts described in section 408 of such Code (including by reason of subsection (c) thereof); and ‘‘(iii) the terms of which meet the requirements of subparagraph (B). Such term shall not include a plan maintained by employers which have a common interest other than having adopted the plan. ‘‘(B) REQUIREMENTS FOR PLAN TERMS .—The requirements of this subparagraph are met with respect to any plan if the terms of the plan— ‘‘(i) designate a pooled plan provider and provide that the pooled plan provider is a named fiduciary of the plan; ‘‘(ii) designate one or more trustees meeting the requirements of section 408(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (other than an employer in the plan) to be responsible for collecting contributions to, and holding the assets of, the plan and require such trustees to implement written contribution collection procedures that are reasonable, diligent, and systematic; ‘‘(iii) provide that each employer in the plan retains fiduciary responsibility for— ‘‘(I) the selection and monitoring in accordance with section 404(a) of the person designated as the pooled plan provider and any other person who, in addition to the pooled plan provider, is designated as a named fiduciary of the plan; and ‘‘(II) to the extent not otherwise delegated to another fiduciary by the pooled plan provider and subject to the provisions of section 404(c), the investment and management of the portion of the plan’s assets attributable to the employees of the employer (or beneficiaries of such employees); ‘‘(iv) provide that employers in the plan, and participants and beneficiaries, are not subject to unreasonable restrictions, fees, or penalties with regard to ceasing participation, receipt of distributions, or otherwise transferring assets of the plan in accordance with section 208 or paragraph (44)(C)(i)(II); ‘‘(v) require— ‘‘(I) the pooled plan provider to provide to employers in the plan any disclosures or other information which the Secretary may require, including any disclosures or other information to facilitate the selection or any monitoring of the pooled plan provider by employers in the plan; and ‘‘(II) each employer in the plan to take such actions as the Secretary or the pooled plan provider determines are necessary to administer the plan or for the plan to meet any requirement applicable under this Act or the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to a plan described in section 401(a) of such Code or to a plan that consists of individual retirement accounts described in section 408 of such Code (including by reason of subsection (c) thereof), whichever is applicable, including providing any disclosures or other information which the Secretary may require or which the pooled plan provider otherwise determines are necessary to administer the plan or to allow the plan to meet such requirements; and ‘‘(vi) provide that any disclosure or other information required to be provided under clause (v) may be provided in electronic form and will be designed to ensure only reasonable costs are imposed on pooled plan providers and employers in the plan. ‘‘(C) EXCEPTIONS .—The term ‘pooled employer plan’ does not include— ‘‘(i) a multiemployer plan; or ‘‘(ii) a plan established before the date of the enactment of the Retirement, Savings, and Other Tax Relief Act of 2018 unless the plan administrator elects that the plan will be treated as a pooled employer plan and the plan meets the requirements of this title applicable to a pooled employer plan established on or after such date. ‘‘(D) TREATMENT OF EMPLOYERS AS PLAN  
SPONSORS .—Except with respect to the administrative duties of the pooled plan provider described in paragraph (44)(A)(i), each employer in a pooled employer plan shall be treated as the plan sponsor with respect to the portion of the plan attributable to employees of such employer (or beneficiaries of such employees). ‘‘(44) POOLED PLAN PROVIDER .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘pooled plan provider’ means a person who— ‘‘(i) is designated by the terms of a pooled employer plan as a named fiduciary, as the plan administrator, and as the person responsible for the performance of all administrative duties (including conducting proper testing with respect to the plan and the employees of each employer in the plan) which are reasonably necessary to ensure that— ‘‘(I) the plan meets any requirement applicable under this Act or the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to a plan described in section 401(a) of such Code or to a plan that consists of individual retirement accounts described in section 408 of such Code (including by reason of subsection (c) thereof), whichever is applicable; and ‘‘(II) each employer in the plan takes such actions as the Secretary or pooled plan provider determines are necessary for the plan to meet the requirements described in subclause (I), including providing the disclosures and information described in paragraph (43)(B)(v)(II); ‘‘(ii) registers as a pooled plan provider with the Secretary, and provides to the Secretary such other information as the Secretary may require, before beginning operations as a pooled plan provider; ‘‘(iii) acknowledges in writing that such person is a named fiduciary, and the plan administrator, with respect to the pooled employer plan; and ‘‘(iv) is responsible for ensuring that all persons who handle assets of, or who are fiduciaries of, the pooled employer plan are bonded in accordance with section 412. ‘‘(B) AUDITS , EXAMINATIONS AND INVESTIGA TIONS .—The Secretary may perform audits, examinations, and investigations of pooled plan providers as may be necessary to enforce and carry out the purposes of this paragraph and paragraph (43). ‘‘(C) GUIDANCE .—The Secretary shall issue such guidance as the Secretary determines appropriate to carry out this paragraph and paragraph (43), including guidance— ‘‘(i) to identify the administrative duties and other actions required to be performed by a pooled plan provider under either such paragraph; and ‘‘(ii) which requires in appropriate cases that if an employer in the plan fails to take the actions required under subparagraph (A)(i)(II)— ‘‘(I) the assets of the plan attributable to employees of such employer (or beneficiaries of such employees) are transferred to a plan maintained only by such employer (or its successor), to an eligible retirement plan as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for each individual whose account is transferred, or to any other arrangement that the Secretary determines is appropriate in such guidance; and ‘‘(II) such employer (and not the plan with respect to which the failure occurred or any other employer in such plan) shall, except to the extent provided in such guidance, be liable for any liabilities with respect to such plan attributable to employees of such employer (or beneficiaries of such employees). The Secretary shall take into account under clause (ii) whether the failure of an employer or pooled plan provider to provide any disclosures or other information, or to take any other action, necessary to administer a plan or to allow a plan to meet requirements described in subparagraph (A)(i)(II) has continued over a period of time that demonstrates a lack of commitment to compliance. The Secretary may waive the requirements of subclause (ii)(I) in appropriate circumstances if the Secretary determines it is in the best interests of the employees of the employer referred to in such clause (and the beneficiaries of such employees) to retain the assets in the plan with respect to which the employer’s failure occurred. ‘‘(D) AGGREGATION RULES .—For purposes of this paragraph, in determining whether a person meets the requirements of this paragraph to be a pooled plan provider with respect to any plan, all persons who perform services for the plan and who are treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall be treated as one person.’’. (2) BONDING REQUIREMENTS FOR POOLED EM PLOYER PLANS .—The last sentence of section 412(a) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1112(a)) is amended by inserting ‘‘or in the case of a pooled employer plan (as defined in section 3(43))’’ after ‘‘section 407(d)(1))’’. (3) CONFORMING AND TECHNICAL AMEND MENTS .—Section 3 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1002) is amended— (A) in paragraph (16)(B)— (i) by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (ii); and (ii) by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, or (iv) in the case of a pooled employer plan, the pooled plan provider.’’; and 
(B) by striking the second paragraph (41). (d) POOLED EMPLOYER AND MULTIPLE EMPLOYER PLANREPORTING .— (1) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION .—Section 103 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1023) is amended— (A) in subsection (a)(1)(B), by striking ‘‘applicable subsections (d), (e), and (f)’’ and inserting ‘‘applicable subsections (d), (e), (f), and (g)’’; and (B) by amending subsection (g) to read as follows: ‘‘(g) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION WITHRESPECT  
TOPOOLED EMPLOYER AND MULTIPLE EMPLOYER PLANS.—An annual report under this section for a plan year shall include— ‘‘(1) with respect to any plan to which section 210(a) applies (including a pooled employer plan), a list of employers in the plan, a good faith estimate of the percentage of total contributions made by such employers during the plan year, and the aggregate account balances attributable to each employer in the plan (determined as the sum of the account balances of the employees of such employer (and the beneficiaries of such employees)); and ‘‘(2) with respect to a pooled employer plan, the identifying information for the person designated under the terms of the plan as the pooled plan provider.’’. (2) SIMPLIFIED ANNUAL REPORTS .—Section 104(a) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1024(a)) is amended by striking paragraph (2)(A) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2)(A) With respect to annual reports required to be filed with the Secretary under this part, the Secretary may by regulation prescribe simplified annual reports for any pension plan that— ‘‘(i) covers fewer than 100 participants; or ‘‘(ii) is a plan described in section 210(a) that covers fewer than 1,000 participants, but only if no single employer in the plan has 100 or more participants covered by the plan.’’. (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2019. (2) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .—Nothing in the amendments made by subsection (a) shall be construed as limiting the authority of the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate (determined without regard to such amendments) to provide for the proper treatment of a failure to meet any requirement applicable under the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 with respect to one employer (and its employees) in a multiple employer plan. 
SEC. 202. RULES RELATING TO ELECTION OF SAFE HARBOR 401(k) STATUS. 
(a) L IMITATION OF ANNUAL SAFEHARBOR NOTICE TO MATCHING CONTRIBUTION PLANS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 401(k)(12)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘if such arrangement’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘if such arrangement— ‘‘(i) meets the contribution requirements of subparagraph (B) and the notice requirements of subparagraph (D), or ‘‘(ii) meets the contribution requirements of subparagraph (C).’’. (2) AUTOMATIC CONTRIBUTION ARRANGE MENTS .—Section 401(k)(13)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘means’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘means a cash or deferred arrangement— ‘‘(i) which is described in subparagraph (D)(i)(I) and meets the applicable requirements of subparagraphs (C) through (E), or ‘‘(ii) which is described in subparagraph (D)(i)(II) and meets the applicable requirements of subparagraphs (C) and (D).’’. (b) NONELECTIVE CONTRIBUTIONS .—Section 401(k)(12) is amended by redesignating subparagraph (F) as subparagraph (G), and by inserting after subparagraph (E) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) TIMING OF PLAN AMENDMENT FOR EM PLOYER MAKING NONELECTIVE CONTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), a plan may be amended after the beginning of a plan year to provide that the requirements of subparagraph (C) shall apply to the arrangement for the plan year, but only if the amendment is adopted— ‘‘(I) at any time before the 30th day before the close of the plan year, or ‘‘(II) at any time before the last day under paragraph (8)(A) for distributing excess contributions for the plan year. ‘‘(ii) EXCEPTION WHERE PLAN PROVIDED FOR  
MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .—Clause (i) shall not apply to any plan year if the plan provided at any time during the plan year that the requirements of subparagraph (B) or paragraph (13)(D)(i)(I) applied to the plan year. ‘‘(iii) 4PERCENT CONTRIBUTION REQUIRE MENT .—Clause (i)(II) shall not apply to an arrangement unless the amount of the contributions described in subparagraph (C) which the employer is required to make under the arrangement for the plan year with respect to any employee is an amount equal to at least 4 percent of the employee’s compensation.’’. (c) AUTOMATIC CONTRIBUTION ARRANGE MENTS .—Section 401(k)(13) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) TIMING OF PLAN AMENDMENT FOR EM PLOYER MAKING NONELECTIVE CONTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in clause (ii), a plan may be amended after the beginning of a plan year to provide that the requirements of subparagraph (D)(i)(II) shall apply to the arrangement for the plan year, but only if the amendment is adopted— ‘‘(I) at any time before the 30th day before the close of the plan year, or ‘‘(II) at any time before the last day under paragraph (8)(A) for distributing excess contributions for the plan year. ‘‘(ii) EXCEPTION WHERE PLAN PROVIDED FOR  
MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .—Clause (i) shall not apply to any plan year if the plan provided at any time during the plan year that the requirements of subparagraph (D)(i)(I) or paragraph (12)(B) applied to the plan year. ‘‘(iii) 4PERCENT CONTRIBUTION REQUIRE MENT .—Clause (i)(II) shall not apply to an arrangement unless the amount of the contributions described in subparagraph (D)(i)(II) which the employer is required to make under the arrangement for the plan year with respect to any employee is an amount equal to at least 4 percent of the employee’s compensation.’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 203. CERTAIN TAXABLE NONTUITION FELLOWSHIP AND STIPEND PAYMENTS TREATED AS COMPENSATION FOR IRA PURPOSES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 219(f)(1) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The term ‘compensation’ shall include any amount included in gross income and paid to an individual to aid the individual in the pursuit of graduate or postdoctoral study.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 204. REPEAL OF MAXIMUM AGE FOR TRADITIONAL IRA CONTRIBUTIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 219(d) is amended by striking paragraph (1). (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 408A(c) is amended by striking paragraph (4) and by redesignating paragraphs (5), (6), and (7) as paragraphs (4), (5), and (6), respectively. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to contributions made for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. SEC. 205. QUALIFIED EMPLOYER PLANS PROHIBITED FROM MAKING LOANS THROUGH CREDIT CARDS AND OTHER SIMILAR ARRANGEMENTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 72(p)(2) is amended by redesignating subparagraph (D) as subparagraph (E) and by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) PROHIBITION OF LOANS THROUGH CREDIT  
CARDS AND OTHER SIMILAR ARRANGEMENTS .— Notwithstanding subparagraph (A), paragraph (1) shall apply to any loan which is made through the use of any credit card or any other similar arrangement.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to loans made after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 401(a) is amended by inserting after paragraph (37) the following new paragraph: ‘‘(38) PORTABILITY OF LIFETIME INCOME IN VESTMENTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Except as may be otherwise provided by regulations, a trust forming part of a defined contribution plan shall not be treated as failing to constitute a qualified trust under this section solely by reason of allowing— ‘‘(i) qualified distributions of a lifetime income investment, or ‘‘(ii) distributions of a lifetime income investment in the form of a qualified plan distribution annuity contract, on or after the date that is 90 days prior to the date on which such lifetime income investment is no longer authorized to be held as an investment option under the plan. ‘‘(B) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(i) the term ‘qualified distribution’ means a direct trusteetotrustee transfer described in paragraph (31)(A) to an eligible retirement plan (as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B)), ‘‘(ii) the term ‘lifetime income investment’ means an investment option which is designed to provide an employee with election rights— ‘‘(I) which are not uniformly available with respect to other investment options under the plan, and ‘‘(II) which are to a lifetime income feature available through a contract or other arrangement offered under the plan (or under another eligible retirement plan (as so defined), if paid by means of a direct trusteetotrustee transfer described in paragraph (31)(A) to such other eligible retirement plan), ‘‘(iii) the term ‘lifetime income feature’ means— ‘‘(I) a feature which guarantees a minimum level of income annually (or more frequently) for at least the remainder of the life of the employee or the joint lives of the employee and the employee’s designated beneficiary, or ‘‘(II) an annuity payable on behalf of the employee under which payments are made in substantially equal periodic payments (not less frequently than annually) over the life of the employee or the joint lives of the employee and the employee’s designated beneficiary, and ‘‘(iv) the term ‘qualified plan distribution annuity contract’ means an annuity contract purchased for a participant and distributed to the participant by a plan or contract described in subparagraph (B) of section 402(c)(8) (without regard to clauses (i) and (ii) thereof).’’. (b) CASH OR DEFERRED ARRANGEMENT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 401(k)(2)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subclause (IV), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subclause (V) and inserting ‘‘or’’, and by adding at the end the following new subclause: ‘‘(VI) except as may be otherwise provided by regulations, with respect to amounts invested in a lifetime income investment (as defined in subsection (a)(38)(B)(ii)), the date that is 90 days prior to the date that such lifetime income investment may no longer be held as an investment option under the arrangement, and’’. 
(2) D ISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENT .—Section 401(k)(2)(B), as amended by paragraph (1), is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (i), by striking the semicolon at the end of clause (ii) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(iii) except as may be otherwise provided by regulations, in the case of amounts described in clause (i)(VI), will be distributed only in the form of a qualified distribution (as defined in subsection (a)(38)(B)(i)) or a qualified plan distribution annuity contract (as defined in subsection (a)(38)(B)(iv)),’’. (c) SECTION 403(b) P LANS.— (1) ANNUITY CONTRACTS .—Section 403(b)(11) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting ‘‘, or’’, and by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) except as may be otherwise provided by regulations, with respect to amounts invested in a lifetime income investment (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(ii))— ‘‘(i) on or after the date that is 90 days prior to the date that such lifetime income investment may no longer be held as an investment option under the contract, and ‘‘(ii) in the form of a qualified distribution (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(i)) or a qualified plan distribution annuity contract (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(iv)).’’. (2) CUSTODIAL ACCOUNTS .—Section 403(b)(7)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘if—’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘if the amounts are to be invested in regulated investment company stock to be held in that custodial account, and under the custodial account— ‘‘(i) no such amounts may be paid or made available to any distributee (unless such amount is a distribution to which section 72(t)(2)(G) applies) before— ‘‘(I) the employee dies, ‘‘(II) the employee attains age 59
1⁄2, ‘‘(III) the employee has a severance from employment, ‘‘(IV) the employee becomes disabled (within the meaning of section 72(m)(7)), ‘‘(V) in the case of contributions made pursuant to a salary reduction agreement (within the meaning of section 3121(a)(5)(D)), the employee encounters financial hardship, or ‘‘(VI) except as may be otherwise provided by regulations, with respect to amounts invested in a lifetime income investment (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(ii)), the date that is 90 days prior to the date that such lifetime income investment may no longer be held as an investment option under the contract, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of amounts described in clause (i)(VI), such amounts will be distributed only in the form of a qualified distribution (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(i)) or a qualified plan distribution annuity contract (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(iv)).’’. (d) ELIGIBLE DEFERRED COMPENSATION  PLANS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 457(d)(1)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (ii), by inserting ‘‘or’’ at the end of clause (iii), and by adding after clause (iii) the following: ‘‘(iv) except as may be otherwise provided by regulations, in the case of a plan maintained by an employer described in subsection (e)(1)(A), with respect to amounts invested in a lifetime income investment (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(ii)), the date that is 90 days prior to the date that such lifetime income investment may no longer be held as an investment option under the plan,’’. (2) DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENT .—Section 457(d)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (B), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (C) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after subparagraph (C) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) except as may be otherwise provided by regulations, in the case of amounts described in subparagraph (A)(iv), such amounts will be distributed only in the form of a qualified distribution (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(i)) or a qualified plan distribution annuity contract (as defined in section 401(a)(38)(B)(iv)).’’. (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 207. TREATMENT OF CUSTODIAL ACCOUNTS ON TERMINATION OF SECTION 403(b) PLANS. 
Not later than six months after the date of enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall issue guidance to provide that, if an employer terminates the plan under which amounts are contributed to a custodial account under subparagraph (A) of section 403(b)(7), the plan administrator or custodian may distribute an individual custodial account in kind to a participant or beneficiary of the plan and the distributed custodial account shall be maintained by the custodian on a taxdeferred basis as a section 403(b)(7) custodial account, similar to the treatment of fullypaid individual annuity contracts under Revenue Ruling 2011–7, until amounts are actually paid to the participant or beneficiary. The guidance shall provide further (i) that the section 403(b)(7) status of the distributed custodial account is generally maintained if the custodial account thereafter adheres to the requirements of section 403(b) that are in effect at the time of the distribution of the account and (ii) that a custodial account would not be considered distributed to the participant or beneficiary if the employer has any material retained rights under the account (but the employer would not be treated as retaining material rights simply because the custodial account was originally opened under a group contract). 
SEC. 208. CLARIFICATION OF RETIREMENT INCOME ACCOUNT RULES RELATING TO CHURCHCONTROLLED ORGANIZATIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 403(b)(9)(B) is amended by inserting ‘‘(including an employee described in section 414(e)(3)(B))’’ after ‘‘employee described in paragraph (1)’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to years beginning before, on, or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 209. INCREASE IN 10 PERCENT CAP FOR AUTOMATIC ENROLLMENT SAFE HARBOR AFTER 1ST PLAN YEAR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 401(k)(13)(C)(iii) is amended by striking ‘‘does not exceed 10 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘does not exceed 15 percent (10 percent during the period described in subclause (I))’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 210. INCREASE IN CREDIT LIMITATION FOR SMALL EMPLOYER PENSION PLAN STARTUP COSTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 45E(b) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) for the first credit year and each of the 2 taxable years immediately following the first credit year, the greater of— ‘‘(A) $500, or ‘‘(B) the lesser of— ‘‘(i) $250 for each employee of the eligible employer who is not a highly compensated employee (as defined in section 414(q)) and who is eligible to participate in the eligible employer plan maintained by the eligible employer, or ‘‘(ii) $1,500, and’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 45E is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection:’’. ‘‘(f) CREDIT FOR AUTOENROLLMENT OPTION  
FORRETIREMENT SAVINGS OPTIONS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The credit allowed under subsection (a) for any taxable year during an eligible employer’s retirement autoenrollment credit period shall be increased (without regard to subsection (b)) by $500. ‘‘(2) RETIREMENT AUTO ENROLLMENT CREDIT  
PERIOD .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The retirement autoenrollment credit period with respect to any eligible employer is the 3taxableyear period beginning with the first taxable year for which the employer includes an eligible automatic contribution arrangement (as defined in section 414(w)(3)) in a qualified employer plan (as defined in section 4972(d)) sponsored by the employer. ‘‘(B) MAINTENANCE OF ARRANGEMENT .—No taxable year with respect to an employer shall be treated as occurring within the retirement autoenrollment credit period unless the arrangement described in subparagraph (A) is included in the plan for such year. ‘‘(3) NOT LIMITED TO NEW PLANS .—This sub section shall be applied without regard to subsection (c)(2).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 212. EXEMPTION FROM REQUIRED MINIMUM DISTRIBUTION RULES FOR INDIVIDUALS WITH CERTAIN ACCOUNT BALANCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 401(a)(9) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(H) EXCEPTION FROM REQUIRED MINIMUM  
ASSETS DO NOT EXCEED $50 ,000.— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—If on the last day of any calendar year the aggregate value of an employee’s entire interest under all applicable eligible retirement plans does not exceed $50,000, then the requirements of subparagraph (A) with respect to any distribution relating to such year shall not apply with respect to such employee. ‘‘(ii) APPLICABLE ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT  
PLAN.—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘applicable eligible retirement plan’ means an eligible retirement plan (as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B)) other than a defined benefit plan. ‘‘(iii) LIMIT ON REQUIRED MINIMUM DISTRIBU TION.—The required minimum distribution determined under subparagraph (A) for an employee under all applicable eligible retirement plans shall not exceed an amount equal to the excess of— ‘‘(I) the aggregate value of an employee’s entire interest under such plans on the last day of the calendar year to which such distribution relates, over ‘‘(II) the dollar amount in effect under clause (i) for such calendar year. The Secretary in regulations or other guidance may provide how such amount shall be distributed in the case of an individual with more than one applicable eligible retirement plan. ‘‘(iv) INFLATION ADJUSTMENT .—In the case of any calendar year beginning after 2019, the $50,000 amount in clause (i) shall be increased by an amount equal to— ‘‘(I) such dollar amount, multiplied by ‘‘(II) the cost of living adjustment determined under section 1(f)(3) for the calendar year, determined by substituting ‘calendar year 2018’ for ‘calendar year 2016’ in subparagraph (A)(ii) thereof. Any increase determined under this clause shall be rounded to the next lowest multiple of $5,000. ‘‘(v) PLAN ADMINISTRATOR RELIANCE ON EM PLOYEE CERTIFICATION .—An applicable eligible retirement plan described in clause (iii), (iv), (v), or (vi) of section 402(c)(8)(B) shall not be treated as failing to meet the requirements of this paragraph in the case of any failure to make a required minimum distribution for a calendar year if— ‘‘(I) the aggregate value of an employee’s entire interest under all applicable eligible retirement plans of the employer on the last day of 
the calendar year to which such distribution relates does not exceed the dollar amount in effect for such year under clause (i), and ‘‘(II) the employee certifies that the aggregate value of the employee’s entire interest under all applicable eligible retirement plans on the last day of the calendar year to which such distribution relates did not exceed the dollar amount in effect for such year under clause (i). ‘‘(vi) AGGREGATION RULE .—All employers treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414 shall be treated as a single employer for purposes of clause (v).’’. (b) PLAN ADMINISTRATOR REPORTING .—Sec tion 6047 is amended by redesignating subsection (h) as subsection (i) and by inserting after subsection (g) the following new subsection: ‘‘(h) ACCOUNT BALANCE FOR PARTICIPANTS  WHOHAVEATTAINED AGE69.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Not later than January 31 of each year, the plan administrator (as defined in section 414(g)) of each applicable eligible retirement plan (as defined in section 401(a)(9)(H)) shall make a return to the Secretary with respect to each participant of such plan who has attained age 69 as of the end of the preceding calendar year which states— ‘‘(A) the name and plan number of the plan, ‘‘(B) the name and address of the plan administrator, ‘‘(C) the name, address, and taxpayer identification number of the participant, and ‘‘(D) the account balance of such participant as of the end of the preceding calendar year. ‘‘(2) STATEMENT FURNISHED TO PARTICIPANT .— Every person required to make a return under paragraph (1) with respect to a participant shall furnish a copy of such return to such participant. ‘‘(3) APPLICATION TO INDIVIDUAL RETIREMENT  
PLANS AND ANNUITIES .—In the case of an applicable eligible retirement plan described in clause (i) or (ii) of section 402(c)(8)(B)— ‘‘(A) any reference in this subsection to the plan administrator shall be treated as a reference to the trustee or issuer, as the case may be, and ‘‘(B) any reference in this subsection to the participant shall be treated as a reference to the individual for whom such account or annuity is maintained.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distributions required to be made in calendar years beginning more than 120 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 213. ELECTIVE DEFERRALS BY MEMBERS OF THE READY RESERVE OF A RESERVE COMPONENT OF THE ARMED FORCES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 402(g) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) ELECTIVE DEFERRALS BY MEMBERS OF  
READY RESERVE .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a qualified ready reservist for any taxable year, the limitations of subparagraphs (A) and (C) of paragraph (1) shall be applied separately with respect to— ‘‘(i) elective deferrals of such qualified ready reservist with respect to compensation described in subparagraph (B), and ‘‘(ii) all other elective deferrals of such qualified ready reservist. ‘‘(B) QUALIFIED READY RESERVIST .—For pur poses of this paragraph, the term ‘qualified ready reservist’ means any individual for any taxable year if such individual received compensation for service as a member of the Ready Reserve of a reserve component (as defined in section 101 of title 37, United States Code) during such taxable year.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2018. Subtitle B—Administrative Improvements 
SEC. 221. PLAN ADOPTED BY FILING DUE DATE FOR YEAR MAY BE TREATED AS IN EFFECT AS OF CLOSE OF YEAR. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 401(b) is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘RETROACTIVE CHANGES IN  PLAN.—A stock bonus’’ and inserting ‘‘P LAN AMENDMENTS .— ‘‘(1) CERTAIN RETROACTIVE CHANGES IN  
PLAN.—A stock bonus’’, and (2) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(2) ADOPTION OF PLAN .—If an employer adopts a stock bonus, pension, profitsharing, or annuity plan after the close of a taxable year but before the time prescribed by law for filing the employer’s return of tax for the taxable year (including extensions thereof), the employer may elect to treat the plan as having been adopted as of the last day of the taxable year.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to plans adopted for taxable years beginning after December 31, 2018. 
SEC. 222. MODIFICATION OF NONDISCRIMINATION RULES TO PROTECT OLDER, LONGER SERVICE PARTICIPANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 401 is amended— (1) by redesignating subsection (o) as subsection (p), and (2) by inserting after subsection (n) the following new subsection: ‘‘(o) SPECIAL RULES FOR APPLYING NONDISCRIMINATION RULES TO PROTECT OLDER, LONGER SERVICE AND GRANDFATHERED PARTICI PANTS .— ‘‘(1) TESTING OF DEFINED BENEFIT PLANS WITH  
CLOSED CLASSES OF PARTICIPANTS .— ‘‘(A) BENEFITS , RIGHTS , OR FEATURES PRO VIDED TO CLOSED CLASSES .—A defined benefit plan which provides benefits, rights, or features to a closed class of participants shall not fail to satisfy the requirements of subsection (a)(4) by reason of the composition of such closed class or the benefits, rights, or features provided to such closed class, if— ‘‘(i) for the plan year as of which the class closes and the 2 succeeding plan years, such benefits, rights, and features satisfy the requirements of subsection (a)(4) (without regard to this subparagraph but taking into account the rules of subparagraph (I)), ‘‘(ii) after the date as of which the class was closed, any plan amendment which modifies the closed class or the benefits, rights, and features provided to such closed class does not discriminate significantly in favor of highly compensated employees, and ‘‘(iii) the class was closed before April 5, 2017, or the plan is described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(B) AGGREGATE TESTING WITH DEFINED CON TRIBUTION PLANS PERMITTED ON A BENEFITS  
BASIS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of determining compliance with subsection (a)(4) and section 410(b), a defined benefit plan described in clause (iii) may be aggregated and tested on a benefits basis with 1 or more defined contribution plans, including with the portion of 1 or more defined contribution plans which— ‘‘(I) provides matching contributions (as defined in subsection (m)(4)(A)), ‘‘(II) provides annuity contracts described in section 403(b) which are purchased with matching contributions or nonelective contributions, or ‘‘(III) consists of an employee stock ownership plan (within the meaning of section 4975(e)(7)) or a tax credit employee stock ownership plan (within the meaning of section 409(a)). ‘‘(ii) SPECIAL RULES FOR MATCHING CONTRIBU TIONS .—For purposes of clause (i), if a defined benefit plan is aggregated with a portion of a defined contribution plan providing matching contributions— ‘‘(I) such defined benefit plan must also be aggregated with any portion of such defined contribution plan which provides elective deferrals described in subparagraph (A) or (C) of section 402(g)(3), and ‘‘(II) such matching contributions shall be treated in the same manner as nonelective contributions, including for purposes of applying the rules of subsection (l). ‘‘(iii) PLANS DESCRIBED .—A defined benefit plan is described in this clause if— ‘‘(I) the plan provides benefits to a closed class of participants, ‘‘(II) for the plan year as of which the class closes and the 2 succeeding plan years, the plan satisfies the requirements of section 410(b) and subsection (a)(4) (without regard to this subparagraph but taking into account the rules of subparagraph (I)), ‘‘(III) after the date as of which the class was closed, any plan amendment which modifies the closed class or the benefits provided to such closed class does not discriminate significantly in favor of highly compensated employees, and ‘‘(IV) the class was closed before April 5, 2017, or the plan is described in subparagraph (C). ‘‘(C) PLANS DESCRIBED .—A plan is described in this subparagraph if, taking into account any predecessor plan— ‘‘(i) such plan has been in effect for at least 5 years as of the date the class is closed, and ‘‘(ii) during the 5year period preceding the date the class is closed, there has not been a substantial increase in the coverage or value of the benefits, rights, or features described in subparagraph (A) or in the coverage or benefits under the plan described in subparagraph (B)(iii) (whichever is applicable). ‘‘(D) DETERMINATION OF SUBSTANTIAL IN CREASE FOR BENEFITS , RIGHTS , AND FEATURES .— In applying subparagraph (C)(ii) for purposes of subparagraph (A)(iii), a plan shall be treated as having had a substantial increase in coverage or value of the benefits, rights, or features described in subparagraph (A) during the applicable 5year period only if, during such period— ‘‘(i) the number of participants covered by such benefits, rights, or features on the date such period ends is more than 50 percent greater than the number of such participants on the first day of the plan year in which such period began, or ‘‘(ii) such benefits, rights, and features have been modified by 1 or more plan amendments in such a way that, as of the date the class is closed, the value of such benefits, rights, and features to the closed class as a whole is substantially greater than the value as of the first day of such 5year period, solely as a result of such amendments. ‘‘(E) DETERMINATION OF SUBSTANTIAL IN CREASE FOR AGGREGATE TESTING ON BENEFITS  
BASIS .—In applying subparagraph (C)(ii) for purposes of subparagraph (B)(iii)(IV), a plan shall be treated as having had a substantial increase in coverage or benefits during the applicable 5year period only if, during such period— ‘‘(i) the number of participants benefitting under the plan on the date such period ends is more than 50 percent greater than the number of such participants on the first day of the plan year in which such period began, or ‘‘(ii) the average benefit provided to such participants on the date such period ends is more than 50 percent greater than the average benefit provided on the first day of the plan year in which such period began. ‘‘(F) CERTAIN EMPLOYEES DISREGARDED .—For purposes of subparagraphs (D) and (E), any increase in coverage or value or in coverage or benefits, whichever is applicable, which is attributable to such coverage and value or coverage and benefits provided to employees— ‘‘(i) who became participants as a result of a merger, acquisition, or similar event which occurred during the 7year period preceding the date the class is closed, or ‘‘(ii) who became participants by reason of a merger of the plan with another plan which had been in effect for at least 5 years as of the date of the merger, shall be disregarded, except that clause (ii) shall apply for purposes of subparagraph (D) only if, under the merger, the benefits, rights, or features under 1 plan are conformed to the benefits, rights, or features of the other plan prospectively. 
‘‘(G) R ULES RELATING TO AVERAGE BENEFIT .— For purposes of subparagraph (E)— ‘‘(i) the average benefit provided to participants under the plan will be treated as having remained the same between the 2 dates described in subparagraph (E)(ii) if the benefit formula applicable to such participants has not changed between such dates, and ‘‘(ii) if the benefit formula applicable to 1 or more participants under the plan has changed between such 2 dates, then the average benefit under the plan shall be considered to have increased by more than 50 percent only if— ‘‘(I) the total amount determined under section 430(b)(1)(A)(i) for all participants benefitting under the plan for the plan year in which the 5year period described in subparagraph (E) ends, exceeds ‘‘(II) the total amount determined under section 430(b)(1)(A)(i) for all such participants for such plan year, by using the benefit formula in effect for each such participant for the first plan year in such 5year period, by more than 50 percent. In the case of a CSEC plan (as defined in section 414(y)), the normal cost of the plan (as determined under section 433(j)(1)(B)) shall be used in lieu of the amount determined under section 430(b)(1)(A)(i). ‘‘(H) TREATMENT AS SINGLE PLAN .—For pur poses of subparagraphs (E) and (G), a plan described in section 413(c) shall be treated as a single plan rather than as separate plans maintained by each employer in the plan. ‘‘(I) SPECIAL RULES .—For purposes of subparagraphs (A)(i) and (B)(iii)(II), the following rules shall apply: ‘‘(i) In applying section 410(b)(6)(C), the closing of the class of participants shall not be treated as a significant change in coverage under section 410(b)(6)(C)(i)(II). ‘‘(ii) 2 or more plans shall not fail to be eligible to be aggregated and treated as a single plan solely by reason of having different plan years. ‘‘(iii) Changes in the employee population shall be disregarded to the extent attributable to individuals who become employees or cease to be employees, after the date the class is closed, by reason of a merger, acquisition, divestiture, or similar event. ‘‘(iv) Aggregation and all other testing methodologies otherwise applicable under subsection (a)(4) and section 410(b) may be taken into account. The rule of clause (ii) shall also apply for purposes of determining whether plans to which subparagraph (B)(i) applies may be aggregated and treated as 1 plan for purposes of determining whether such plans meet the requirements of subsection (a)(4) and section 410(b). ‘‘(J) SPUNOFF PLANS .—For purposes of this paragraph, if a portion of a defined benefit plan described in subparagraph (A) or (B)(iii) is spun off to another employer and the spunoff plan continues to satisfy the requirements of— ‘‘(i) subparagraph (A)(i) or (B)(iii)(II), whichever is applicable, if the original plan was still within the 3year period described in such subparagraph at the time of the spin off, and ‘‘(ii) subparagraph (A)(ii) or (B)(iii)(III), whichever is applicable, the treatment under subparagraph (A) or (B) of the spunoff plan shall continue with respect to such other employer. ‘‘(2) TESTING OF DEFINED CONTRIBUTION  
PLANS .— ‘‘(A) TESTING ON A BENEFITS BASIS .—A defined contribution plan shall be permitted to be tested on a benefits basis if— ‘‘(i) such defined contribution plan provides makewhole contributions to a closed class of participants whose accruals under a defined benefit plan have been reduced or eliminated, ‘‘(ii) for the plan year of the defined contribution plan as of which the class eligible to receive such makewhole contributions closes and the 2 succeeding plan years, such closed class of participants satisfies the requirements of section 410(b)(2)(A)(i) (determined by applying the rules of paragraph (1)(I)), ‘‘(iii) after the date as of which the class was closed, any plan amendment to the defined contribution plan which modifies the closed class or the allocations, benefits, rights, and features provided to such closed class does not discriminate significantly in favor of highly compensated employees, and ‘‘(iv) the class was closed before April 5, 2017, or the defined benefit plan under clause (i) is described in paragraph (1)(C) (as applied for purposes of paragraph (1)(B)(iii)(IV)). ‘‘(B) AGGREGATION WITH PLANS INCLUDING  
MATCHING CONTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—With respect to 1 or more defined contribution plans described in subparagraph (A), for purposes of determining compliance with subsection (a)(4) and section 410(b), the portion of such plans which provides make whole contributions or other nonelective contributions may be aggregated and tested on a benefits basis with the portion of 1 or more other defined contribution plans which— ‘‘(I) provides matching contributions (as defined in subsection (m)(4)(A)), ‘‘(II) provides annuity contracts described in section 403(b) which are purchased with matching contributions or nonelective contributions, or ‘‘(III) consists of an employee stock ownership plan (within the meaning of section 4975(e)(7)) or a tax credit employee stock ownership plan (within the meaning of section 409(a)). ‘‘(ii) SPECIAL RULES FOR MATCHING CONTRIBU TIONS .—Rules similar to the rules of paragraph (1)(B)(ii) shall apply for purposes of clause (i). ‘‘(C) SPECIAL RULES FOR TESTING DEFINED  
LONGER SERVICE PARTICIPANTS .—In the case of a defined contribution plan which provides benefits, rights, or features to a closed class of participants whose accruals under a defined benefit plan have been reduced or eliminated, the plan shall not fail to satisfy the requirements of subsection (a)(4) solely by reason of the composition of the closed class or the benefits, rights, or features provided to such closed class if the defined contribution plan and defined benefit plan otherwise meet the requirements of subparagraph (A) but for the fact that the makewhole contributions under the defined contribution plan are made in whole or in part through matching contributions. ‘‘(D) SPUNOFF PLANS .—For purposes of this paragraph, if a portion of a defined contribution plan described in subparagraph (A) or (C) is spun off to another employer, the treatment under subparagraph (A) or (C) of the spunoff plan shall continue with respect to the other employer if such plan continues to comply with the requirements of clauses (ii) (if the original plan was still within the 3year period described in such clause at the time of the spin off) and (iii) of subparagraph (A), as determined for purposes of subparagraph (A) or (C), whichever is applicable. ‘‘(3) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) MAKEWHOLE CONTRIBUTIONS .—Except as otherwise provided in paragraph (2)(C), the term ‘makewhole contributions’ means nonelective allocations for each employee in the class which are reasonably calculated, in a consistent manner, to replace some or all of the retirement benefits which the employee would have received under the defined benefit plan and any other plan or qualified cash or deferred arrangement under subsection (k)(2) if no change had been made to such defined benefit plan and such other plan or arrangement. For purposes of the preceding sentence, consistency shall not be required with respect to employees who were subject to different benefit formulas under the defined benefit plan. ‘‘(B) REFERENCES TO CLOSED CLASS OF PAR TICIPANTS .—References to a closed class of participants and similar references to a closed class shall include arrangements under which 1 or more classes of participants are closed, except that 1 or more classes of participants closed on different dates shall not be aggregated for purposes of determining the date any such class was closed. ‘‘(C) HIGHLY COMPENSATED EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘highly compensated employee’ has the meaning given such term in section 414(q).’’. (b) PARTICIPATION REQUIREMENTS .—Section 401(a)(26) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(I) PROTECTED PARTICIPANTS .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—A plan shall be deemed to satisfy the requirements of subparagraph (A) if— ‘‘(I) the plan is amended— ‘‘(aa) to cease all benefit accruals, or ‘‘(bb) to provide future benefit accruals only to a closed class of participants, ‘‘(II) the plan satisfies subparagraph (A) (without regard to this subparagraph) as of the effective date of the amendment, and ‘‘(III) the amendment was adopted before April 5, 2017, or the plan is described in clause (ii). ‘‘(ii) PLANS DESCRIBED .—A plan is described in this clause if the plan would be described in subsection (o)(1)(C), as applied for purposes of subsection (o)(1)(B)(iii)(IV) and by treating the effective date of the amendment as the date the class was closed for purposes of subsection (o)(1)(C). ‘‘(iii) SPECIAL RULES .—For purposes of clause (i)(II), in applying section 410(b)(6)(C), the amendments described in clause (i) shall not be treated as a significant change in coverage under section 410(b)(6)(C)(i)(II). ‘‘(iv) SPUNOFF PLANS .—For purposes of this subparagraph, if a portion of a plan described in clause (i) is spun off to another employer, the treatment under clause (i) of the spunoff plan shall continue with respect to the other employer.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, without regard to whether any plan modifications referred to in such amendments are adopted or effective before, on, or after such date of enactment. (2) SPECIAL RULES .— (A) ELECTION OF EARLIER APPLICATION .—At the election of the plan sponsor, the amendments made by this section shall apply to plan years beginning after December 31, 2013. (B) CLOSED CLASSES OF PARTICIPANTS .—For purposes of paragraphs (1)(A)(iii), (1)(B)(iii)(IV), and (2)(A)(iv) of section 401(o) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this section), a closed class of participants shall be treated as being closed before April 5, 2017, if the plan sponsor’s intention to create such closed class is reflected in formal written documents and communicated to participants before such date. (C) CERTAIN POST ENACTMENT PLAN AMEND MENTS .—A plan shall not be treated as failing to be eligible for the application of section 401(o)(1)(A), 401(o)(1)(B)(iii), or 401(a)(26) of such Code (as added by this section) to such plan solely because in the case of— (i) such section 401(o)(1)(A), the plan was amended before the date of the enactment of this Act to eliminate 1 or more benefits, rights, or features, and is further amended after such date of enactment to provide such previously eliminated benefits, rights, or features to a closed class of participants, or (ii) such section 401(o)(1)(B)(iii) or section 401(a)(26), the plan was amended before the date of the enactment of this Act to cease all benefit accruals, and is further amended after such date of enactment to provide benefit accruals to a closed class of participants. Any such section shall only apply if the plan otherwise 
meets the requirements of such section and in applying such section, the date the class of participants is closed shall be the effective date of the later amendment. 
SEC. 223. FIDUCIARY SAFE HARBOR FOR SELECTION OF LIFETIME INCOME PROVIDER. 
Section 404 of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1104) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(e) SAFEHARBOR FOR ANNUITY SELECTION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—With respect to the selection of an insurer for a guaranteed retirement income contract, the requirements of subsection (a)(1)(B) will be deemed to be satisfied if a fiduciary— ‘‘(A) engages in an objective, thorough, and analytical search for the purpose of identifying insurers from which to purchase such contracts; ‘‘(B) with respect to each insurer identified under subparagraph (A)— ‘‘(i) considers the financial capability of such insurer to satisfy its obligations under the guaranteed retirement income contract; and ‘‘(ii) considers the cost (including fees and commissions) of the guaranteed retirement income contract offered by the insurer in relation to the benefits and product features of the contract and administrative services to be provided under such contract; and ‘‘(C) on the basis of such consideration, concludes that— ‘‘(i) at the time of the selection, the insurer is financially capable of satisfying its obligations under the guaranteed retirement income contract; and ‘‘(ii) the relative cost of the selected guaranteed retirement income contract as described in subparagraph (B)(ii) is reasonable. ‘‘(2) FINANCIAL CAPABILITY OF THE INSURER .— A fiduciary will be deemed to satisfy the requirements of paragraphs (1)(B)(i) and (1)(C)(i) if— ‘‘(A) the fiduciary obtains written representations from the insurer that— ‘‘(i) the insurer is licensed to offer guaranteed retirement income contracts; ‘‘(ii) the insurer, at the time of selection and for each of the immediately preceding 7 plan years— ‘‘(I) operates under a certificate of authority from the insurance commissioner of its domiciliary State which has not been revoked or suspended; ‘‘(II) has filed audited financial statements in accordance with the laws of its domiciliary State under applicable statutory accounting principles; ‘‘(III) maintains (and has maintained) reserves which satisfies all the statutory requirements of all States where the insurer does business; and ‘‘(IV) is not operating under an order of supervision, rehabilitation, or liquidation; ‘‘(iii) the insurer undergoes, at least every 5 years, a financial examination (within the meaning of the law of its domiciliary State) by the insurance commissioner of the domiciliary State (or representative, designee, or other party approved by such commissioner); and ‘‘(iv) the insurer will notify the fiduciary of any change in circumstances occurring after the provision of the representations in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) which would preclude the insurer from making such representations at the time of issuance of the guaranteed retirement income contract; and ‘‘(B) after receiving such representations and as of the time of selection, the fiduciary has not received any notice described in subparagraph (A)(iv) and is in possession of no other information which would cause the fiduciary to question the representations provided. ‘‘(3) NO REQUIREMENT TO SELECT LOWEST  
COST.—Nothing in this subsection shall be construed to require a fiduciary to select the lowest cost contract. A fiduciary may consider the value of a contract, including features and benefits of the contract and attributes of the insurer (including, without limitation, the insurer’s financial strength) in conjunction with the cost of the contract. ‘‘(4) TIME OF SELECTION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of this subsection, the time of selection is— ‘‘(i) the time that the insurer and the contract are selected for distribution of benefits to a specific participant or beneficiary; or ‘‘(ii) if the fiduciary periodically reviews the continuing appropriateness of the conclusion described in paragraph (1)(C) with respect to a selected insurer, taking into account the considerations described in such paragraph, the time that the insurer and the contract are selected to provide benefits at future dates to participants or beneficiaries under the plan. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall be construed to require the fiduciary to review the appropriateness of a selection after the purchase of a contract for a participant or beneficiary. ‘‘(B) PERIODIC REVIEW .—A fiduciary will be deemed to have conducted the periodic review described in subparagraph (A)(ii) if the fiduciary obtains the written representations described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) of paragraph (2)(A) from the insurer on an annual basis, unless the fiduciary receives any notice described in paragraph (2)(A)(iv) or otherwise becomes aware of facts that would cause the fiduciary to question such representations. ‘‘(5) LIMITED LIABILITY .—A fiduciary which satisfies the requirements of this subsection shall not be liable following the distribution of any benefit, or the investment by or on behalf of a participant or beneficiary pursuant to the selected guaranteed retirement income contract, for any losses that may result to the participant or beneficiary due to an insurer’s inability to satisfy its financial obligations under the terms of such contract. ‘‘(6) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection— ‘‘(A) INSURER .—The term ‘insurer’ means an insurance company, insurance service, or insurance organization, including affiliates of such companies. ‘‘(B) GUARANTEED RETIREMENT INCOME CON TRACT .—The term ‘guaranteed retirement income contract’ means an annuity contract for a fixed term or a contract (or provision or feature thereof) which provides guaranteed benefits annually (or more frequently) for at least the remainder of the life of the participant or the joint lives of the participant and the participant’s designated beneficiary as part of an individual account plan.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subparagraph (B) of section 105(a)(2) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1025(a)(2)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end; (2) in clause (ii), by striking ‘‘diversification.’’ and inserting ‘‘diversification, and’’; and (3) by inserting at the end the following: ‘‘(iii) the lifetime income disclosure described in subparagraph (D)(i). In the case of pension benefit statements described in clause (i) of paragraph (1)(A), a lifetime income disclosure under clause (iii) of this subparagraph shall be required to be included in only one pension benefit statement during any one 12month period.’’. (b) LIFETIME INCOME .—Paragraph (2) of section 105(a) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1025(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) LIFETIME INCOME DISCLOSURE .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .— ‘‘(I) DISCLOSURE .—A lifetime income disclosure shall set forth the lifetime income stream equivalent of the total benefits accrued with respect to the participant or beneficiary. ‘‘(II) LIFETIME INCOME STREAM EQUIVALENT  
OF THE TOTAL BENEFITS ACCRUED .—For purposes of this subparagraph, the term ‘lifetime income stream equivalent of the total benefits accrued’ means the amount of monthly payments the participant or beneficiary would receive if the total accrued benefits of such participant or beneficiary were used to provide lifetime income streams described in subclause (III), based on assumptions specified in rules prescribed by the Secretary. ‘‘(III) LIFETIME INCOME STREAMS .—The life time income streams described in this subclause are a qualified joint and survivor annuity (as defined in section 205(d)), based on assumptions specified in rules prescribed by the Secretary, including the assumption that the participant or beneficiary has a spouse of equal age, and a single life annuity. Such lifetime income streams may have a term certain or other features to the extent permitted under rules prescribed by the Secretary. ‘‘(ii) MODEL DISCLOSURE .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Retirement, Savings, and Other Tax Relief Act of 2018, the Secretary shall issue a model lifetime income disclosure, written in a manner so as to be understood by the average plan participant, which— ‘‘(I) explains that the lifetime income stream equivalent is only provided as an illustration; ‘‘(II) explains that the actual payments under the lifetime income stream described in clause (i)(III) which may be purchased with the total benefits accrued will depend on numerous factors and may vary substantially from the lifetime income stream equivalent in the disclosures; ‘‘(III) explains the assumptions upon which the lifetime income stream equivalent was determined; and ‘‘(IV) provides such other similar explanations as the Secretary considers appropriate. ‘‘(iii) ASSUMPTIONS AND RULES .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of the Retirement, Savings, and Other Tax Relief Act of 2018, the Secretary shall— ‘‘(I) prescribe assumptions which administrators of individual account plans may use in converting total accrued benefits into lifetime income stream equivalents for purposes of this subparagraph; and ‘‘(II) issue interim final rules under clause (i). In prescribing assumptions under subclause (I), the Secretary may prescribe a single set of specific assumptions (in which case the Secretary may issue tables or factors which facilitate such conversions), or ranges of permissible assumptions. To the extent that an accrued benefit is or may be invested in a lifetime income stream described in clause (i)(III), the assumptions prescribed under subclause (I) shall, to the extent appropriate, permit administrators of individual account plans to use the amounts payable under such lifetime income stream as a lifetime income stream equivalent. ‘‘(iv) LIMITATION ON LIABILITY .—No plan fiduciary, plan sponsor, or other person shall have any liability under this title solely by reason of the provision of lifetime income stream equivalents which are derived in accordance with the assumptions and rules described in clause (iii) and which include the explanations contained in the model lifetime income disclosure described in clause (ii). This clause shall apply without regard to whether the provision of such lifetime income stream equivalent is required by subparagraph (B)(iii). ‘‘(v) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The requirement in subparagraph (B)(iii) shall apply to pension benefit statements furnished more than 12 months after the latest of the issuance by the Secretary of— ‘‘(I) interim final rules under clause (i); ‘‘(II) the model disclosure under clause (ii); or ‘‘(III) the assumptions under clause (iii).’’. 
SEC. 225. MODIFICATION OF PBGC PREMIUMS FOR CSEC PLANS. 
(a) F LATRATEPREMIUM .—Subparagraph (A) of section 4006(a)(3) of the Employee Retirement 
Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1306(a)(3)) is amended— (1) in clause (i), by striking ‘‘plan,’’ and inserting ‘‘plan other than a CSEC plan (as defined in section 210(f)(1))’’; (2) in clause (v), by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end; (3) in clause (vi), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘, or’’; and (4) by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(vii) in the case of a CSEC plan (as defined in section 210(f)(1)), for plan years beginning after December 31, 2018, for each individual who is a participant in such plan during the plan year an amount equal to the sum of— ‘‘(I) the additional premium (if any) determined under subparagraph (E), and ‘‘(II) $19.’’. (b) VARIABLE RATEPREMIUM .— (1) UNFUNDED VESTED BENEFITS .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Subparagraph (E) of section 4006(a)(3) of the Employee Retirement Income Security Act of 1974 (29 U.S.C. 1306(a)(3)) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(v) For purposes of clause (ii), in the case of a CSEC plan (as defined in section 210(f)(1)), the term ‘unfunded vested benefits’ means, for plan years beginning after December 31, 2018, the excess (if any) of— ‘‘(I) the funding liability of the plan as determined under section 306(j)(5)(C) for the plan year by only taking into account vested benefits, over ‘‘(II) the fair market value of plan assets for the plan year which are held by the plan on the valuation date.’’. (B) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Clause (iii) of section 4006(a)(3)(E) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 1306(a)(3)(E)) is amended by striking ‘‘For purposes’’ and inserting ‘‘Except as provided in clause (v), for purposes’’. (2) APPLICABLE DOLLAR AMOUNT .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Paragraph (8) of section 4006(a) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 1306(a)) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) CSEC 
PLANS .—In the case of a CSEC plan (as defined in section 210(f)(1)), the applicable dollar amount shall be $9.’’. (B) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Subparagraph (A) of section 4006(a)(8) of such Act (29 U.S.C. 1306(a)(8)) is amended by striking ‘‘(B) and (C)’’ and inserting ‘‘(B), (C), and (E)’’. Subtitle C—Other Savings Provisions 
(a) D ISTRIBUTIONS FOR CERTAIN EXPENSES ASSOCIATED WITH REGISTERED APPRENTICESHIP  PROGRAMS .—Section 529(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(8) TREATMENT OF CERTAIN EXPENSES ASSOCI ATED WITH REGISTERED APPRENTICESHIP PRO GRAMS .—Any reference in this subsection to the term ‘qualified higher education expense’ shall include a reference to expenses for fees, books, supplies, and equipment required for the participation of a designated beneficiary in an apprenticeship program registered and certified with the Secretary of Labor under section 1 of the National Apprenticeship Act (29 U.S.C. 50).’’. (b) DISTRIBUTIONS FOR CERTAIN  HOMESCHOOLING EXPENSES .—Section 529(c)(7) of such Code is amended by striking ‘‘include a reference to’’ and all that follows and inserting ‘‘include a reference to— ‘‘(A) expenses for tuition in connection with enrollment or attendance of a designated beneficiary at an elementary or secondary public, private, or religious school, and ‘‘(B) expenses, with respect to a designated beneficiary, for— ‘‘(i) curriculum and curricular materials, ‘‘(ii) books or other instructional materials, ‘‘(iii) online educational materials, ‘‘(iv) tuition for tutoring or educational classes outside of the home (but only if the tutor or class instructor is not related (within the meaning of section 152(d)(2)) to the student), ‘‘(v) dual enrollment in an institution of higher education, and ‘‘(vi) educational therapies for students with disabilities, in connection with a homeschool (whether treated as a homeschool or a private school for purposes of applicable State law).’’. (c) DISTRIBUTIONS FOR QUALIFIED EDUCATION  LOANREPAYMENTS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 529(c) of such Code, as amended by subsection (a), is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) TREATMENT OF QUALIFIED EDUCATION  
LOAN REPAYMENTS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Any reference in this subsection to the term ‘qualified higher education expense’ shall include a reference to amounts paid as principal or interest on any qualified education loan (as defined in section 221(d)) of the designated beneficiary or a sibling of the designated beneficiary. ‘‘(B) LIMITATION .—The amount of distributions treated as a qualified higher education expense under this paragraph with respect to the loans of any individual shall not exceed $10,000 (reduced by the amount of distributions so treated for all prior taxable years). ‘‘(C) SPECIAL RULES FOR SIBLINGS OF THE DES IGNATED BENEFICIARY .— ‘‘(i) SEPARATE ACCOUNTING .—For purposes of subparagraph (B) and subsection (d), amounts treated as a qualified higher education expense with respect to the loans of a sibling of the designated beneficiary shall be taken into account with respect to such sibling and not with respect to such designated beneficiary. ‘‘(ii) SIBLING DEFINED .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘sibling’ means an individual who bears a relationship to the designated beneficiary which is described in section 152(d)(2)(B).’’. (2) COORDINATION WITH DEDUCTION FOR STU DENT LOAN INTEREST .—Section 221(e)(1) of such Code is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The deduction otherwise allowable under subsection (a) (prior to the application of subsection (b)) to the taxpayer for any taxable year shall be reduced (but not below zero) by so much of the distributions treated as a qualified higher education expense under section 529(c)(9) with respect to loans of the taxpayer as would be includible in gross income under section 529(c)(3)(A) for such taxable year but for such treatment.’’. (d) DISTRIBUTIONS FOR CERTAIN ELEMENTARY  
TOTUITION .—Section 529(c)(7)(A), as amended by subsection (b), is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(A) expenses described in section 530(b)(3)(A)(i) in connection with enrollment or attendance of a designated beneficiary at an elementary or secondary public, private, or religious school, and’’. (e) UNBORN CHILDREN ALLOWED AS ACCOUNT  BENEFICIARIES .—Section 529(e) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) TREATMENT OF UNBORN CHILDREN .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Nothing shall prevent an unborn child from being treated as a designated beneficiary or an individual under this section. ‘‘(B) UNBORN CHILD .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘unborn child’ means a child in utero. ‘‘(ii) CHILD IN UTERO .—The term ‘child in utero’ means a member of the species homo sapiens, at any stage of development, who is carried in the womb.’’. (f) EFFECTIVE DATES.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to distributions made after December 31, 2018. (2) UNBORN CHILDREN ALLOWED AS ACCOUNT  
BENEFICIARIES .—The amendment made by subsection (e) shall apply to contributions made after December 31, 2018. SEC. 232. PENALTYFREE WITHDRAWALS FROM RETIREMENT PLANS FOR INDIVIDUALS IN CASE OF BIRTH OF CHILD OR ADOPTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 72(t)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(H) DISTRIBUTIONS FROM RETIREMENT PLANS  
IN CASE OF BIRTH OF CHILD OR ADOPTION .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—Any qualified birth or adoption distribution. ‘‘(ii) LIMITATION .—The aggregate amount which may be treated as qualified birth or adoption distributions by any individual with respect to any birth or adoption shall not exceed $7,500. ‘‘(iii) QUALIFIED BIRTH OR ADOPTION DIS TRIBUTION .—For purposes of this subparagraph— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified birth or adoption distribution’ means any distribution from an applicable eligible retirement plan to an individual if made during the 1year period beginning on the date on which a child of the individual is born or on which the legal adoption by the individual of an eligible child is finalized. ‘‘(II) ELIGIBLE CHILD .—The term ‘eligible child’ means any individual (other than a child of the taxpayer’s spouse) who has not attained age 18 or is physically or mentally incapable of selfsupport. ‘‘(iv) TREATMENT OF PLAN DISTRIBUTIONS .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—If a distribution to an individual would (without regard to clause (ii)) be a qualified birth or adoption distribution, a plan shall not be treated as failing to meet any requirement of this title merely because the plan treats the distribution as a qualified birth or adoption distribution, unless the aggregate amount of such distributions from all plans maintained by the employer (and any member of any controlled group which includes the employer) to such individual exceeds $7,500. ‘‘(II) CONTROLLED GROUP .—For purposes of subclause (I), the term ‘controlled group’ means any group treated as a single employer under subsection (b), (c), (m), or (o) of section 414. ‘‘(v) AMOUNT DISTRIBUTED MAY BE REPAID .— ‘‘(I) IN GENERAL .—Any individual who receives a qualified birth or adoption distribution may make one or more contributions in an aggregate amount not to exceed the amount of such distribution to an applicable eligible retirement plan of which such individual is a beneficiary and to which a rollover contribution of such distribution could be made under section 402(c), 403(a)(4), 403(b)(8), 408(d)(3), or 457(e)(16), as the case may be. ‘‘(II) LIMITATION ON CONTRIBUTIONS TO APPLI CABLE ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT PLANS OTHER THAN  IRAS.—The aggregate amount of contributions made by an individual under subclause (I) to any applicable eligible retirement plan which is not an individual retirement plan shall not exceed the aggregate amount of qualified birth or adoption distributions which are made from such plan to such individual. Subclause (I) shall not apply to contributions to any applicable eligible retirement plan which is not an individual retirement plan unless the individual is eligible to make contributions (other than those described in subclause (I)) to such applicable eligible retirement plan. ‘‘(III) TREATMENT OF REPAYMENTS OF DIS TRIBUTIONS FROM APPLICABLE ELIGIBLE RETIRE MENT PLANS OTHER THAN IRAS.—If a contribution is made under subclause (I) with respect to a qualified birth or adoption distribution from an applicable eligible retirement plan other than an individual retirement plan, then the taxpayer shall, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, be treated as having received such distribution in an eligible rollover distribution (as defined in section 402(c)(4)) and as having transferred the amount to the applicable eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. ‘‘(IV) TREATMENT OF REPAYMENTS FOR DIS TRIBUTIONS FROM IRAS .—If a contribution is 
made under subclause (I) with respect to a qualified birth or adoption distribution from an individual retirement plan, then, to the extent of the amount of the contribution, such distribution shall be treated as a distribution described in section 408(d)(3) and as having been transferred to the applicable eligible retirement plan in a direct trustee to trustee transfer within 60 days of the distribution. ‘‘(vi) DEFINITION AND SPECIAL RULES .—For purposes of this subparagraph— ‘‘(I) APPLICABLE ELIGIBLE RETIREMENT  
PLAN.—The term ‘applicable eligible retirement plan’ means an eligible retirement plan (as defined in section 402(c)(8)(B)) other than a defined benefit plan. ‘‘(II) EXEMPTION OF DISTRIBUTIONS FROM  
TRUSTEE TO TRUSTEE TRANSFER AND WITH HOLDING RULES .—For purposes of sections 401(a)(31), 402(f), and 3405, a qualified birth or adoption distribution shall not be treated as an eligible rollover distribution. ‘‘(III) TAXPAYER MUST INCLUDE TIN .—A dis tribution shall not be treated as a qualified birth or adoption distribution with respect to any child or eligible child unless the taxpayer includes the name, age, and TIN of such child or eligible child on the taxpayer’s return of tax for the taxable year. ‘‘(IV) DISTRIBUTIONS TREATED AS MEETING  
PLAN DISTRIBUTION REQUIREMENTS .—Any qualified birth or adoption distribution shall be treated as meeting the requirements of sections 401(k)(2)(B)(i), 403(b)(7)(A)(ii), 403(b)(11), and 457(d)(1)(A).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to distributions made after December 31, 2018. TITLE III—REPEAL OR DELAY OF CERTAIN HEALTHRELATED TAXES 
SEC. 301. EXTENSION OF MORATORIUM ON MEDICAL DEVICE EXCISE TAX. 
Section 4191(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’. 
SEC. 302. DELAY IN IMPLEMENTATION OF EXCISE TAX ON HIGH COST EMPLOYER SPONSORED HEALTH COVERAGE. 
Section 9001(c) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2021’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2022’’. 
SEC. 303. EXTENSION OF SUSPENSION OF ANNUAL FEE ON HEALTH INSURANCE PROVIDERS. 
Section 9010(j)(3) of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2019’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2021’’. 
SEC. 304. REPEAL OF EXCISE TAX ON INDOOR TANNING SERVICES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subtitle D of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking chapter 49 and by striking the item relating to such chapter in the table of chapters of such subtitle. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to services performed in calendar quarters beginning more than 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. TITLE IV—CERTAIN EXPIRING PROVISIONS 
(a) C REDIT PERCENTAGE REDUCED .—Section 45G(a) is amended by striking ‘‘50 percent’’ and inserting ‘‘30 percent’’. (b) MADEPERMANENT .—Section 45G is amended by striking subsection (f). (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to expenditures paid or incurred during taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 402. BIODIESEL AND RENEWABLE DIESEL PROVISIONS EXTENDED AND PHASED OUT. 
(a) I NCOME TAXCREDIT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 40A(g) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(g) PHASE OUT; TERMINATION .— ‘‘(1) PHASE OUT .—In the case of any sale or use after December 31, 2021, subsections (b)(1)(A) and (b)(2)(A) shall be applied by substituting for ‘$1.00’— ‘‘(A) ‘$.75’, if such sale or use is before January 1, 2023, ‘‘(B) ‘$.50’, if such sale or use is after December 31, 2022, and before January 1, 2024, and ‘‘(C) ‘$.33’, if such sale or use is after December 31, 2023, and before January 1, 2025. ‘‘(2) TERMINATION .—This section shall not apply to any sale or use after December 31, 2024.’’. (2) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendment made by this subsection shall apply to fuel sold or used after December 31, 2017. (b) EXCISE TAXINCENTIVES .— (1) PHASE OUT .—Section 6426(c)(2) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(2) APPLICABLE AMOUNT .—For purposes of this subsection, the applicable amount is— ‘‘(A) $1.00 in the case of any sale or use for any period before January 1, 2022, ‘‘(B) $.75 in the case of any sale or use for any period after December 31, 2021, and before January 1, 2023, ‘‘(C) $.50 in the case of any sale or use for any period after December 31, 2022, and before January 1, 2024, and ‘‘(D) $.33 in the case of any sale or use for any period after December 31, 2023, and before January 1, 2025.’’. (2) TERMINATION .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Section 6426(c)(6) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’. (B) PAYMENTS .—Section 6427(e)(6)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘December 31, 2017’’ and inserting ‘‘December 31, 2024’’. (3) EFFECTIVE DATE .—The amendments made by this subsection shall apply to fuel sold or used after December 31, 2017. (4) SPECIAL RULE FOR 2018 .—Notwithstanding any other provision of law, in the case of any biodiesel mixture credit properly determined under section 6426(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 for the period beginning on January 1, 2018, and ending on December 31, 2018, such credit shall be allowed, and any refund or payment attributable to such credit (including any payment under section 6427(e) of such Code) shall be made, only in such manner as the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall provide. Such Secretary shall issue guidance within 30 days after the date of the enactment of this Act providing for a one time submission of claims covering periods described in the preceding sentence. Such guidance shall provide for a 180day period for the submission of such claims (in such manner as prescribed by such Secretary) to begin not later than 30 days after such guidance is issued. Such claims shall be paid by such Secretary not later than 60 days after receipt. If such Secretary has not paid pursuant to a claim filed under this subsection within 60 days after the date of the filing of such claim, the claim shall be paid with interest from such date determined by using the overpayment rate and method under section 6621 of such Code. TITLE V—OTHER PROVISIONS 
SEC. 501. TECHNICAL AMENDMENTS RELATING TO PUBLIC LAW 115–97. 
(a) A MENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION 11011.— Section 852(b) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) TREATMENT BY SHAREHOLDERS OF QUALI FIED REIT DIVIDENDS AND QUALIFIED PUBLICLY  
TRADED PARTNERSHIP INCOME .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A shareholder of a regulated investment company shall take into account for purposes of section 199A(b)(1)(B)— ‘‘(i) as a qualified REIT dividend the amount which is reported by the company (in written statements furnished to its shareholders) as being attributable to qualified REIT dividends received by the company, and ‘‘(ii) as qualified publicly traded partnership income the amount which is reported by the company (in written statements furnished to its shareholders) as being attributable to qualified publicly traded partnership income of the company. ‘‘(B) EXCESS REPORTED AMOUNTS .—Rules similar to the rules of clauses (ii) and (iii) of paragraph (5)(A) shall apply for purposes of this paragraph. ‘‘(C) NEGATIVE QUALIFIED PUBLICLY TRADED  
INTO ACCOUNT .—If the qualified publicly traded partnership income of the company is less than zero, such income shall be reported by the company under subparagraph (A)(ii). ‘‘(D) REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall issue such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this paragraph.’’. (b) AMENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  13204.— (1) Section 168(e)(3)(E) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of clause (v), by striking the period at the end of clause (vi) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(vii) any qualified improvement property.’’. (2) The table contained in subparagraph (B) of section 168(g)(3) is amended— (A) by striking the item relating to subparagraph (D)(v), and (B) by inserting after the item relating to subparagraph (E)(vi) the following new item: 
(c) A MENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION 13302.— Section 13302(e)(2) of Public Law 11597 is amended by striking ‘‘ending’’ and inserting ‘‘beginning’’. (d) AMENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION 13307.— Section 162(q)(2) is amended by inserting ‘‘in the case of the taxpayer for whom a deduction is disallowed by reason of paragraph (1),’’ before ‘‘attorney’s fees’’. (e) AMENDMENT RELATING TO SECTION 14103.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 965(h) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) INSTALLMENTS NOT TO PREVENT CREDIT OR  
REFUND OF OVERPAYMENTS OR INCREASE ESTI MATED TAXES .—If an election is made under paragraph (1) to pay the net tax liability under this section in installments— ‘‘(A) no installment of such net tax liability shall— ‘‘(i) in the case of a request for credit or refund, be taken into account as a liability for purposes of determining whether an overpayment exists for purposes of section 6402 before the date on which such installment is due, or ‘‘(ii) for purposes of sections 6425, 6654, and 6655, be treated as a tax imposed by section 1, section 11, or subchapter L of chapter 1, and ‘‘(B) the first sentence of section 6403 shall not apply with respect to any such installment.’’. (2) LIMITATION ON PAYMENT OF INTEREST .—In the case of the portion of any overpayment which exists by reason of the application of section 965(h)(7) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by this subsection)— (A) if credit or refund of such portion is made on or before the date which is 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, no interest shall be allowed or paid under section 6611 of such Code with respect to such portion, and (B) if credit or refund of such portion is made after the date which is 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, no interest shall be allowed or paid under section 6611 of such Code with respect to such portion for any period before the date of the enactment of this Act. (f) AMENDMENTS RELATING TO SECTION  14213.— (1) Section 958(b) is amended— (A) by inserting after paragraph (3) the following: 
‘‘(4) Subparagraphs (A), (B), and (C) of section 318(a)(3) shall not be applied so as to consider a United States person as owning stock which is owned by a person who is not a United States person.’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘Paragraph (1)’’ in the last sentence and inserting ‘‘Paragraphs (1) and (4)’’. (2) Subpart F of part III of subchapter N of chapter 1 is amended by inserting after section 951A the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 951B. AMOUNTS INCLUDED IN GROSS INCOME OF FOREIGN CONTROLLED UNITED STATES SHAREHOLDERS. 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—In the case of any foreign controlled United States shareholder of a foreign controlled foreign corporation— ‘‘(1) this subpart (other than sections 951A, 951(b), 957, and 965) shall be applied with respect to such shareholder (separately from, and in addition to, the application of this subpart without regard to this section)— ‘‘(A) by substituting ‘foreign controlled United States shareholder’ for ‘United States shareholder’ each place it appears therein, and ‘‘(B) by substituting ‘foreign controlled foreign corporation’ for ‘controlled foreign corporation’ each place it appears therein, and ‘‘(2) sections 951A and 965 shall be applied with respect to such shareholder — ‘‘(A) by treating each reference to ‘United States shareholder’ in such sections as including a reference to such shareholder, and ‘‘(B) by treating each reference to ‘controlled foreign corporation’ in such sections as including a reference to such foreign controlled foreign corporation. ‘‘(b) FOREIGN CONTROLLED UNITED STATES  SHAREHOLDER .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘foreign controlled United States shareholder’ means, with respect to any foreign corporation, any United States person which would be a United States shareholder with respect to such foreign corporation if— ‘‘(1) section 951(b) were applied by substituting ‘more than 50 percent’ for ‘10 percent or more’, and ‘‘(2) section 958(b) were applied without regard to paragraph (4) thereof. ‘‘(c) FOREIGN CONTROLLED FOREIGN CORPORA TION.—For purposes of this section, the term ‘foreign controlled foreign corporation’ means a foreign corporation, other than a controlled foreign corporation, which would be a controlled foreign corporation if section 957(a) were applied— ‘‘(1) by substituting ‘foreign controlled United States shareholders’ for ‘United States shareholders’, and ‘‘(2) by substituting ‘section 958(b) (other than paragraph (4) thereof)’ for ‘section 958(b)’. ‘‘(d) REGULATIONS .—The Secretary shall prescribe such regulations or other guidance as may be necessary or appropriate to carry out the purposes of this section, including regulations or other guidance— ‘‘(1) to treat a foreign controlled United States shareholder or a foreign controlled foreign corporation as a United States shareholder or as a controlled foreign corporation, respectively, for purposes of provisions of this title other than this subpart, and ‘‘(2) to prevent the avoidance of the purposes of this section.’’. (3) The amendments made by paragraphs (1) and (2) shall apply to— (A) the last taxable year of foreign corporations beginning before January 1, 2018, and each subsequent taxable year of such foreign corporations, and (B) taxable years of United States persons in which or with which such taxable years of foreign corporations end. (g) EFFECTIVE DATES.—Except as otherwise provided in this section, the amendments made by this section shall take effect as if included in the provision of Public Law 11597 to which they relate. SEC. 502. CLARIFICATION OF TREATMENT OF VETERANS AS SPECIFIED GROUP FOR PURPOSES OF THE LOWINCOME HOUSING TAX CREDIT. 
For purposes of section 42(g)(9)(B) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, veterans shall not fail to be treated as a specified group under a Federal program. 
SEC. 503. CLARIFICATION OF GENERAL PUBLIC USE REQUIREMENT FOR QUALIFIED RESIDENTIAL RENTAL PROJECTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 142(d)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(F) CLARIFICATION OF GENERAL PUBLIC USE  
REQUIREMENT .—Rules similar to the rules of section 42(g)(9) shall apply for purposes of this subsection.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to bonds issued before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 504. FLOOR PLAN FINANCING APPLICABLE TO CERTAIN TRAILERS AND CAMPERS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 163(j)(9)(C) is amended by adding at the end the following new flush sentence: ‘‘Such term shall include any trailer or camper which is designed to provide temporary living quarters for recreational, camping, travel, or seasonal use and is designed to be towed by, or affixed to, a motor vehicle.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after December 31, 2017. 
SEC. 505. REPEAL OF INCREASE IN UNRELATED BUSINESS TAXABLE INCOME BY DISALLOWED FRINGE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 512(a) is amended by striking paragraph (7). (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect as if included in section 13703 of Public Law 11597. 
SEC. 506. CERTAIN PURCHASES OF EMPLOYEE OWNED STOCK DISREGARDED FOR PURPOSES OF FOUNDATION TAX ON EXCESS BUSINESS HOLDINGS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 4943(c)(4)(A) is amended by adding at the end the following new clause: ‘‘(v) CERTAIN PURCHASES OF EMPLOYEE OWNED  
STOCK DISREGARDED .—For purposes of clause (i), subparagraph (D), and paragraph (2), any voting stock which— ‘‘(I) is not readily tradable on an established securities market, ‘‘(II) is purchased by the business enterprise on or after January 1, 2005, from a stock bonus or profit sharing plan described in section 401(a) in which employees of such business enterprise participate, in connection with a distribution from such plan, and ‘‘(III) is held by the business enterprise as treasury stock, cancelled, or retired, shall be treated as outstanding voting stock, but only to the extent so treating such stock would not result in permitted holdings exceeding 49 percent (determined without regard to this clause). The preceding sentence shall not apply with respect to the purchase of stock from a plan during the 10year period beginning on the date the plan is established.’’ (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after the date of enactment of this Act and to purchases by a business enterprise of voting stock in taxable years beginning before, on, or after the date of enactment of this Act. (2) SPECIAL RULE FOR GRANDFATHERED FOUN DATIONS IN CASE OF DECREASE IN OWNERSHIP BY  
REASON OF PRE ENACTMENT PURCHASES .—Section 4943(c)(4)(A)(ii) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 shall not apply with respect to any decrease in the percentage of holdings in a business enterprise by reason of section 4943(c)(4)(A)(v) of such Code (as added by this section). SEC. 507. ALLOWING 501(c)(3) ORGANIZATION TO MAKE STATEMENTS RELATING TO POLITICAL CAMPAIGN IN ORDINARY COURSE OF CARRYING OUT ITS TAX EXEMPT PURPOSE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 501 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(s) SPECIAL RULE RELATING TO POLITICAL  CAMPAIGN STATEMENTS OF ORGANIZATION DESCRIBED IN SUBSECTION (c)(3).— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of subsection (c)(3) and sections 170(c)(2), 2055, 2106, 2522, and 4955, an organization shall not fail to be treated as organized and operated exclusively for a purpose described in subsection (c)(3), nor shall it be deemed to have participated in, or intervened in any political campaign on behalf of (or in opposition to) any candidate for public office, solely because of the content of any statement which— ‘‘(A) is made in the ordinary course of the organization’s regular and customary activities in carrying out its exempt purpose, and ‘‘(B) results in the organization incurring not more than de minimis incremental expenses.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 508. CHARITABLE ORGANIZATIONS PERMITTED TO MAKE COLLEGIATE HOUSING AND INFRASTRUCTURE GRANTS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 501, as amended by the preceding provisions of this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(t) TREATMENT OF ORGANIZATIONS MAKING  COLLEGIATE HOUSING AND INFRASTRUCTURE IMPROVEMENT GRANTS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of subsection (c)(3) and sections 170(c)(2)(B), 2055(a)(2), and 2522(a)(2), an organization shall not fail to be treated as organized and operated exclusively for charitable or educational purposes solely because such organization makes collegiate housing and infrastructure grants to an organization described in subsection (c)(7) which applies the grant to its collegiate housing property. ‘‘(2) HOUSING AND INFRASTRUCTURE GRANTS .— For purposes of paragraph (1), collegiate housing and infrastructure grants are grants to provide, improve, operate, or maintain collegiate housing property that may involve more than incidental social, recreational, or private purposes, so long as such grants are for purposes that would be permissible for a dormitory or other residential facility of the college or university with which the collegiate housing property is associated. A grant shall not be treated as a collegiate housing and infrastructure grant for purposes of paragraph (1) to the extent that such grant is used to provide physical fitness facilities. ‘‘(3) COLLEGIATE HOUSING PROPERTY .—For purposes of this subsection, collegiate housing property is property in which, at the time of a grant or following the acquisition, lease, construction, or modification of such property using such grant, substantially all of the residents are fulltime students at the college or university in the community where such property is located. ‘‘(4) GRANTS TO CERTAIN ORGANIZATIONS HOLD ING TITLE TO PROPERTY , ETC.—For purposes of this subsection, a collegiate housing and infrastructure grant to an organization described in subsection (c)(2) or (c)(7) holding title to property exclusively for the benefit of an organization described in subsection (c)(7) shall be considered a grant to the organization described in subsection (c)(7) for whose benefit such property is held.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to grants made in taxable years ending after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 509. RESTRICTION ON REGULATION OF CONTINGENCY FEES WITH RESPECT TO TAX RETURNS, ETC. 
The Secretary of the Treasury may not regulate, prohibit, or restrict the use of a contingent fee in connection with tax returns, claims for refund, or documents in connection with tax returns or claims for refund prepared on behalf of a taxpayer. DIVISION B—TAXPAYER FIRST ACT OF 2018 
(a) S HORT TITLE.—This division may be cited as the ‘‘Taxpayer First Act of 2018’’. (b) AMENDMENT OF 1986 C ODE.—Except as otherwise expressly provided, whenever in this division an amendment or repeal is expressed in terms of an amendment to, or repeal of, a section or other provision, the reference shall be considered to be made to a section or other provision of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986. (c) TABLE OF CONTENTS .—The table of contents for this division is as follows: Sec. 1. Short title; etc. TITLE I—PUTTING TAXPAYERS FIRST Subtitle A—Independent Appeals Process Sec. 1001. Establishment of Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals. Subtitle B—Improved Service Sec. 1101. Comprehensive customer service strategy. Sec. 1102. IRS Free File Program. Sec. 1103. Lowincome exception for payments otherwise required in connection with a submission of an offerin compromise. Subtitle C—Sensible Enforcement Sec. 1201. Internal Revenue Service seizure requirements with respect to structuring transactions. Sec. 1202. Exclusion of interest received in action to recover property seized by the Internal Revenue Service based on structuring transaction. Sec. 1203. Clarification of equitable relief from joint liability. Sec. 1204. Modification of procedures for issuance of thirdparty summons. Sec. 1205. Private debt collection and special compliance personnel program. Sec. 1206. Reform of notice of contact of third parties. Sec. 1207. Modification of authority to issue designated summons. Sec. 1208. Limitation on access of nonInternal Revenue Service employees to returns and return information. Subtitle D—Organizational Modernization Sec. 1301. Office of the National Taxpayer Advocate. Sec. 1302. Modernization of Internal Revenue Service organizational structure. Subtitle E—Other Provisions Sec. 1401. Return preparation programs for applicable taxpayers. Sec. 1402. Provision of information regarding lowincome taxpayer clinics. Sec. 1403. Notice from IRS regarding closure of taxpayer assistance centers. Sec. 1404. Rules for seizure and sale of perishable goods restricted to only perishable goods. Sec. 1405. Whistleblower reforms. Sec. 1406. Customer service information. Sec. 1407. Misdirected tax refund deposits. TITLE II—21ST CENTURY IRS Subtitle A—Cybersecurity and Identity Protection Sec. 2001. Publicprivate partnership to address identity theft refund fraud. Sec. 2002. Recommendations of Electronic Tax Administration Advisory Committee regarding identity theft refund fraud. Sec. 2003. Information sharing and analysis center. Sec. 2004. Compliance by contractors with confidentiality safeguards. Sec. 2005. Report on electronic payments. Sec. 2006. Identity protection personal identification numbers. Sec. 2007. Single point of contact for taxrelated identity theft victims. Sec. 2008. Notification of suspected identity theft. Sec. 2009. Guidelines for stolen identity refund fraud cases. Sec. 2010. Increased penalty for improper disclosure or use of information by preparers of returns. Subtitle B—Development of Information Technology Sec. 2101. Management of Internal Revenue Service information technology. Sec. 2102. Development of online accounts and portals. Sec. 2103. Internet platform for Form 1099 filings. Sec. 2104. Streamlined critical pay authority for information technology positions. Subtitle C—Modernization of Consentbased Income Verification System Sec. 2201. Disclosure of taxpayer information for thirdparty income verification. Sec. 2202. Limit redisclosures and uses of consentbased disclosures of tax return information. Subtitle D—Expanded Use of Electronic Systems Sec. 2301. Electronic filing of returns. Sec. 2302. Uniform standards for the use of electronic signatures for disclosure authorizations to, and other authorizations of, practitioners. Sec. 2303. Payment of taxes by debit and credit cards. Sec. 2304. Requirement that electronically prepared paper returns include scannable code. Sec. 2305. Authentication of users of electronic services accounts. Subtitle E—Other Provisions Sec. 2401. Repeal of provision regarding certain tax compliance procedures and reports. Sec. 2402. Comprehensive training strategy. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Reform of Laws Governing Internal Revenue Service Employees Sec. 3001. Electronic record retention. Sec. 3002. Prohibition on rehiring any employee 
of the Internal Revenue Service who was involuntarily separated from service for misconduct. Sec. 3003. Notification of unauthorized inspection or disclosure of returns and return information. Subtitle B—Provisions Relating to Exempt Organizations Sec. 3101. Mandatory efiling by exempt organizations. Sec. 3102. Notice required before revocation of tax exempt status for failure to file return. Subtitle C—Tax Court Sec. 3301. Disqualification of judge or magistrate judge of the Tax Court. Sec. 3302. Opinions and judgments. Sec. 3303. Title of special trial judge changed to magistrate judge of the Tax Court. Sec. 3304. Repeal of deadwood related to Board of Tax Appeals. TITLE I—PUTTING TAXPAYERS FIRST Subtitle A—Independent Appeals Process 
SEC. 1001. ESTABLISHMENT OF INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE INDEPENDENT OFFICE OF APPEALS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7803 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(e) INDEPENDENT OFFICE OF APPEALS .— ‘‘(1) ESTABLISHMENT .—There is established in the Internal Revenue Service an office to be known as the ‘Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals’. ‘‘(2) CHIEF OF APPEALS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals shall be under the supervision and direction of an official to be known as the ‘Chief of Appeals’. The Chief of Appeals shall report directly to the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service and shall be entitled to compensation at the same rate as the highest rate of basic pay established for the Senior Executive Service under section 5382 of title 5, United States Code. ‘‘(B) APPOINTMENT .—The Chief of Appeals shall be appointed by the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service without regard to the provisions of title 5, United States Code, relating to appointments in the competitive service or the Senior Executive Service. ‘‘(C) QUALIFICATIONS .—An individual appointed under subparagraph (B) shall have experience and expertise in— ‘‘(i) administration of, and compliance with, Federal tax laws, ‘‘(ii) a broad range of compliance cases, and ‘‘(iii) management of large service organizations. ‘‘(3) PURPOSES AND DUTIES OF OFFICE .—It shall be the function of the Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals to resolve Federal tax controversies without litigation on a basis which— ‘‘(A) is fair and impartial to both the Government and the taxpayer, ‘‘(B) promotes a consistent application and interpretation of, and voluntary compliance with, the Federal tax laws, and ‘‘(C) enhances public confidence in the integrity and efficiency of the Internal Revenue Service. ‘‘(4) RIGHT OF APPEAL .—The resolution process described in paragraph (3) shall be generally available to all taxpayers. ‘‘(5) LIMITATION ON DESIGNATION OF CASES AS  
OFFICE OF APPEALS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—If any taxpayer which is in receipt of a notice of deficiency authorized under section 6212 requests referral to the Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals and such request is denied, the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service shall provide such taxpayer a written notice which— ‘‘(i) provides a detailed description of the facts involved, the basis for the decision to deny the request, and a detailed explanation of how the basis of such decision applies to such facts, and ‘‘(ii) describes the procedures prescribed under subparagraph (C) for protesting the decision to deny the request. ‘‘(B) REPORT TO CONGRESS .—The Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service shall submit a written report to Congress on an annual basis which includes the number of requests described in subparagraph (A) which were denied and the reasons (described by category) that such requests were denied. ‘‘(C) PROCEDURES FOR PROTESTING DENIAL OF  
REQUEST .—The Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service shall prescribe procedures for protesting to the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service a denial of a request described in subparagraph (A). ‘‘(D) NOT APPLICABLE TO FRIVOLOUS POSI TIONS .—This paragraph shall not apply to a request for referral to the Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals which is denied on the basis that the issue involved is a frivolous position (within the meaning of section 6702(c)). ‘‘(6) STAFF.— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—All personnel in the Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals shall report to the Chief of Appeals. ‘‘(B) ACCESS TO STAFF OF OFFICE OF THE CHIEF  
COUNSEL .—The Chief of Appeals shall have authority to obtain legal assistance and advice 
from the staff of the Office of the Chief Counsel. The Chief Counsel shall ensure that such assistance and advice is provided by staff of the Office of the Chief Counsel who were not involved in the case with respect to which such assistance and advice is sought and who are not involved in preparing such case for litigation. ‘‘(7) ACCESS TO CASE FILES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—In any case in which a conference with the Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals has been scheduled upon request of a specified taxpayer, the Chief of Appeals shall ensure that such taxpayer is provided access to the nonprivileged portions of the case file on record regarding the disputed issues (other than documents provided by the taxpayer to the Internal Revenue Service) not later than 10 days before the date of such conference. ‘‘(B) TAXPAYER ELECTION TO EXPEDITE CON FERENCE .—If the taxpayer so elects, subparagraph (A) shall be applied by substituting ‘the date of such conference’ for ‘10 days before the date of such conference’. ‘‘(C) SPECIFIED TAXPAYER .—For purposes of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘specified taxpayer’ means— ‘‘(I) in the case of any taxpayer who is a natural person, a taxpayer whose adjusted gross income does not exceed $400,000 for the taxable year to which the dispute relates, and ‘‘(II) in the case of any other taxpayer, a taxpayer whose gross receipts do not exceed $5,000,000 for the taxable year to which the dispute relates. ‘‘(ii) AGGREGATION RULE .—Rules similar to the rules of section 448(c)(2) shall apply for purposes of clause (i)(II).’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The following provisions are each amended by striking ‘‘Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals’’ and inserting ‘‘Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals’’: (A) Section 6015(c)(4)(B)(ii)(I). (B) Section 6320(b)(1). (C) Subsections (b)(1) and (d)(3) of section 6330. (D) Section 6603(d)(3)(B). (E) Section 6621(c)(2)(A)(i). (F) Section 7122(e)(2). (G) Subsections (a), (b)(1), (b)(2), and (c)(1) of section 7123. (H) Subsections (c)(7)(B)(i), and (g)(2)(A) of section 7430. (I) Section 7522(b)(3). (J) Section 7612(c)(2)(A). (2) Section 7430(c)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals’’. (3) The heading of section 6330(d)(3) is amended by inserting ‘‘INDEPENDENT ’’ after ‘‘IRS’’. (c) OTHER REFERENCES .—Any reference in any provision of law, or regulation or other guidance, to the Internal Revenue Service Office of Appeals shall be treated as a reference to the Internal Revenue Service Independent Office of Appeals. (d) SAVINGS PROVISIONS .—Rules similar to the rules of paragraphs (2) through (6) of section 1001(b) of the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 shall apply for purposes of this section (and the amendments made by this section). (e) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) ACCESS TO CASE FILES .—Section 7803(e)(7) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as added by subsection (a), shall apply to conferences occurring after the date which is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Improved Service SEC. 1101. COMPREHENSIVE CUSTOMER SERVICE STRATEGY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than the date which is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury shall submit to Congress a written comprehensive customer service strategy for the Internal Revenue Service. Such strategy shall include— (1) a plan to provide assistance to taxpayers that is secure, designed to meet reasonable taxpayer expectations, and adopts appropriate best practices of customer service provided in the private sector, including online services, telephone call back services, and training of employees providing customer services, (2) a thorough assessment of the services that the Internal Revenue Service can colocate with other Federal services or offer as selfservice options, (3) proposals to improve Internal Revenue Service customer service in the short term (the current and following fiscal year), medium term (approximately 3 to 5 fiscal years), and long term (approximately 10 fiscal years), (4) a plan to update guidance and training materials for customer service employees of the Internal Revenue Service, including the Internal Revenue Manual, to reflect such strategy, and (5) identified metrics and benchmarks for quantitatively measuring the progress of the Internal Revenue Service in implementing such strategy. (b) UPDATED GUIDANCE AND TRAINING MATERIALS .—Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall make available the updated guidance and training materials described in subsection (a)(4) (including the Internal Revenue Manual). Such updated guidance and training materials (including the Internal Revenue Manual) shall be written in a manner so as to be easily understood by customer service employees of the Internal Revenue Service and shall provide clear instructions. 
(a) I NGENERAL .— (1) The Secretary of the Treasury, or the Secretary’s delegate, shall continue to operate the IRS Free File Program as established by the Internal Revenue Service and published in the Federal Register on November 4, 2002 (67 Fed. Reg. 67247), including any subsequent agreements and governing rules established pursuant thereto. (2) The IRS Free File Program shall continue to provide free commercialtype online individual income tax preparation and electronic filing services to the lowest 70 percent of taxpayers by adjusted gross income. The number of taxpayers eligible to receive such services each year shall be calculated by the Internal Revenue Service annually based on prior year aggregate taxpayer adjusted gross income data. (3) In addition to the services described in paragraph (2), and in the same manner, the IRS Free File Program shall continue to make available to all taxpayers (without regard to income) a basic, online electronic fillable forms utility. (4) The IRS Free File Program shall continue to work cooperatively with the private sector to provide the free individual income tax preparation and the electronic filing services described in paragraphs (2) and (3). (5) The IRS Free File Program shall work cooperatively with State government agencies to enhance and expand the use of the program to provide needed benefits to the taxpayer while reducing the cost of processing returns. (b) INNOVATIONS .—The Secretary of the Treasury, or the Secretary’s delegate, shall work with the private sector through the IRS Free File Program to identify and implement, consistent with applicable law, innovative new program features to improve and simplify the taxpayer’s experience with completing and filing individual income tax returns through voluntary compliance. SEC. 1103. LOWINCOME EXCEPTION FOR PAYMENTS OTHERWISE REQUIRED IN CONNECTION WITH A SUBMISSION OF AN OFFERINCOMPROMISE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7122(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) EXCEPTION FOR LOW INCOME TAX PAYERS .—Paragraph (1), and any user fee otherwise required in connection with the submission of an offerincompromise, shall not apply to any offerincompromise with respect to a taxpayer who is an individual with adjusted gross income, as determined for the most recent taxable year for which such information is available, which does not exceed 250 percent of the applicable poverty level (as determined by the Secretary).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to offersincompromise submitted after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle C—Sensible Enforcement 
SEC. 1201. INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE SEIZURE REQUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO STRUCTURING TRANSACTIONS. 
Section 5317(c)(2) of title 31, United States Code, is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘Any property’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Any property’’; and (2) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(B) INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE SEIZURE RE QUIREMENTS WITH RESPECT TO STRUCTURING  
SOURCE .—Property may only be seized by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to subparagraph (A) by reason of a claimed violation of section 5324 if the property to be seized was derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of a criminal law or regulation other than section 5324. ‘‘(ii) NOTICE .—Not later than 30 days after property is seized by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to subparagraph (A), the Internal Revenue Service shall— ‘‘(I) make a good faith effort to find all persons with an ownership interest in such property; and ‘‘(II) provide each such person so found with a notice of the seizure and of the person’s rights under clause (iv). ‘‘(iii) EXTENSION OF NOTICE UNDER CERTAIN  
CIRCUMSTANCES .—The Internal Revenue Service may apply to a court of competent jurisdiction for one 30day extension of the notice requirement under clause (ii) if the Internal Revenue Service can establish probable cause of an imminent threat to national security or personal safety necessitating such extension. ‘‘(iv) POSTSEIZURE HEARING .—If a person with an ownership interest in property seized pursuant to subparagraph (A) by the Internal Revenue Service requests a hearing by a court of competent jurisdiction within 30 days after the date on which notice is provided under subclause (ii), such property shall be returned unless the court holds an adversarial hearing and finds within 30 days of such request (or such longer period as the court may provide, but only on request of an interested party) that there is probable cause to believe that there is a violation of section 5324 involving such property and probable cause to believe that the property to be seized was derived from an illegal source or the funds were structured for the purpose of concealing the violation of a criminal law or regulation other than section 5324.’’. 
SEC. 1202. EXCLUSION OF INTEREST RECEIVED IN ACTION TO RECOVER PROPERTY SEIZED BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE BASED ON STRUCTURING TRANSACTION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before section 140 the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 139H. INTEREST RECEIVED IN ACTION TO RECOVER PROPERTY SEIZED BY THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE BASED ON STRUCTURING TRANSACTION. 
‘‘Gross income shall not include any interest received from the Federal Government in connection with an action to recover property seized by the Internal Revenue Service pursuant to section 5317(c)(2) of title 31, United States Code, by reason of a claimed violation of section 5324 of such title.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for part III of subchapter B of chapter 1 is amended by inserting before the item relating to section 140 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 139H. Interest received in action to recover property seized by the Internal Revenue Service based on structuring transaction.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to interest received on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1203. CLARIFICATION OF EQUITABLE RELIEF FROM JOINT LIABILITY. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6015 is amended— (1) in subsection (e), by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) STANDARD AND SCOPE OF REVIEW .—Any review of a determination made under this section shall be reviewed de novo by the Tax Court and shall be based upon— ‘‘(A) the administrative record established at the time of the determination, and ‘‘(B) any additional newly discovered or previously unavailable evidence.’’, and (2) by amending subsection (f) to read as follows: ‘‘(f) EQUITABLE RELIEF .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Under procedures prescribed by the Secretary, if— ‘‘(A) taking into account all the facts and circumstances, it is inequitable to hold the individual liable for any unpaid tax or any deficiency (or any portion of either), and ‘‘(B) relief is not available to such individual under subsection (b) or (c), the Secretary may relieve such individual of such liability. ‘‘(2) LIMITATION .—A request for equitable relief under this subsection may be made with respect to any portion of any liability that— ‘‘(A) has not been paid, provided that such request is made before the expiration of the applicable period of limitation under section 6502, or ‘‘(B) has been paid, provided that such request is made during the period in which the individual could submit a timely claim for refund or credit of such payment.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to petitions or requests filed or pending on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1204. MODIFICATION OF PROCEDURES FOR ISSUANCE OF THIRDPARTY SUMMONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7609(f) is amended by adding at the end the following flush sentence: ‘‘The Secretary shall not issue any summons described in the preceding sentence unless the information sought to be obtained is narrowly tailored to information that pertains to the failure (or potential failure) of the person or group or class of persons referred to in paragraph (2) to comply with one or more provisions of the internal revenue law which have been identified for purposes of such paragraph.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to summonses served after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1205. PRIVATE DEBT COLLECTION AND SPECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL PROGRAM. 
FORCOLLECTION UNDER TAXCOLLECTION CONTRACTS .—Section 6306(d)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘or’’ at the end of subparagraph (C) and by inserting after subparagraph (D) the following new subparagraphs: ‘‘(E) a taxpayer substantially all of whose income consists of disability insurance benefits under section 223 of the Social Security Act or supplemental security income benefits under title XVI of the Social Security Act (including supplemental security income benefits of the type described in section 1616 of such Act or section 212 of Public Law 9366), or ‘‘(F) a taxpayer who is an individual with adjusted gross income, as determined for the most recent taxable year for which such information is available, which does not exceed 200 percent of the applicable poverty level (as determined by the Secretary).’’. (b) DETERMINATION OF INACTIVE TAXRECEIV ABLES ELIGIBLE FOR COLLECTION UNDER TAX COLLECTION CONTRACTS .—Section 6306(c)(2)(A)(ii) is amended by striking ‘‘more than 
1⁄3of the period of the applicable statute of limitation has lapsed’’ and inserting ‘‘more than 2 years has passed since assessment’’. (c) MAXIMUM LENGTH OF INSTALLMENT  AGREEMENTS OFFERED UNDER TAXCOLLECTION  CONTRACTS .—Section 6306(b)(1)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘5 years’’ and inserting ‘‘7 years’’. (d) CLARIFICATION THATSPECIAL COMPLIANCE  PERSONNEL PROGRAM ACCOUNT MAYBEUSED 
FORPROGRAM COSTS.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 6307(b) is amended— (A) in paragraph (2), by striking all that follows ‘‘under such program’’ and inserting a period, and (B) in paragraph (3), by striking all that follows ‘‘out of such account’’ and inserting ‘‘for other than program costs’’. (2) COMMUNICATIONS , SOFTWARE , AND TECH NOLOGY COSTS TREATED AS PROGRAM COSTS .— Section 6307(d)(2)(B) is amended by striking ‘‘telecommunications’’ and inserting ‘‘communications, software, technology’’. (3) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 6307(d)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘and’’ at the end of subparagraph (A), by striking the period at the end of subparagraph (B) and inserting ‘‘, and’’, and by inserting after subparagraph (B) the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(C) reimbursement of the Internal Revenue Service or other government agencies for the cost of administering the qualified tax collection program under section 6306.’’. (e) EFFECTIVE DATES.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall apply to tax receivables identified by the Secretary (or the Secretary’s delegate) after December 31, 2019. (2) MAXIMUM LENGTH OF INSTALLMENT AGREE MENTS .—The amendment made by subsection (c) shall apply to contracts entered into after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) USE OF SPECIAL COMPLIANCE PERSONNEL  
PROGRAM ACCOUNT .—The amendment made by subsection (d) shall apply to amounts expended from the special compliance personnel program account after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1206. REFORM OF NOTICE OF CONTACT OF THIRD PARTIES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7602(c)(1) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(1) GENERAL NOTICE .—An officer or employee of the Internal Revenue Service may not contact any person other than the taxpayer with respect to the determination or collection of the tax liability of such taxpayer unless such contact occurs during a period (not greater than 1 year) which is specified in a notice which— ‘‘(A) informs the taxpayer that contacts with persons other than the taxpayer are intended to be made during such period, and ‘‘(B) except as otherwise provided by the Secretary, is provided to the taxpayer not later than 45 days before the beginning of such period. Nothing in the preceding sentence shall prevent the issuance of notices to the same taxpayer with respect to the same tax liability with periods specified therein that, in the aggregate, exceed 1 year. A notice shall not be issued under this paragraph unless there is an intent at the time such notice is issued to contact persons other than the taxpayer during the period specified in such notice. The preceding sentence shall not prevent the issuance of a notice if the requirement of such sentence is met on the basis of the assumption that the information sought to be obtained by such contact will not be obtained by other means before such contact.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to notices provided, and contacts of persons made, after the date which is 45 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1207. MODIFICATION OF AUTHORITY TO ISSUE DESIGNATED SUMMONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Paragraph (1) of section 6503(j) is amended by striking ‘‘coordinated examination program’’ and inserting ‘‘coordinated industry case program’’. (b) REQUIREMENTS FOR SUMMONS .—Clause (i) of section 6503(j)(2)(A) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(i) the issuance of such summons is preceded by a review and written approval of such issuance by the Commissioner of the relevant operating division of the Internal Revenue Service and the Chief Counsel which— ‘‘(I) states facts clearly establishing that the Secretary has made reasonable requests for the information that is the subject of the summons, and ‘‘(II) is attached to such summons,’’. (c) ESTABLISHMENT THAT REASONABLE REQUESTS FOR INFORMATION WEREMADE.—Sub section (j) of section 6503 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(4) ESTABLISHMENT THAT REASONABLE RE QUESTS FOR INFORMATION WERE MADE .—In any court proceeding described in paragraph (3), the Secretary shall establish that reasonable requests were made for the information that is the subject of the summons.’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to summonses issued after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1208. LIMITATION ON ACCESS OF NONINTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE EMPLOYEES TO RETURNS AND RETURN INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7602 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) LIMITATION ON ACCESS OF PERSONS  OTHER THANINTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE OFFICERS AND EMPLOYEES .—The Secretary shall not, under the authority of section 6103(n), provide any books, papers, records, or other data obtained pursuant to this section to any person authorized under section 6103(n), except when such person requires such information for the sole purpose of providing expert evaluation and assistance to the Internal Revenue Service. No person other than an officer or employee of the Internal Revenue Service or the Office of Chief Counsel may, on behalf of the Secretary, question a witness under oath whose testimony was obtained pursuant to this section.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section— (1) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act, and (2) shall not fail to apply to a contract in effect under section 6103(n) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 merely because such contract was in effect before the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—Organizational Modernization 
(a) T AXPAYER ADVOCATE DIRECTIVES .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 7803(c) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(5) TAXPAYER ADVOCATE DIRECTIVES .—In the case of any Taxpayer Advocate Directive issued 
by the National Taxpayer Advocate pursuant to a delegation of authority from the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service— ‘‘(A) the Commissioner or a Deputy Commissioner shall modify, rescind, or ensure compliance with such directive not later than 90 days after the issuance of such directive, and ‘‘(B) in the case of any directive which is modified or rescinded by a Deputy Commissioner, the National Taxpayer Advocate may (not later than 90 days after such modification or rescission) appeal to the Commissioner and the Commissioner shall (not later than 90 days after such appeal is made) ensure compliance with such directive as issued by the National Taxpayer Advocate or provide the National Taxpayer Advocate with a detailed description of the reasons for any modification or rescission made or upheld by the Commissioner pursuant to such appeal.’’. (2) REPORT TO CERTAIN COMMITTEES OF CON GRESS REGARDING DIRECTIVES .—Section 7803(c)(2)(B)(ii) is amended by redesignating subclauses (VIII) through (XI) as subclauses (IX) through (XII), respectively, and by inserting after subclause (VII) the following new subclause: ‘‘(VIII) identify any Taxpayer Advocate Directive which was not honored by the Internal Revenue Service in a timely manner, as specified under paragraph (5);’’. (b) NATIONAL TAXPAYER ADVOCATE ANNUAL  REPORTS TO CONGRESS .— (1) INCLUSION OF MOST SERIOUS TAXPAYER  
PROBLEMS .—Section 7803(c)(2)(B)(ii)(III) is amended by striking ‘‘at least 20 of the’’ and inserting ‘‘the 10’’. (2) COORDINATION WITH TREASURY INSPECTOR  
GENERAL FOR TAX ADMINISTRATION .—Section 7803(c)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(E) COORDINATION WITH TREASURY INSPEC TOR GENERAL FOR TAX ADMINISTRATION .—Before beginning any research or study, the National Taxpayer Advocate shall coordinate with the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration to ensure that the National Taxpayer Advocate does not duplicate any action that the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration has already undertaken or has a plan to undertake.’’. (3) STATISTICAL SUPPORT .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Section 6108 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) STATISTICAL SUPPORT FOR NATIONAL  TAXPAYER ADVOCATE .—The Secretary shall, upon request of the National Taxpayer Advocate, provide the National Taxpayer Advocate with statistical support in connection with the preparation by the National Taxpayer Advocate of the annual report described in section 7803(c)(2)(B)(ii). Such statistical support shall include statistical studies, compilations, and the review of information provided by the National Taxpayer Advocate for statistical validity and sound statistical methodology.’’. (B) DISCLOSURE OF REVIEW .—Section 7803(c)(2)(B)(ii), as amended by subsection (a), is amended by redesignating subclause (XII) as subclause (XIII) and by inserting after subclause (XI) the following new subclause: ‘‘(XII) with respect to any statistical information included in such report, include a statement of whether such statistical information was reviewed or provided by the Secretary under section 6108(d) and, if so, whether the Secretary determined such information to be statistically valid and based on sound statistical methodology.’’. (C) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 7803(c)(2)(B)(iii) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply with respect to statistical information provided to the Secretary for review, or received from the Secretary, under section 6108(d).’’. (c) SALARY OF NATIONAL TAXPAYER ADVOCATE.—Section 7803(c)(1)(B)(i) is amended by striking ‘‘, or, if the Secretary of the Treasury so determines, at a rate fixed under section 9503 of such title’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as otherwise provided in this subsection, the amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) SALARY OF NATIONAL TAXPAYER ADVO CATE.—The amendment made by subsection (c) shall apply to compensation paid to individuals appointed as the National Taxpayer Advocate after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1302. MODERNIZATION OF INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE ORGANIZATIONAL STRUCTURE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than September 30, 2020, the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service shall submit to Congress a comprehensive written plan to redesign the organization of the Internal Revenue Service. Such plan shall— (1) ensure the successful implementation of the priorities specified by Congress in this Act, (2) prioritize taxpayer services to ensure that all taxpayers easily and readily receive the assistance that they need, (3) streamline the structure of the agency including minimizing the duplication of services and responsibilities within the agency, (4) best position the Internal Revenue Service to combat cybersecurity and other threats to the Internal Revenue Service, and (5) address whether the Criminal Investigation Division of the Internal Revenue Service should report directly to the Commissioner. (b) REPEAL OF RESTRICTION ON ORGANIZA TIONAL STRUCTURE OF INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE.—Paragraph (3) of section 1001(a) of the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 shall cease to apply beginning 1 year after the date on which the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service submits to Congress the plan described in subsection (a). Subtitle E—Other Provisions 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 77 is amended by inserting after section 7526 the following new section: 
‘‘(a) E STABLISHMENT OF VOLUNTEER INCOME  TAXASSISTANCE MATCHING GRANT PROGRAM .— The Secretary shall establish a Community Volunteer Income Tax Assistance Matching Grant Program under which the Secretary may, subject to the availability of appropriated funds, make grants to provide matching funds for the development, expansion, or continuation of qualified return preparation programs assisting applicable taxpayers and members of underserved populations. ‘‘(b) USE OF FUNDS.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Qualified return preparation programs may use grants received under this section for— ‘‘(A) ordinary and necessary costs associated with program operation in accordance with cost principles under the applicable Office of Management and Budget circular, including— ‘‘(i) wages or salaries of persons coordinating the activities of the program, ‘‘(ii) developing training materials, conducting training, and performing quality reviews of the returns prepared under the program, ‘‘(iii) equipment purchases, and ‘‘(iv) vehiclerelated expenses associated with remote or rural tax preparation services, ‘‘(B) outreach and educational activities described in subsection (c)(2)(B), and ‘‘(C) services related to financial education and capability, asset development, and the establishment of savings accounts in connection with tax return preparation. ‘‘(2) REQUIREMENT OF MATCHING FUNDS .—A qualified return preparation program must provide matching funds on a dollarfordollar basis for all grants provided under this section. Matching funds may include— ‘‘(A) the salary (including fringe benefits) of individuals performing services for the program, ‘‘(B) the cost of equipment used in the program, and ‘‘(C) other ordinary and necessary costs associated with the program. Indirect expenses, including general overhead of any entity administering the program, shall not be counted as matching funds. ‘‘(c) APPLICATION .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—Each applicant for a grant under this section shall submit an application to the Secretary at such time, in such manner, and containing such information as the Secretary may reasonably require. ‘‘(2) PRIORITY .—In awarding grants under this section, the Secretary shall give priority to applications which demonstrate— ‘‘(A) assistance to applicable taxpayers, with emphasis on outreach to, and services for, such taxpayers, ‘‘(B) taxpayer outreach and educational activities relating to eligibility and availability of income supports available through this title, including the earned income tax credit, and ‘‘(C) specific outreach and focus on one or more underserved populations. ‘‘(3) AMOUNTS TAKEN INTO ACCOUNT .—In de termining matching grants under this section, the Secretary shall only take into account amounts provided by the qualified return preparation program for expenses described in subsection (b). ‘‘(d) PROGRAM ADHERENCE .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall establish procedures for, and shall conduct not less frequently than once every 5 calendar years during which a qualified return preparation program is operating under a grant under this section, periodic site visits— ‘‘(A) to ensure the program is carrying out the purposes of this section, and ‘‘(B) to determine whether the program meets such program adherence standards as the Secretary shall by regulation or other guidance prescribe. ‘‘(2) ADDITIONAL REQUIREMENTS FOR GRANT  
STANDARDS .—In the case of any qualified return preparation program which— ‘‘(A) is awarded a grant under this section, and ‘‘(B) is subsequently determined— ‘‘(i) not to meet the program adherence standards described in paragraph (1)(B), or ‘‘(ii) not to be otherwise carrying out the purposes of this section, such program shall not be eligible for any additional grants under this section unless such program provides sufficient documentation of corrective measures established to address any such deficiencies determined. ‘‘(e) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section— ‘‘(1) QUALIFIED RETURN PREPARATION PRO GRAM .—The term ‘qualified return preparation program’ means any program— ‘‘(A) which provides assistance to individuals, not less than 90 percent of whom are applicable taxpayers, in preparing and filing Federal income tax returns, ‘‘(B) which is administered by a qualified entity, ‘‘(C) in which all volunteers who assist in the preparation of Federal income tax returns meet the training requirements prescribed by the Secretary, and ‘‘(D) which uses a quality review process which reviews 100 percent of all returns. ‘‘(2) QUALIFIED ENTITY .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘qualified entity’ means any entity which— ‘‘(i) is an eligible organization, ‘‘(ii) is in compliance with Federal tax filing and payment requirements, 
‘‘(iii) is not debarred or suspended from Federal contracts, grants, or cooperative agreements, and ‘‘(iv) agrees to provide documentation to substantiate any matching funds provided pursuant to the grant program under this section. ‘‘(B) ELIGIBLE ORGANIZATION .—The term ‘eligible organization’ means— ‘‘(i) an institution of higher education which is described in section 102 (other than subsection (a)(1)(C) thereof) of the Higher Education Act of 1965 (20 U.S.C. 1002), as in effect on the date of the enactment of this section, and which has not been disqualified from participating in a program under title IV of such Act, ‘‘(ii) an organization described in section 501(c) and exempt from tax under section 501(a), ‘‘(iii) a local government agency, including— ‘‘(I) a county or municipal government agency, and ‘‘(II) an Indian tribe, as defined in section 4(13) of the Native American Housing Assistance and SelfDetermination Act of 1996 (25 U.S.C. 4103(13)), including any tribally designated housing entity (as defined in section 4(22) of such Act (25 U.S.C. 4103(22))), tribal subsidiary, subdivision, or other wholly owned tribal entity, ‘‘(iv) a local, State, regional, or national coalition (with one lead organization which meets the eligibility requirements of clause (i), (ii), or (iii) acting as the applicant organization), or ‘‘(v) in the case of applicable taxpayers and members of underserved populations with respect to which no organizations described in the preceding clauses are available— ‘‘(I) a State government agency, or ‘‘(II) an office providing Cooperative Extension services (as established at the landgrant colleges and universities under the SmithLever Act of May 8, 1914). ‘‘(3) APPLICABLE TAXPAYERS .—The term ‘applicable taxpayer’ means a taxpayer whose income for the taxable year does not exceed an amount equal to the completed phaseout amount under section 32(b) for a married couple filing a joint return with three or more qualifying children, as determined in a revenue procedure or other published guidance. ‘‘(4) UNDERSERVED POPULATION .—The term ‘underserved population’ includes populations of persons with disabilities, persons with limited English proficiency, Native Americans, individuals living in rural areas, members of the Armed Forces and their spouses, and the elderly. ‘‘(f) SPECIAL RULES AND LIMITATIONS .— ‘‘(1) DURATION OF GRANTS .—Upon application of a qualified return preparation program, the Secretary is authorized to award a multiyear grant not to exceed 3 years. ‘‘(2) AGGREGATE LIMITATION .—Unless otherwise provided by specific appropriation, the Secretary shall not allocate more than $30,000,000 per fiscal year (exclusive of costs of administering the program) to grants under this section. ‘‘(g) PROMOTION OF PROGRAMS .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall promote tax preparation through qualified return preparation programs through the use of mass communications and other means. ‘‘(2) PROVISION OF INFORMATION REGARDING  
QUALIFIED RETURN PREPARATION PROGRAMS .— The Secretary may provide taxpayers information regarding qualified return preparation programs receiving grants under this section. ‘‘(3) VITA 
GRANTEE REFERRAL .—Qualified return preparation programs receiving a grant under this section are encouraged, in appropriate cases, to— ‘‘(A) advise taxpayers of the availability of, and eligibility requirements for receiving, advice and assistance from qualified lowincome taxpayer clinics receiving funding under section 7526, and ‘‘(B) provide information regarding the location of, and contact information for, such clinics.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 77 is amended by inserting after the item relating to section 7526 the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 7526A. Return preparation programs for applicable taxpayers.’’. SEC. 1402. PROVISION OF INFORMATION REGARDING LOWINCOME TAXPAYER CLINICS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7526(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(6) PROVISION OF INFORMATION REGARDING  
QUALIFIED LOW INCOME TAXPAYER CLINICS .— Notwithstanding any other provision of law, officers and employees of the Department of the Treasury may— ‘‘(A) advise taxpayers of the availability of, and eligibility requirements for receiving, advice and assistance from one or more specific qualified lowincome taxpayer clinics receiving funding under this section, and ‘‘(B) provide information regarding the location of, and contact information for, such clinics.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 1403. NOTICE FROM IRS REGARDING CLOSURE OF TAXPAYER ASSISTANCE CENTERS. 
Not later than 90 days before the date that a proposed closure of a Taxpayer Assistance Center would take effect, the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall— (1) make publicly available (including by non electronic means) a notice which— (A) identifies the Taxpayer Assistance Center proposed for closure and the date of such proposed closure, and (B) identifies the relevant alternative sources of taxpayer assistance which may be utilized by taxpayers affected by such proposed closure, and (2) submit to Congress a written report that includes— (A) the information included in the notice described in paragraph (1), (B) the reasons for such proposed closure, and (C) such other information as the Secretary may determine appropriate. 
SEC. 1404. RULES FOR SEIZURE AND SALE OF PERISHABLE GOODS RESTRICTED TO ONLY PERISHABLE GOODS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6336 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 is amended by striking ‘‘or become greatly reduced in price or value by keeping, or that such property cannot be kept without great expense’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to property seized after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
(a) M ODIFICATIONS TO DISCLOSURE RULES FOR  WHISTLEBLOWERS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 6103(k) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(13) DISCLOSURE TO WHISTLEBLOWERS .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary may disclose, to any individual providing information relating to any purpose described in paragraph (1) or (2) of section 7623(a), return information related to the investigation of any taxpayer with respect to whom the individual has provided such information, but only to the extent that such disclosure is necessary in obtaining information, which is not otherwise reasonably available, with respect to the correct determination of tax liability for tax, or the amount to be collected with respect to the enforcement of any other provision of this title. ‘‘(B) UPDATES ON WHISTLEBLOWER INVESTIGA TIONS .—The Secretary shall disclose to an individual providing information relating to any purpose described in paragraph (1) or (2) of section 7623(a) the following: ‘‘(i) Not later than 60 days after a case for which the individual has provided information has been referred for an audit or examination, a notice with respect to such referral. ‘‘(ii) Not later than 60 days after a taxpayer with respect to whom the individual has provided information has made a payment of tax with respect to tax liability to which such information relates, a notice with respect to such payment. ‘‘(iii) Subject to such requirements and conditions as are prescribed by the Secretary, upon a written request by such individual— ‘‘(I) information on the status and stage of any investigation or action related to such information, and ‘‘(II) in the case of a determination of the amount of any award under section 7623(b), the reasons for such determination. Clause (iii) shall not apply to any information if the Secretary determines that disclosure of such information would seriously impair Federal tax administration. Information described in clauses (i), (ii), and (iii) may be disclosed to a designee of the individual providing such information in accordance with guidance provided by the Secretary.’’. (2) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (A) CONFIDENTIALITY OF INFORMATION .—Sec tion 6103(a)(3) is amended by striking ‘‘subsection (k)(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraph (10) or (13) of subsection (k)’’. (B) PENALTY FOR UNAUTHORIZED DISCLO SURE.—Section 7213(a)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘(k)(10)’’ and inserting ‘‘(k)(10) or (13)’’. (C) COORDINATION WITH AUTHORITY TO DIS CLOSE FOR INVESTIGATIVE PURPOSES .—Section 6103(k)(6) is amended by adding at the end the following new sentence: ‘‘This paragraph shall not apply to any disclosure to an individual providing information relating to any purpose described in paragraph (1) or (2) of section 7623(a) which is made under paragraph (13)(A).’’. (b) PROTECTION AGAINST RETALIATION .—Sec tion 7623 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) CIVILACTION TOPROTECT AGAINST RETALIATION CASES.— ‘‘(1) ANTIRETALIATION WHISTLEBLOWER PRO TECTION FOR EMPLOYEES .—No employer, or any officer, employee, contractor, subcontractor, or agent of such employer, may discharge, demote, suspend, threaten, harass, or in any other manner discriminate against an employee in the terms and conditions of employment (including through an act in the ordinary course of such employee’s duties) in reprisal for any lawful act done by the employee— ‘‘(A) to provide information, cause information to be provided, or otherwise assist in an investigation regarding underpayment of tax or any conduct which the employee reasonably believes constitutes a violation of the internal revenue laws or any provision of Federal law relating to tax fraud, when the information or assistance is provided to the Internal Revenue Service, the Secretary of Treasury, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration, the Comptroller General of the United States, the Department of Justice, the United States Congress, a person with supervisory authority over the employee, or any other person working for the employer who has the authority to investigate, discover, or terminate misconduct, or ‘‘(B) to testify, participate in, or otherwise assist in any administrative or judicial action taken by the Internal Revenue Service relating to an alleged underpayment of tax or any violation of the internal revenue laws or any provision of Federal law relating to tax fraud. ‘‘(2) ENFORCEMENT ACTION .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—A person who alleges discharge or other reprisal by any person in violation of paragraph (1) may seek relief under paragraph (3) by— ‘‘(i) filing a complaint with the Secretary of Labor, or ‘‘(ii) if the Secretary of Labor has not issued a final decision within 180 days of the filing of 
the complaint and there is no showing that such delay is due to the bad faith of the claimant, bringing an action at law or equity for de novo review in the appropriate district court of the United States, which shall have jurisdiction over such an action without regard to the amount in controversy. ‘‘(B) PROCEDURE .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—An action under subparagraph (A)(i) shall be governed under the rules and procedures set forth in section 42121(b) of title 49, United States Code. ‘‘(ii) EXCEPTION .—Notification made under section 42121(b)(1) of title 49, United States Code, shall be made to the person named in the complaint and to the employer. ‘‘(iii) BURDENS OF PROOF .—An action brought under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be governed by the legal burdens of proof set forth in section 42121(b) of title 49, United States Code, except that in applying such section— ‘‘(I) ‘behavior described in paragraph (1)’ shall be substituted for ‘behavior described in paragraphs (1) through (4) of subsection (a)’ each place it appears in paragraph (2)(B) thereof, and ‘‘(II) ‘a violation of paragraph (1)’ shall be substituted for ‘a violation of subsection (a)’ each place it appears. ‘‘(iv) STATUTE OF LIMITATIONS .—A complaint under subparagraph (A)(i) shall be filed not later than 180 days after the date on which the violation occurs. ‘‘(v) JURY TRIAL .—A party to an action brought under subparagraph (A)(ii) shall be entitled to trial by jury. ‘‘(3) REMEDIES .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—An employee prevailing in any action under paragraph (2)(A) shall be entitled to all relief necessary to make the employee whole. ‘‘(B) COMPENSATORY DAMAGES .—Relief for any action under subparagraph (A) shall include— ‘‘(i) reinstatement with the same seniority status that the employee would have had, but for the reprisal, ‘‘(ii) the sum of 200 percent of the amount of back pay and 100 percent of all lost benefits, with interest, and ‘‘(iii) compensation for any special damages sustained as a result of the reprisal, including litigation costs, expert witness fees, and reasonable attorney fees. ‘‘(4) RIGHTS RETAINED BY EMPLOYEE .—Nothing in this section shall be deemed to diminish the rights, privileges, or remedies of any employee under any Federal or State law, or under any collective bargaining agreement. ‘‘(5) NONENFORCEABILITY OF CERTAIN PROVI SIONS WAIVING RIGHTS AND REMEDIES OR REQUIR ING ARBITRATION OF DISPUTES .— ‘‘(A) WAIVER OF RIGHTS AND REMEDIES .—The rights and remedies provided for in this subsection may not be waived by any agreement, policy form, or condition of employment, including by a predispute arbitration agreement. ‘‘(B) PREDISPUTE ARBITRATION AGREEMENTS .— No predispute arbitration agreement shall be valid or enforceable, if the agreement requires arbitration of a dispute arising under this subsection.’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—The amendments made by subsection (a) shall apply to disclosures made after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) CIVIL PROTECTION .—The amendment made by subsection (b) shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall provide helpful information to taxpayers placed on hold during a telephone call to any Internal Revenue Service help line, including the following: (1) Information about common tax scams. (2) Information on where and how to report tax scams. (3) Additional advice on how taxpayers can protect themselves from identity theft and tax scams. SEC. 1407. MISDIRECTED TAX REFUND DEPOSITS. 
Section 6402 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(n) MISDIRECTED DIRECT DEPOSIT REFUND .— Not later than the date which is 6 month after the date of the enactment of the Taxpayer First Act of 2018, the Secretary shall prescribe regulations to establish procedures to allow for— ‘‘(1) taxpayers to report instances in which a refund made by the Secretary by electronic funds transfer was erroneously delivered to an account at a financial institution for which the taxpayer is not the owner; ‘‘(2) coordination with financial institutions for the purpose of— ‘‘(A) identifying erroneous payments described in paragraph (1); and ‘‘(B) recovery of the erroneously transferred amounts; and ‘‘(3) the refund to be delivered to the correct account of the taxpayer.’’. TITLE II—21ST CENTURY IRS Subtitle A—Cybersecurity and Identity Protection 
SEC. 2001. PUBLICPRIVATE PARTNERSHIP TO ADDRESS IDENTITY THEFT REFUND FRAUD. 
The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall work collaboratively with the public and private sectors to protect taxpayers from identity theft refund fraud. 
SEC. 2002. RECOMMENDATIONS OF ELECTRONIC TAX ADMINISTRATION ADVISORY COMMITTEE REGARDING IDENTITY THEFT REFUND FRAUD. 
The Secretary of the Treasury shall ensure that the advisory group convened by the Secretary pursuant to section 2001(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 (commonly known as the Electronic Tax Administration Advisory Committee) studies (including by providing organized public forums) and makes recommendations to the Secretary regarding methods to prevent identity theft and refund fraud. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) may participate in an information sharing and analysis center to centralize, standardize, and enhance data compilation and analysis to facilitate sharing actionable data and information with respect to identity theft tax refund fraud. (b) DEVELOPMENT OF PERFORMANCE  METRICS .—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall develop metrics for measuring the success of such center in detecting and preventing identity theft tax refund fraud. (c) DISCLOSURE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Section 6103(k), as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(14) DISCLOSURE OF RETURN INFORMATION  
FOR PURPOSES OF CYBERSECURITY AND THE PRE VENTION OF IDENTITY THEFT TAX REFUND  
FRAUD .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—Under such procedures and subject to such conditions as the Secretary may prescribe, the Secretary may disclose specified return information to specified ISAC participants to the extent that the Secretary determines such disclosure is in furtherance of effective Federal tax administration relating to the detection or prevention of identity theft tax refund fraud, validation of taxpayer identity, authentication of taxpayer returns, or detection or prevention of cybersecurity threats. ‘‘(B) SPECIFIED ISAC PARTICIPANTS .—For pur poses of this paragraph— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—The term ‘specified ISAC participant’ means— ‘‘(I) any person designated by the Secretary as having primary responsibility for a function performed with respect to the information sharing and analysis center described in section 2003(a) of the Taxpayer First Act of 2018, and ‘‘(II) any person subject to the requirements of section 7216 and which is a participant in such information sharing and analysis center. ‘‘(ii) INFORMATION SHARING AGREEMENT .— Such term shall not include any person unless such person has entered into a written agreement with the Secretary setting forth the terms and conditions for the disclosure of information to such person under this paragraph, including requirements regarding the protection and safeguarding of such information by such person. ‘‘(C) SPECIFIED RETURN INFORMATION .—For purposes of this paragraph, the term ‘specified return information’ means— ‘‘(i) in the case of a return which is in connection with a case of potential identity theft refund fraud— ‘‘(I) in the case of such return filed electronically, the internet protocol address, device identification, email domain name, speed of completion, method of authentication, refund method, and such other return information related to the electronic filing characteristics of such return as the Secretary may identify for purposes of this subclause, and ‘‘(II) in the case of such return prepared by a tax return preparer, identifying information with respect to such tax return preparer, including the preparer taxpayer identification number and electronic filer identification number of such preparer, ‘‘(ii) in the case of a return which is in connection with a case of a identity theft refund fraud which has been confirmed by the Secretary (pursuant to such procedures as the Secretary may provide), the information referred to in subclauses (I) and (II) of clause (i), the name and taxpayer identification number of the taxpayer as it appears on the return, and any bank account and routing information provided for making a refund in connection with such return, and ‘‘(iii) in the case of any cybersecurity threat to the Internal Revenue Service, information similar to the information described in subclauses (I) and (II) of clause (i) with respect to such threat. ‘‘(D) RESTRICTION ON USE OF DISCLOSED IN FORMATION .— ‘‘(i) DESIGNATED THIRD PARTIES .—Any return information received by a person described in subparagraph (B)(i)(I) shall be used only for the purposes of and to the extent necessary in— ‘‘(I) performing the function such person is designated to perform under such subparagraph, ‘‘(II) facilitating disclosures authorized under subparagraph (A) to persons described in subparagraph (B)(i)(II), and ‘‘(III) facilitating disclosures authorized under subsection (d) to participants in such information sharing and analysis center. ‘‘(ii) RETURN PREPARERS .—Any return information received by a person described in subparagraph (B)(i)(II) shall be treated for purposes of section 7216 as information furnished to such person for, or in connection with, the preparation of a return of the tax imposed under chapter 1. ‘‘(E) DATA PROTECTION AND SAFEGUARDS .—Re turn information disclosed under this paragraph shall be subject to such protections and safeguards as the Secretary may require in regulations or other guidance or in the written agreement referred to in subparagraph (B)(ii). Such written agreement shall include a requirement that any unauthorized access to information disclosed under this paragraph, and any breach of any system in which such information is held, be reported to the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration.’’. (2) APPLICATION OF CIVIL AND CRIMINAL PEN ALTIES .— (A) Section 6103(a)(3), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘or (13)’’ and inserting ‘‘(13), or (14)’’. 
(B) Section 7213(a)(2), as amended by this Act, is amended by striking ‘‘or (13)’’ and inserting ‘‘(13), or (14)’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6103(p) is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(9) DISCLOSURE TO CONTRACTORS AND OTHER  
AGENTS .—Notwithstanding any other provision of this section, no return or return information shall be disclosed to any contractor or other agent of a Federal, State, or local agency unless such agency, to the satisfaction of the Secretary— ‘‘(A) has requirements in effect which require each such contractor or other agent which would have access to returns or return information to provide safeguards (within the meaning of paragraph (4)) to protect the confidentiality of such returns or return information, ‘‘(B) agrees to conduct an onsite review every 3 years (or a midpoint review in the case of contracts or agreements of less than 3 years in duration) of each contractor or other agent to determine compliance with such requirements, ‘‘(C) submits the findings of the most recent review conducted under subparagraph (B) to the Secretary as part of the report required by paragraph (4)(E), and ‘‘(D) certifies to the Secretary for the most recent annual period that such contractor or other agent is in compliance with all such requirements. The certification required by subparagraph (D) shall include the name and address of each contractor or other agent, a description of the contract or agreement with such contractor or other agent, and the duration of such contract or agreement. The requirements of this paragraph shall not apply to disclosures pursuant to subsection (n) for purposes of Federal tax administration.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Section 6103(p)(8)(B) is amended by inserting ‘‘or paragraph (9)’’ after ‘‘subparagraph (A)’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to disclosures made after December 31, 2022. 
Not later than 2 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate), in coordination with the Bureau of Fiscal Service and the Internal Revenue Service, and in consultation with private sector financial institutions, shall submit a written report to Congress describing how the government can utilize new payment platforms to increase the number of tax refunds paid by electronic funds transfer. Such report shall weigh the interests of reducing identity theft tax refund fraud, reducing the Federal Government’s costs in delivering tax refunds, the costs and any associated fees charged to taxpayers (including monthly and pointofservice fees) to access their tax refunds, the impact on individuals who do not have access to financial accounts or institutions, and ensuring payments are made to accounts at a financial institution that complies with section 21 of the Federal Deposit Insurance Act, chapter 2 of title I of Public Law 91–508, and subchapter II of chapter 53 of title 31, United States Code (commonly referred to collectively as the ‘‘Bank Secrecy Act’’) and the USA PATRIOT Act. Such report shall include any legislative recommendations necessary to accomplish these goals. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subject to subsection (b), the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate (hereafter referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall establish a program to issue, upon the request of any individual, a number which may be used in connection with such individual’s social security number (or other identifying information with respect to such individual as determined by the Secretary) to assist the Secretary in verifying such individual’s identity. (b) REQUIREMENTS .— (1) ANNUAL EXPANSION .—For each calendar year beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall provide numbers through the program described in subsection (a) to individuals residing in such States as the Secretary deems appropriate, provided that the total number of States served by such program during such year is greater than the total number of States served by such program during the preceding year. (2) NATIONWIDE AVAILABILITY .—Not later than 5 years after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall ensure that the program described in subsection (a) is made available to any individual residing in the United States. 
SEC. 2007. SINGLE POINT OF CONTACT FOR TAX RELATED IDENTITY THEFT VICTIMS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall establish and implement procedures to ensure that any taxpayer whose return has been delayed or otherwise adversely affected due to taxrelated identity theft has a single point of contact at the Internal Revenue Service throughout the processing of the taxpayer’s case. The single point of contact shall track the taxpayer’s case to completion and coordinate with other Internal Revenue Service employees to resolve case issues as quickly as possible. (b) SINGLE POINT OF CONTACT .— (1) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of subsection (a), the single point of contact shall consist of a team or subset of specially trained employees who— (A) have the ability to work across functions to resolve the issues involved in the taxpayer’s case; and (B) shall be accountable for handling the case until its resolution. (2) TEAM OR SUBSET .—The employees included within the team or subset described in paragraph (1) may change as required to meet the needs of the Internal Revenue Service, provided that procedures have been established to— (A) ensure continuity of records and case history; and (B) notify the taxpayer when appropriate. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Chapter 77 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘(a) I NGENERAL .—If the Secretary determines that there has been or may have been an unauthorized use of the identity of any individual, the Secretary shall, without jeopardizing an investigation relating to tax administration— ‘‘(1) as soon as practicable, notify the individual of such determination and provide— ‘‘(A) instructions on how to file a report with law enforcement regarding the unauthorized use of the identity of the individual, ‘‘(B) the identification of any forms necessary for the individual to complete and submit to law enforcement to permit access to personal information of the individual during the investigation, ‘‘(C) information regarding actions the individual may take in order to protect the individual from harm relating to such unauthorized use, and ‘‘(D) an offer of identity protection measures to be provided to the individual by the Internal Revenue Service, such as the use of an identity protection personal identification number, and ‘‘(2) at the time the information described in paragraph (1) is provided (or, if not available at such time, as soon as practicable thereafter), issue additional notifications to such individual (or such individual’s designee) regarding— ‘‘(A) whether an investigation has been initiated in regards to such unauthorized use, ‘‘(B) whether the investigation substantiated an unauthorized use of the identity of the individual, and ‘‘(C) whether— ‘‘(i) any action has been taken against a person relating to such unauthorized use, or ‘‘(ii) any referral has been made for criminal prosecution of such person and, to the extent such information is available, whether such person has been criminally charged by indictment or information. ‘‘(b) EMPLOYMENT RELATED IDENTITY  THEFT.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of this section, the unauthorized use of the identity of an individual includes the unauthorized use of the identity of the individual to obtain employment. ‘‘(2) DETERMINATION OF EMPLOYMENT RELATED IDENTITY THEFT .—For purposes of this section, in making a determination as to whether there has been or may have been an unauthorized use of the identity of an individual to obtain employment, the Secretary shall review any information— ‘‘(A) obtained from a statement described in section 6051 or an information return relating to compensation for services rendered other than as an employee, or ‘‘(B) provided to the Internal Revenue Service by the Social Security Administration regarding any statement described in section 6051, which indicates that the social security account number provided on such statement or information return does not correspond with the name provided on such statement or information return or the name on the tax return reporting the income which is included on such statement or information return.’’. (b) ADDITIONAL MEASURES .— (1) EXAMINATION OF BOTH PAPER AND ELEC TRONIC STATEMENTS AND RETURNS .—The Sec retary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall examine the statements, information returns, and tax returns described in section 7529(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as added by subsection (a)) for any evidence of employmentrelated identity theft, regardless of whether such statements or returns are submitted electronically or on paper. (2) IMPROVEMENT OF EFFECTIVE RETURN PROC ESSING PROGRAM WITH SOCIAL SECURITY ADMINIS TRATION .—Section 232 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 432) is amended by inserting after the third sentence the following: ‘‘For purposes of carrying out the return processing program described in the preceding sentence, the Commissioner of Social Security shall request, not less than annually, such information described in section 7529(b)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 as may be necessary to ensure the accuracy of the records maintained by the Commissioner of Social Security related to the amounts of wages paid to, and the amounts of selfemployment income derived by, individuals.’’. (3) UNDERREPORTING OF INCOME .—The Sec retary (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall establish procedures to ensure that income reported in connection with the unauthorized use of a taxpayer’s identity is not taken into account in determining any penalty for underreporting of income by the victim of identity theft. (c) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for chapter 77 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 7529. Notification of suspected identity theft.’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to determinations made after the date that is 6 months after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 2009. GUIDELINES FOR STOLEN IDENTITY REFUND FRAUD CASES. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary (or the Secretary’s delegate), in consultation with the National Taxpayer Advocate, shall develop and implement publicly available guidelines for management of cases involving stolen 
identity refund fraud in a manner that reduces the administrative burden on taxpayers who are victims of such fraud. (b) STANDARDS AND PROCEDURES TOBECONSIDERED .—The guidelines described in subsection (a) may include— (1) standards for— (A) the average length of time in which a case involving stolen identity refund fraud should be resolved; (B) the maximum length of time, on average, a taxpayer who is a victim of stolen identity refund fraud and is entitled to a tax refund which has been stolen should have to wait to receive such refund; and (C) the maximum number of offices and employees within the Internal Revenue Service with whom a taxpayer who is a victim of stolen identity refund fraud should be required to interact in order to resolve a case; (2) standards for opening, assigning, reassigning, or closing a case involving stolen identity refund fraud; and (3) procedures for implementing and accomplishing the standards described in paragraphs (1) and (2), and measures for evaluating such procedures and determining whether such standards have been successfully implemented. 
SEC. 2010. INCREASED PENALTY FOR IMPROPER DISCLOSURE OR USE OF INFORMATION BY PREPARERS OF RETURNS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6713 is amended— (1) by redesignating subsections (b) and (c) as subsections (c) and (d), respectively; and (2) by inserting after subsection (a) the following new subsection: ‘‘(b) ENHANCED PENALTY FOR IMPROPER USE 
ORDISCLOSURE RELATING TO IDENTITY THEFT.— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—In the case of a disclosure or use described in subsection (a) that is made in connection with a crime relating to the misappropriation of another person’s taxpayer identity (as defined in section 6103(b)(6)), whether or not such crime involves any tax filing, subsection (a) shall be applied— ‘‘(A) by substituting ‘$1,000’ for ‘$250’, and ‘‘(B) by substituting ‘$50,000’ for ‘$10,000’. ‘‘(2) SEPARATE APPLICATION OF TOTAL PEN ALTY LIMITATION .—The limitation on the total amount of the penalty under subsection (a) shall be applied separately with respect to disclosures or uses to which this subsection applies and to which it does not apply.’’. (b) CRIMINAL PENALTY .—Section 7216(a) is amended by striking ‘‘$1,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$1,000 ($100,000 in the case of a disclosure or use to which section 6713(b) applies)’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to disclosures or uses on or after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Development of Information Technology 
SEC. 2101. MANAGEMENT OF INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY. 
(a) D UTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES OF INTERNAL  REVENUE SERVICE CHIEF INFORMATION OFFICER.—Section 7803, as amended by section 1001, is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(f) INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE CHIEF INFOR MATION OFFICER .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—There shall be in the Internal Revenue Service an Internal Revenue Service Chief Information Officer (hereafter referred to in this subsection as the ‘IRS CIO’) who shall be appointed by the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service. ‘‘(2) CENTRALIZED RESPONSIBILITY FOR INTER NAL REVENUE SERVICE INFORMATION TECH NOLOGY .—The Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service (and the Secretary) shall act through the IRS CIO with respect to all development, implementation, and maintenance of information technology for the Internal Revenue Service. Any reference in this subsection to the IRS CIO which directs the IRS CIO to take any action, or to assume any responsibility, shall be treated as a reference to the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service acting through the IRS CIO. ‘‘(3) GENERAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES .— The IRS CIO shall— ‘‘(A) be responsible for the development, implementation, and maintenance of information technology for the Internal Revenue Service, ‘‘(B) ensure that the information technology of the Internal Revenue Service is secure and integrated, ‘‘(C) maintain operational control of all information technology for the Internal Revenue Service, ‘‘(D) be the principal advocate for the information technology needs of the Internal Revenue Service, and ‘‘(E) consult with the Chief Procurement Officer of the Internal Revenue Service to ensure that the information technology acquired for the Internal Revenue Service is consistent with— ‘‘(i) the goals and requirements specified in subparagraphs (A) through (D), and ‘‘(ii) the strategic plan developed under paragraph (4). ‘‘(4) STRATEGIC PLAN .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The IRS CIO shall develop and implement a multiyear strategic plan for the information technology needs of the Internal Revenue Service. Such plan shall— ‘‘(i) include performance measurements of such technology and of the implementation of such plan, ‘‘(ii) include a plan for an integrated enterprise architecture of the information technology of the Internal Revenue Service, ‘‘(iii) include and take into account the resources needed to accomplish such plan, ‘‘(iv) take into account planned major acquisitions of information technology by the Internal Revenue Service, including Customer Account Data Engine 2 and the Enterprise Case Management System, and ‘‘(v) align with the needs and strategic plan of the Internal Revenue Service. ‘‘(B) PLAN UPDATES .—The IRS CIO shall, not less frequently than annually, review and update the strategic plan under subparagraph (A) (including the plan for an integrated enterprise architecture described in subparagraph (A)(ii)) to take into account the development of new information technology and the needs of the Internal Revenue Service. ‘‘(5) SCOPE OF AUTHORITY .— ‘‘(A) INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY .—For pur poses of this subsection, the term ‘information technology’ has the meaning given such term by section 11101 of title 40, United States Code. ‘‘(B) INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE .—Any ref erence in this subsection to the Internal Revenue Service includes a reference to all components of the Internal Revenue Service, including— ‘‘(i) the Office of the Taxpayer Advocate, ‘‘(ii) the Criminal Investigation Division of the Internal Revenue Service, and ‘‘(iii) except as otherwise provided by the Secretary with respect to information technology related to matters described in subsection (b)(3)(B), the Office of the Chief Counsel.’’. (b) INDEPENDENT VERIFICATION AND VALIDA TION OF THE CUSTOMER ACCOUNT DATAENGINE  2 
ANDENTERPRISE CASEMANAGEMENT SYSTEM .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service shall enter into a contract with an independent reviewer to verify and validate the implementation plans (including the performance milestones and cost estimates included in such plans) developed for the Customer Account Data Engine 2 and the Enterprise Case Management System. (2) DEADLINE FOR COMPLETION .—Such contract shall require that such verification and validation be completed not later than the date which is 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act. (3) APPLICATION TO PHASES OF CADE 2 .— (A) IN GENERAL .—Paragraphs (1) and (2) shall not apply to phase 1 of the Customer Account Data Engine 2 and shall apply separately to each other phase. (B) DEADLINE FOR COMPLETING PLANS .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of the Internal Revenue Service shall complete the development of plans for all phases of the Customer Account Data Engine 2. (C) DEADLINE FOR COMPLETION OF  
VERIFICATION AND VALIDATION OF PLANS .—In the case of any phase after phase 2 of the Customer Account Data Engine 2, paragraph (2) shall be applied by substituting ‘‘the date on which the plan for such phase was completed’’ for ‘‘the date of the enactment of this Act’’. (c) COORDINATION OF IRS CIO AND CHIEF PROCUREMENT OFFICER OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE .— (1) IN GENERAL .—The Chief Procurement Officer of the Internal Revenue Service shall— (A) identify all significant IRS information technology acquisitions and provide written notification to the Internal Revenue Service Chief Information Officer (hereafter referred to in this subsection as the ‘‘IRS CIO’’) of each such acquisition in advance of such acquisition, and (B) regularly consult with the IRS CIO regarding acquisitions of information technology for the Internal Revenue Service, including meeting with the IRS CIO regarding such acquisitions upon request. (2) SIGNIFICANT IRS INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY  
ACQUISITIONS .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘‘significant IRS information technology acquisitions’’ means— (A) any acquisition of information technology for the Internal Revenue Service in excess of $1,000,000, and (B) such other acquisitions of information technology for the Internal Revenue Service (or categories of such acquisitions) as the IRS CIO, in consultation with the Chief Procurement Officer of the Internal Revenue Service, may identify. (3) SCOPE.—Terms used in this subsection which are also used in section 7803(f) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 (as amended by subsection (a)) shall have the same meaning as when used in such section. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—The Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate (hereafter referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall— (1) develop secure individualized online accounts to provide services to taxpayers and their designated return preparers, including obtaining taxpayer information, making payment of taxes, sharing documentation, and (to the extent feasible) addressing and correcting issues, and (2) develop a process for the acceptance of tax forms, and supporting documentation, in digital or other electronic format. (b) ELECTRONIC SERVICES TREATED AS SUPPLE MENTAL ; A PPLICATION OF SECURITY STAND ARDS.—The Secretary shall ensure that the processes described in subsection (a)— (1) are a supplement to, and not a replacement for, other services provided by the Internal Revenue Service to taxpayers, including facetoface taxpayer assistance and services provided by phone, and (2) comply with applicable security standards and guidelines. (c) PROCESS FOR DEVELOPING ONLINE ACCOUNTS .— (1) DEVELOPMENT OF PLAN .—Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall submit to Congress a written report describing the Secretary’s plan for developing the secure individualized online accounts described in subsection (a)(1). Such plan shall address the feasibility of taxpayers addressing and correcting issues through such accounts 
and whether access to such accounts should be restricted and in what manner. (2) DEADLINE .—The Secretary shall make every reasonable effort to make the secure individualized online accounts described in subsection (a)(1) available to taxpayers by December 31, 2023. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than January 1, 2023, the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate (hereafter referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall make available an Internet website or other electronic media, with a user interface and functionality similar to the Business Services Online Suite of Services provided by the Social Security Administration, that will provide access to resources and guidance provided by the Internal Revenue Service and will allow persons to— (1) prepare and file Forms 1099, (2) prepare Forms 1099 for distribution to recipients other than the Internal Revenue Service, and (3) maintain a record of completed and submitted Forms 1099. (b) ELECTRONIC SERVICES TREATED AS SUPPLE MENTAL ; A PPLICATION OF SECURITY STAND ARDS.—The Secretary shall ensure that the services described in subsection (a)— (1) are a supplement to, and not a replacement for, other services provided by the Internal Revenue Service to taxpayers, and (2) comply with applicable security standards and guidelines. 
SEC. 2104. STREAMLINED CRITICAL PAY AUTHORITY FOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY POSITIONS. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subchapter A of chapter 80 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7812. STREAMLINED CRITICAL PAY AUTHORITY FOR INFORMATION TECHNOLOGY POSITIONS. 
‘‘In the case of any position which is critical to the functionality of the information technology operations of the Internal Revenue Service— ‘‘(1) section 9503 of title 5, United States Code, shall be applied— ‘‘(A) by substituting ‘during the period beginning on the date of the enactment of section 7812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and ending on September 30, 2023’ for ‘Before September 30, 2013 in subsection (a)’, ‘‘(B) without regard to subparagraph (B) of subsection (a)(1), and ‘‘(C) by substituting ‘the date of the enactment of the Taxpayer First Act of 2018’ for ‘June 1, 1998’ in subsection (a)(6), ‘‘(2) section 9504 of such title 5 shall be applied by substituting ‘During the period beginning on the date of the enactment of section 7812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and ending on September 30, 2023’ for ‘Before September 30, 2013’ each place it appears in subsections (a) and (b), and ‘‘(3) section 9505 of such title shall be applied— ‘‘(A) by substituting ‘During the period beginning on the date of the enactment of section 7812 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, and ending on September 30, 2023’ for ‘Before September 30, 2013’ in subsection (a), and ‘‘(B) by substituting ‘the information technology operations’ for ‘significant functions’ in subsection (a).’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for subchapter A of chapter 80 is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 7812. Streamlined critical pay authority for information technology positions.’’. Subtitle C—Modernization of Consentbased Income Verification System SEC. 2201. DISCLOSURE OF TAXPAYER INFORMATION FOR THIRDPARTY INCOME VERIFICATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Not later than 1 year after the close of the 2year period described in subsection (d)(1), the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate (hereafter referred to in this section as the ‘‘Secretary’’) shall implement a program to ensure that any qualified disclosure— (1) is fully automated and accomplished through the Internet, and (2) is accomplished in as close to realtime as is practicable. (b) QUALIFIED DISCLOSURE .—For purposes of this section, the term ‘‘qualified disclosure’’ means a disclosure under section 6103(c) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 of returns or return information by the Secretary to a person seeking to verify the income or creditworthiness of a taxpayer who is a borrower in the process of a loan application. (c) APPLICATION OF SECURITY STANDARDS .— The Secretary shall ensure that the program described in subsection (a) complies with applicable security standards and guidelines. (d) USERFEE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—During the 2year period beginning on the first day of the 6th calendar month beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary shall assess and collect a fee for qualified disclosures (in addition to any other fee assessed and collected for such disclosures) at such rates as the Secretary determines are sufficient to cover the costs related to implementing the program described in subsection (a), including the costs of any necessary infrastructure or technology. (2) DEPOSIT OF COLLECTIONS .—Amounts received from fees assessed and collected under paragraph (1) shall be deposited in, and credited to, an account solely for the purpose of carrying out the activities described in subsection (a). Such amounts shall be available to carry out such activities without need of further appropriation and without fiscal year limitation. 
SEC. 2202. LIMIT REDISCLOSURES AND USES OF CONSENTBASED DISCLOSURES OF TAX RETURN INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6103(c) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Persons designated by the taxpayer under this subsection to receive return information shall not use the information for any purpose other than the express purpose for which consent was granted and shall not disclose return information to any other person without the express permission of, or request by, the taxpayer.’’. (b) APPLICATION OF PENALTIES .—Section 6103(a)(3) is amended by inserting ‘‘subsection (c),’’ after ‘‘return information under’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to disclosures made after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle D—Expanded Use of Electronic Systems 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6011(e)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘250’’ and inserting ‘‘the applicable number of’’. (b) APPLICABLE NUMBER .—Section 6011(e) is amended by striking paragraph (5) and inserting the following new paragraphs: ‘‘(5) APPLICABLE NUMBER .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—For purposes of paragraph (2)(A), the applicable number shall be— ‘‘(i) except as provided in subparagraph (B), in the case of calendar years before 2020, 250, ‘‘(ii) in the case of calendar year 2020, 100, and ‘‘(iii) in the case of calendar years after 2020, 10. ‘‘(B) SPECIAL RULE FOR PARTNERSHIPS FOR 2018  
AND 2019 .—In the case of a partnership, for any calendar year before 2020, the applicable number shall be— ‘‘(i) in the case of calendar year 2018, 200, and ‘‘(ii) in the case of calendar year 2019, 150. ‘‘(6) PARTNERSHIPS REQUIRED TO FILE ON MAG NETIC MEDIA .—Notwithstanding paragraph (2)(A), the Secretary shall require partnerships having more than 100 partners to file returns on magnetic media.’’. (c) RETURNS FILED BY A TAXRETURN PREPARER .—Section 6011(e)(3) is amended by adding at the end the following new subparagraph: ‘‘(D) EXCEPTION FOR CERTAIN PREPARERS LO CATED IN AREAS WITHOUT INTERNET ACCESS .— The Secretary may waive the requirement of subparagraph (A) if the Secretary determines, on the basis of an application by the tax return preparer, that the preparer cannot meet such requirement by reason of being located in a geographic area which does not have access to internet service (other than dialup or satellite service).’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall take effect on the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 2302. UNIFORM STANDARDS FOR THE USE OF ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES FOR DISCLOSURE AUTHORIZATIONS TO, AND OTHER AUTHORIZATIONS OF, PRACTITIONERS. 
Section 6061(b)(3) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) PUBLISHED GUIDANCE .— ‘‘(A) IN GENERAL .—The Secretary shall publish guidance as appropriate to define and implement any waiver of the signature requirements or any method adopted under paragraph (1). ‘‘(B) ELECTRONIC SIGNATURES FOR DISCLOSURE  
AUTHORIZATIONS TO , AND OTHER AUTHORIZA TIONS OF , PRACTITIONERS .—Not later than 6 months after the date of the enactment of this subparagraph, the Secretary shall publish guidance to establish uniform standards and procedures for the acceptance of taxpayers’ signatures appearing in electronic form with respect to any request for disclosure of a taxpayer’s return or return information under section 6103(c) to a practitioner or any power of attorney granted by a taxpayer to a practitioner. ‘‘(C) PRACTITIONER .—For purposes of subparagraph (B), the term ‘practitioner’ means any individual in good standing who is regulated under section 330 of title 31, United States Code.’’. 
SEC. 2303. PAYMENT OF TAXES BY DEBIT AND CREDIT CARDS. 
Section 6311(d)(2) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘The preceding sentence shall not apply to the extent that the Secretary ensures that any such fee or other consideration is fully recouped by the Secretary in the form of fees paid to the Secretary by persons paying taxes imposed under subtitle A with credit, debit, or charge cards pursuant to such contract. Notwithstanding the preceding sentence, the Secretary shall seek to minimize the amount of any fee or other consideration that the Secretary pays under any such contract.’’. 
SEC. 2304. REQUIREMENT THAT ELECTRONICALLY PREPARED PAPER RETURNS INCLUDE SCANNABLE CODE. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 6011, as amended by this Act, is amended by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(7) SPECIAL RULE FOR RETURNS PREPARED  
ELECTRONICALLY AND SUBMITTED ON PAPER .— The Secretary shall require that any return of tax which is prepared electronically, but is printed and filed on paper, bear a code which can, when scanned, convert such return to electronic format.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (1) of section 6011(e) is amended by striking ‘‘paragraph (3)’’ and inserting ‘‘paragraphs (3) and (7)’’. (c) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendments made by this section shall apply to returns of tax the due date for which (determined without regard to extensions) is after December 31, 2020. 
SEC. 2305. AUTHENTICATION OF USERS OF ELECTRONIC SERVICES ACCOUNTS. 
Beginning 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Treasury (or the Secretary’s delegate) shall verify the identity of any individual opening an eServices account with the Internal Revenue Service before such individual is able to use the eServices tools. Subtitle E—Other Provisions 
SEC. 2401. REPEAL OF PROVISION REGARDING CERTAIN TAX COMPLIANCE PROCEDURES AND REPORTS. 
Section 2004 of the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 (26 U.S.C. 6012 note) is repealed. 
Not later than 1 year after the date of the enactment of this Act, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue shall submit to Congress a written report providing a comprehensive training strategy for employees of the Internal Revenue Service, including— (1) a plan to streamline current training processes, including an assessment of the utility of further consolidating internal training programs, technology, and funding, (2) a plan to develop annual training regarding taxpayer rights, including the role of the Office of the Taxpayer Advocate, for employees that interface with taxpayers and their managers, (3) a plan to improve technologybased training, (4) proposals to— (A) focus employee training on early, fair, and efficient resolution of taxpayer disputes for employees that interface with taxpayers and their managers, and (B) ensure consistency of skill development and employee evaluation throughout the Internal Revenue Service, and (5) a thorough assessment of the funding necessary to implement such strategy. TITLE III—MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS Subtitle A—Reform of Laws Governing Internal Revenue Service Employees 
(a) R ETENTION OF RECORDS .— (1) IN GENERAL .—Email records of the Internal Revenue Service shall be retained in an appropriate electronic system that supports records management and litigation requirements, including the capability to identify, retrieve, and retain the records, in accordance with the requirements described in paragraph (2). (2) REQUIREMENTS .— (A) PRIOR TO CERTIFICATION .—The Commissioner of Internal Revenue and the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service shall retain all email records generated on or after the date of the enactment of this Act and before the date on which the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration makes the certification under subsection (c)(1). (B) PRINCIPAL OFFICERS AND SPECIFIED EM PLOYEES .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service shall maintain email records of all principal officers and specified employees of the Internal Revenue Service for a period of not less than 15 years beginning on the date such record was generated. (b) TRANSMISSION OF RECORDS TO THE NATIONAL ARCHIVES .—Not later than 15 years after the date on which an email record of a principal officer or specified employee of the Internal Revenue Service is generated, the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service shall transfer such email record to the Archivist of the United States. (c) COMPLIANCE .— (1) CERTIFICATION .—On the date that the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration determines that the Internal Revenue Service has a program in place that complies with the requirements of subsections (a)(2)(B) and (b), the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration shall certify to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate that the Internal Revenue Service is in compliance with such requirements. (2) REPORTS .— (A) INTERIM REPORT .—Not later than December 31, 2019, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration shall submit a report to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate on the steps being taken by the Commissioner of Internal Revenue and the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service to comply with the requirements of subsections (a)(2)(B) and (b). (B) FINAL REPORT .—Not later than April 1, 2020, the Treasury Inspector General for Tax Administration shall submit a report to the Committee on Ways and Means of the House of Representatives and the Committee on Finance of the Senate describing whether the Internal Revenue Service is in compliance with the requirements of subsections (a)(2)(B) and (b). (d) DEFINITIONS .—For purposes of this section— (1) PRINCIPAL OFFICER .—The term ‘‘principal officer’’ means, with respect to the Internal Revenue Service— (A) any employee whose position is listed under the Internal Revenue Service in the most recent version of the United States Government Manual published by the Office of the Federal Register; (B) any employee who is a senior staff member reporting directly to the Commissioner of Internal Revenue or the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service; and (C) any associate counsel, deputy counsel, or division head in the Office of the Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service. (2) SPECIFIED EMPLOYEE .—The term ‘‘specified employee’’ means, with respect to the Internal Revenue Service, any employee who— (A) holds a Senior Executive Service position (as defined in section 3132 of title 5, United States Code) in the Internal Revenue Service or the Office of Chief Counsel for the Internal Revenue Service; and (B) is not a principal officer of the Internal Revenue Service. 
SEC. 3002. PROHIBITION ON REHIRING ANY EMPLOYEE OF THE INTERNAL REVENUE SERVICE WHO WAS INVOLUNTARILY SEPARATED FROM SERVICE FOR MISCONDUCT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7804 is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(d) PROHIBITION ON REHIRING EMPLOYEES INVOLUNTARILY SEPARATED .—The Commissioner may not hire any individual previously employed by the Commissioner who was removed for misconduct under this subchapter or chapter 43 or chapter 75 of title 5, United States Code, or whose employment was terminated under section 1203 of the Internal Revenue Service Restructuring and Reform Act of 1998 (26 U.S.C. 7804 note).’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by subsection (a) shall apply with respect to the hiring of employees after the date of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3003. NOTIFICATION OF UNAUTHORIZED INSPECTION OR DISCLOSURE OF RETURNS AND RETURN INFORMATION. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Subsection (e) of section 7431 is amended by adding at the end the following new sentences: ‘‘The Secretary shall also notify such taxpayer if the Internal Revenue Service or a Federal or State agency (upon notice to the Secretary by such Federal or State agency) proposes an administrative determination as to disciplinary or adverse action against an employee arising from the employee’s unauthorized inspection or disclosure of the taxpayer’s return or return information. The notice described in this subsection shall include the date of the unauthorized inspection or disclosure and the rights of the taxpayer under such administrative determination.’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to determinations proposed after the date which is 180 days after the date of the enactment of this Act. Subtitle B—Provisions Relating to Exempt Organizations 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6033 is amended by redesignating subsection (n) as subsection (o) and by inserting after subsection (m) the following new subsection: ‘‘(n) MANDATORY ELECTRONIC FILING .—Any organization required to file a return under this section shall file such return in electronic form.’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—Paragraph (7) of section 527(j) is amended by striking ‘‘if the organization has’’ and all that follows through ‘‘such calendar year’’. (c) INSPECTION OF ELECTRONICALLY FILED ANNUAL RETURNS .—Subsection (b) of section 6104 is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘Any annual return required to be filed electronically under section 6033(n) shall be made available by the Secretary to the public as soon as practicable in a machine readable format.’’. (d) EFFECTIVE DATE.— (1) IN GENERAL .—Except as provided in paragraph (2), the amendments made by this section shall apply to taxable years beginning after the date of the enactment of this Act. (2) TRANSITIONAL RELIEF .— (A) SMALL ORGANIZATIONS .— (i) IN GENERAL .—In the case of any small organizations, or any other organizations for which the Secretary of the Treasury or the Secretary’s delegate (hereafter referred to in this paragraph as the ‘‘Secretary’’) determines the application of the amendments made by this section would cause undue burden without a delay, the Secretary may delay the application of such amendments, but such delay shall not apply to any taxable year beginning on or after the date 2 years after of the enactment of this Act. (ii) SMALL ORGANIZATION .—For purposes of clause (i), the term ‘‘small organization’’ means any organization— (I) the gross receipts of which for the taxable year are less than $200,000; and (II) the aggregate gross assets of which at the end of the taxable year are less than $500,000. (B) ORGANIZATIONS FILING FORM 990–T.—In the case of any organization described in section 511(a)(2) of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 which is subject to the tax imposed by section 511(a)(1) of such Code on its unrelated business taxable income, or any organization required to file a return under section 6033 of such Code and include information under subsection (e) thereof, the Secretary may delay the application of the amendments made by this section, but such delay shall not apply to any taxable year beginning on or after the date 2 years after of the enactment of this Act. 
SEC. 3102. NOTICE REQUIRED BEFORE REVOCATION OF TAX EXEMPT STATUS FOR FAILURE TO FILE RETURN. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 6033(j)(1) is amended by striking ‘‘If an organization’’ and inserting the following: ‘‘(A) NOTICE .— ‘‘(i) IN GENERAL .—After an organization described in subsection (a)(1) or (i) fails to file the annual return or notice required under either subsection for 2 consecutive years, the Secretary shall notify the organization— ‘‘(I) that the Internal Revenue Service has no record of such a return or notice from such organization for 2 consecutive years, and 
‘‘(II) about the revocation that will occur under subparagraph (B) if the organization fails to file such a return or notice by the due date for the next such return or notice required to be filed. The notification under the preceding sentence shall include information about how to comply with the filing requirements under subsection (a)(1) and (i). ‘‘(B) REVOCATION .—If an organization’’. (b) EFFECTIVE DATE.—The amendment made by this section shall apply to failures to file returns or notices for 2 consecutive years if the return or notice for the second year is required to be filed after December 31, 2018. Subtitle C—Tax Court 
SEC. 3301. DISQUALIFICATION OF JUDGE OR MAGISTRATE JUDGE OF THE TAX COURT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Part II of subchapter C of chapter 76 is amended by adding at the end the following new section: 
‘‘SEC. 7467. DISQUALIFICATION OF JUDGE OR MAGISTRATE JUDGE OF THE TAX COURT. 
‘‘Section 455 of title 28, United States Code, shall apply to judges and magistrate judges of the Tax Court and to proceedings of the Tax Court.’’. (b) CLERICAL AMENDMENT .—The table of sections for such part is amended by adding at the end the following new item: ‘‘Sec. 7467. Disqualification of judge or magistrate judge of the Tax Court.’’. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7459 is amended by striking all the precedes subsection (c) and inserting the following: 
‘‘(a) R EQUIREMENT .—An opinion upon any proceeding instituted before the Tax Court and a judgment thereon shall be made as quickly as practicable. The judgment shall be made by a judge in accordance with the opinion of the Tax Court, and such judgment so made shall, when entered, be the judgment of the Tax Court. ‘‘(b) INCLUSION OF FINDINGS OF FACT IN OPINION.—It shall be the duty of the Tax Court and of each division to include in its opinion or memorandum opinion upon any proceeding, its findings of fact. The Tax Court shall issue in writing all of its findings of fact, opinions, and memorandum opinions. Subject to such conditions as the Tax Court may by rule provide, the requirements of this subsection and of section 7460 are met if findings of fact or opinion are stated orally and recorded in the transcript of the proceedings.’’. (b) REFERENCES .—Section 7459 is amended by redesignating subsection (g) as subsection (h) and by inserting after subsection (f) the following new subsection: ‘‘(g) REFERENCES .—Any reference in this title to a decision or report of the Tax Court shall be treated as a reference to a judgment or opinion of the Tax Court, respectively.’’. (c) CONFORMING AMENDMENT .—The item relating to section 7459 in the table of sections for part II of subchapter C of chapter 76 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 7459. Opinions and judgments.’’. (d) CONTINUING EFFECT OF LEGAL DOCUMENTS .—All orders, decisions, reports, rules, permits, agreements, grants, contracts, certificates, licenses, registrations, privileges, and other administrative actions, in connection with the Tax Court, which are in effect at the time this section takes effect, or were final before the effective date of this section and are to become effective on or after the effective date of this section, shall continue in effect according to their terms until modified, terminated, superseded, set aside, or revoked in accordance with law by the Tax Court. 
SEC. 3303. TITLE OF SPECIAL TRIAL JUDGE CHANGED TO MAGISTRATE JUDGE OF THE TAX COURT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 7443A is amended— (1) by striking ‘‘special trial judges’’ in subsections (a) and (e) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judges of the Tax Court’’, (2) by striking ‘‘special trial judges of the court’’ in subsection (b) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judges of the Tax Court’’, and (3) by striking ‘‘special trial judge’’ in subsections (c) and (d) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge of the Tax Court’’. (b) CONFORMING AMENDMENTS .— (1) The heading of section 7443A is amended by striking ‘‘
MAGISTRATE JUDGES OF THE TAX COURT ’’. (2) The heading of section 7443A(b) is amended by striking ‘‘SPECIAL TRIAL JUDGES ’’ and in serting ‘‘MAGISTRATE JUDGES OF THE TAX COURT ’’. (3) The item relating to section 7443A in the table of sections for part I of subchapter C of chapter 76 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 7443A. Magistrate judges of the Tax Court.’’. (4) The heading of section 7448 is amended by striking ‘‘
MAGISTRATE JUDGES OF THE TAX COURT ’’. (5) Section 7448 is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘special trial judge’s’’ each place it appears in subsections (a)(6), (c)(1), (d), and (m)(1) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge of the Tax Court’s’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘special trial judge’’ each place it appears other than in subsection (n) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge of the Tax Court’’. (6) Section 7448(n) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘special trial judge which are allowable’’ and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge of the Tax Court which are allowable’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘special trial judge of the Tax Court’’ both places it appears and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge of the Tax Court’’. (7) The heading of section 7448(b)(2) is amended by striking ‘‘SPECIAL TRIAL JUDGES ’’ and in serting ‘‘MAGISTRATE JUDGES OF THE TAX  
COURT ’’. (8) The item relating to section 7448 in the table of sections for part I of subchapter C of chapter 76 is amended to read as follows: ‘‘Sec. 7448. Annuities to surviving spouses and dependent children of judges and magistrate judges of the Tax Court.’’. (9) Section 7456(a) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘special trial judge’’ each place it appears and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘(or by the clerk’’ and inserting ‘‘of the Tax Court (or by the clerk’’. (10) Section 7466(a) is amended by striking ‘‘special trial judge’’ and inserting ‘‘magistrate judge’’. (11) Section 7470A is amended by striking ‘‘special trial judges’’ both places it appears in subsections (a) and (b) and inserting ‘‘magistrate judges’’. (12) Section 7471(a)(2)(A) is amended by striking ‘‘special trial judges’’ and inserting ‘‘magistrate judges’’. (13) Section 7471(c) is amended— (A) by striking ‘‘SPECIAL TRIAL JUDGES ’’ in the heading and inserting ‘‘MAGISTRATE JUDGES  
OF THE TAXCOURT ’’, and (B) by striking ‘‘special trial judges’’ and inserting ‘‘magistrate judges’’. 
SEC. 3304. REPEAL OF DEADWOOD RELATED TO BOARD OF TAX APPEALS. 
(a) Section 7459, as amended by this Act, is amended by striking subsection (f) and by redesignating subsections (g) and (h) as subsections (f) and (g), respectively. (b) Section 7447(a)(3) is amended to read as follows: ‘‘(3) In any determination of length of service as judge or as a judge of the Tax Court of the United States there shall be included all periods (whether or not consecutive) during which an individual served as judge.’’. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Ways and Means. The gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ) and the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. NEAL) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas. 
Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on the bill that is currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Texas? There was no objection. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of this important tax and oversight legislation. This bill has key timely components, each of which will help our economy continue moving in the right direction and provide help to families and communities damaged by disaster. First, I think it is simply irresponsible to wait until next year to deliver crucial tax relief for families in 14 States and territories who are struggling today to recover from this year’s devastating wildfires, hurricanes, flooding, earthquakes, and other severe storms. California alone, 17,000 structures destroyed; nearly 90 lives lost throughout the Carolinas; throughout these other States, so many families waiting to hear from Congress that they will receive relief now and not next year. Both parties need to come together to help these communities rebuild, and rebuild today. This bill allows disaster victims to immediately access funds from their retirement accounts to begin their home rebuilding. It ensures losses from these disasters are immediately deductible and helps small businesses keep their workers on the payroll, even when their operations have been interrupted by these severe storms and wildfires. Together, we can, we will, and we should help these communities rebuild today. Secondly, working with the Senate, we have reached common ground on important retirement savings reforms. The House version of this bill already passed with many Democrats’ votes. These reforms will help families save more throughout their lives, start saving earlier, while also helping our small businesses offer retirement plans to their valued workers. This bill includes bold redesigns and restructuring of the Internal Revenue Service, the first bipartisan reforms to that agency in nearly two decades. Working together, Republicans and Democrats in the House passed this redesign package 414–0 earlier this year. 
It is time now to send these reforms to the President’s desk to ensure that the IRS is an agency truly focused on quality taxpayer service. We are also offering bipartisan tax relief from some of ObamaCare’s most damaging, harmful, and egregious taxes. Specifically, this bill provides relief from the Cadillac tax that punishes companies that provide good healthcare to their workers, the medical device tax that has chased thousands of jobs overseas, and relief from the health insurance tax and the tanning tax. These harmful taxes stifle innovation, reduce jobs, and increase the cost of families’ health insurance. This package also makes good progress on two temporary tax provisions that expired at the beginning of this year. Temporary tax policy is hardly ever good tax policy. We have an opportunity here to set a new tone for how we treat these temporary tax extenders moving forward. Additionally, in this bill, we proactively eliminate any potential uncertainty for our churches and community groups so nothing distracts them from their core mission. We have included a small number of straightforward, timesensitive technical corrections to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act. Technical corrections, as we know, are normal and traditional with any big piece of legislation, especially with rewriting the Tax Code. These small tweaks are important and will ensure our new Tax Code works as intended, to grow the economy and increase wages for middleclass families. I urge all my colleagues to support these measures so we can send this important legislation to the Senate soon. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I recall this very quaint time when some of us arrived in Congress when the legislative session would wind down. There would always be this stellar photograph of the Speaker of the House and the Republican leaders and the Democratic leaders and the Republican and Democratic leaders in the United States Senate, who would be photographed on the front page of most major dailies on the phone speaking to the President of the United States, regardless of what the President’s political affiliation might be. So here we are closing the second session of the 115th Congress when we had time to do this. Instead, this is the second iteration of an irresponsible manner in terms of process that was offered to the Democratic minority in this House. On Monday night, we got notice of this without even seeing the substance of the proposal that was in front of us. This is not the way regular order functions nor, as I have just referenced, the way that legislative sessions are supposed to conclude. My friend—and I mean that with all sincerity—the chairman of the committee, noted that the American people are waiting to hear from Congress. Well, let me tell you this about these tax bills. It didn’t take the wealthy long to hear from Congress. They heard from them right away, and the offering that they had was more concentrated wealth and more tax relief for people at the very top in America—taking that top rate from 39.6 to 37 percent, a cut in the corporate rate to 21 percent, doubling the estate tax, and here we are again with another vehicle that is not paid for. So where do we find revenue right now as a percent of gross domestic product? It is at 16.4 percent. And we are hearing, well, just maybe this tax bill might bring us to 17.5 percent, when the historic battle that the two parties have had in this House has generally been about between 18 and 19 cents on the dollar. So a year later, what do we have in front of us? The same procedure: closed doors, no hearings, not one witness. And if you pick up some gossip in the hallway about what this is to include, that is generally conceded now to be a point of achievement. So a year later, we are rushing another package through to correct the errors that were delivered in the first bill. And, by the way, these were not small errors. A couple of them were big enough to drive a Mack truck through. Not one hearing, not one witness, not one piece of evidence documented to put in front of this committee. So this is a lastditch effort by our Republicans to revisit their tax law and ensure that it further benefits those who really are the strongest already in our society. They want to jam through some of these provisions to help corporations at the expense of shining some light on how we might have found a substantive opportunity to achieve a bipartisan outcome. The American voters delivered a resounding rebuke last month, and our friends don’t seem to understand what that message was about. On election day, the tax bill polled that 49 percent were against and 41 percent were for. And if you think it was just a messaging problem, that would be a mistake. They should have joined with us to advance some very important matters that are in this legislation; and when we would have had an opportunity to fix these together through transparency, hearings, witnesses, I think we could have easily accomplished a different outcome. I oppose this legislation because it is also not offset. For the third time this year, the party of fiscal rectitude that always lectures us when there is a Democratic President about balancing the budget went out and borrowed more than $2 trillion for the purpose of providing a tax cut to the people at the top—$2 trillion added to the budget deficits. Can you imagine what the reaction would have been if Barack Obama or Bill Clinton did that? The outrage would have been empowering in this institution. We would have heard about it for years at a time. But, no, it is okay to do it and then call it juice to the economy. b1545 Well, there are many items in here that we fully approve of, but we disagree with the approach that is being taken, and we disagree with many of the substantive matters that are being offered. There is a national principle involved here, and that is, we come to the aid of all members of the American family when natural disasters settle in, not on a piecemeal basis. And we will, I assure you, try very earnestly and very quickly next year to address many of these same issues. And I guarantee you this, for all members of this committee, there will be hearings, and there will be witnesses, and it will be done in daylight to make sure that there is an opportunity for all to be heard, including our Republican friends. To close on part of this measure as well, this bill significantly erodes the Johnson amendment by allowing certain tax exempt organizations to make political statements during the ordinary course of activities. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself an additional 2 minutes. So this would allow now priest, rabbi, imam, minister, to stand at the pulpit and offer an endorsement of a particular candidate for public office. What happened to Jefferson’s wall of separation? What happened to the idea that, unlike Europe and places like that where they have had religious strife for centuries, that we were able to avoid that because of the wall that Mr. Jefferson very skillfully constructed? This is a dangerous precedent that threatens to politicize charitable and philanthropic organizations. Finally, the health provisions in this bill do nothing to increase accountability for the device industry, employers, or health insurers. If we are going to provide tax relief to corporations, we should have guarantees that the savings will be reinvested in innovation; put more dollars in workers’ pockets, and lower insurance premiums. Another issue that is not in dispute, Mr. Speaker, is the following: Overwhelmingly, that tax cut went to share buybacks with corporations and dividends. It did not come to the benefit of people who needed tax relief every single day. There are a number of provisions here that we find very supportable, but the idea that we are doing this in the closing minutes of the 115th Congress, I think, is objectionable to our side. The proposal before us is not paid for. It did not go through the regular order, and I urge our colleagues to oppose this legislation. 
Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I know everyone in Congress is eager to get back to a full week of Christmas shopping, but I am proud to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. RICE) who represents a community devastated by disasters in 2018. Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I stand in strong support of the tax and oversight package before us today. I appreciate the concern about the deficits from my colleague across the aisle, but I would remind my colleague that President Obama added $2 trillion in deficits in only 1 year. Mr. Speaker, this bill adds to the successes, the amazing successes of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act which became law last year, and our economic potential in America has, once again, been unleashed and America is, once again, the land of opportunity. Unemployment is at a record low, Mr. Speaker. Consumer confidence and small business confidence are at historic highs, and wages are growing at their fastest pace in nearly a decade. Mr. Speaker, my friends across the aisle can say that this bill benefited only the wealthy, but I can tell you, I represent three of the poorest counties in South Carolina, Marion County, Dillon County, and Marlboro County, and all three of those counties, in 2016, were at or about 10 percent unemployment. Today, each one of those counties, largely as a result of this tax bill, are below 6 percent. For the first time in 30 years they are below 6 percent unemployment. When we passed the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, our message was clear: We will not wait another 30 years to take up tax legislation. We will consistently work to improve the Tax Code. The legislation before us is an opportunity to build on the economic momentum that is creating opportunities and lifting people up in South Carolina and across the country. Two years ago, Hurricane Matthew made landfall in South Carolina, and just a few days before a tax filing deadline, people were ignoring evacuation orders from disaster officials to ensure they could meet their IRS filing deadlines. Can you imagine having to choose between boarding up your house or filing a tax return? That is what my constituents had to do. Ambiguity under the current law results in the IRS waiting to grant a deadline extension for weeks after a natural disaster. My bill, the Disaster Certainty Act, would create an automatic 60day extension following a Presidential Disaster Declaration, and it is included in this bill. Additionally, this package includes the Hurricane Florence Tax Relief Act, which I introduced with Congressman HOLDING . This legislation gives disaster victims the flexibility to access emergency funds, encourages charitable giving, and enhances the deduction for personal casualty losses. Immediately following a disaster, families are faced with the cost of home repairs and temporary housing, but most do not have these funds at their disposal. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this package. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. LEVIN), the ranking member of the Health Subcommittee, who has served this institution with great distinction and dedication over many years. (Mr. LEVIN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LEVIN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. NEAL, and I salute his eloquent statement. I hope everybody listens. Usually, legislation has either rhyme or reason, or both. This bill has neither. It is dramatically unreasonable. It adds insult to injury. It would further increase our growing Federal debt, this time by almost $100 billion. Driven by the irresponsible 2017 tax law, our projected annual deficit has already more than doubled since President Trump came into office, more than doubled; mainly to benefit, as Mr. NEALhas spelled out so well, the very wealthy. The majority thought the first tax bill of theirs would at least be helpful politically. It turned out, for voters, sour music. It was, as described earlier, hyperpartnership at its worst; no hearings. Nothing like it. So, on this last day of votes this session, and close to my last of thousands and thousands of votes over 36 years, I will proudly vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. LAHOOD), a key member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. LAHOOD. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman BRADY for yielding time, and for his tireless leadership on improving our country’s Tax Code. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong support of H.R. 88, the Retirement, Savings, and Other Tax Relief Act of 2018. Since the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act last year at this time, our economy has boomed. And under the direction of Chairman BRADY , the Ways and Means Committee hasn’t stopped working on advancing and improving our Nation’s tax laws. In doing so, our committee has worked to make positive reforms to the IRS, and I am proud that this legislation includes language from my bill, the Improving Assistance for Taxpayers Act, which will bolster protections for taxpayers by requiring the IRS to respond promptly to Taxpayer Assistance Directives issued by the Taxpayer Advocate Service. Specifically, the IRS would be required to respond to Taxpayer Advocate Directives within 90 days. Implementing these changes will improve accountability and, therefore, more efficiently address systematic issues within the IRS. Not only does H.R. 88 take important steps to make our tax system more accountable, but it also includes important provisions that will provide certainty to our agriculture community in central and west central Illinois. Representing the country’s eighth largest congressional district in terms of corn and soybean production, I have seen firsthand the positive impact of the Biodiesel Tax Credit on our agriculture community. Biodiesel producers have been hurt in the past by lapses in this credit, which has hindered their ability to plan for the future. H.R. 88 provides a longterm extension and a path forward for the Biodiesel Tax Credit, which will provide positive assurances for our producers in the Midwest. As Americans continue to reap the benefits of progrowth tax reform, it is important we continue to finetune our Tax Code to work better for the citizens of this country. H.R. 88 takes important steps toward doing just that, and I have been proud to work alongside Chairman BRADY and the other members of the Ways and Means Committee to ensure we put taxpayers first, and that is what this bill does. I urge my colleagues to stand with me and support this legislation. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ), the ranking member of the Tax Policy Subcommittee. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, the voters told them: The party’s over. Go home. But before going home, they want to go big with another big, irresponsible national debtbusting bill. Republicans are struggling to stuff just a little more silver in their donors’ pockets as they get pushed out the Capitol door. Republicans are ending this session the very same way they began it in January of last year, with arrogance, with duplicity, with total indifference to the needs of working families across our country. And this bill comes from the ‘‘Great Cover Up Committee,’’ the committee that covers up as much of its tax work as possible from the public; the committee that secretly changes the tax law to directly benefit the Trump family; and the committee that refuses to even review, under existing law, the Trump tax returns; the committee that believes in overlook, not oversight of the corruption that pervades this Trump administration. Since Trump took office, the Republicans have feverishly pursued two goals: Take away healthcare from the many, and award the few with more tax benefits. Last Friday, a Republican judge in Texas ruled that they can take away the coverage. He declared the entire act of the Affordable Care Act unconstitutional. And so what is the response today from the actions of our indicted Texas 
Attorney General colluding with the Trump administration that refused to defend the act? Are they here to protect Americans on preexisting conditions? No. They are here to reward those in the healthcare industry with more billions of dollars of tax breaks. Today’s Republican parting shot adds almost $100 billion to our national debt, saddling existing and future Americans with that debt. We need, in a new Congress, genuine tax reform. Today’s bill does not provide it. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ). Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of the legislation at hand, which includes the Retirement, Savings, and Other Tax Relief Act of 2018, and the Taxpayer First Act of 2018. Since the passage of the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, 2.1 million jobs have been created. More Americans are working. They are taking home more money as a result of progrowth policies like tax reform and cleaning up an overly burdensome regulatory regime. We can keep this momentum going by enacting reforms like the one before us today. This package includes legislation to make it easier for families to save for retirement, and make it easier for employers to offer retirement plans to their employees. I am a former employer. I know that employers want this for their employees. It also makes important structural changes to the IRS to ensure it is oriented for taxpayer service, prevents abuses, and creates a more fair appeals process. This package would delay or repeal harmful healthrelated taxes, including delays for the Cadillac tax and the medical device tax which, I can tell you as a surgeon, is harmful for the advancement of medicine on behalf of patients. Also, this bill offers a full repeal of the excise tax on indoor tanning services, which affects small businesses all over the country. b1600 It gives Americans impacted by recent disasters much needed flexibility to access their retirement savings, increases charitable contributions, and helps businesses keep their employees on payroll as they surmount these disasters. Finally, it makes technical corrections to the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act, thus ensuring that individuals and businesses can benefit from the important reforms of the law, as intended. Mr. Speaker, this package of bills continues our efforts to help Americans save, help the economy grow, improve IRS operations, and keep a nimble and smart Tax Code. So I encourage my colleagues to support this legislation on behalf of all Americans of all generations. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from California (Mr. THOMPSON ), the very assertive spokesperson from Napa Valley and my friend. Mr. THOMPSON of California. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding me time. You know, here we go again. We started this session with a terrible tax bill that was written in the dark of night, not one single hearing, not one single expert witness, an unpaidfor $2.3 trillion tax cut. We find out after it is passed that it is fraught with problems. Now we are going to end the session with another tax bill, not quite as fiscally irresponsible as the first, but $100 billion unpaid for—again, no hearings, no expert witnesses. Why in the world do you think this one is not going to be fraught with problems? This is the height of irresponsibility and just one more example of the Republicans’ borrowandspend philosophy and practice. Once again, I am sure we are going to hear from our friends on the other side that now that we have done this, now that we have charged all this money to future generations, we are going to have to come back and put on our fiscally responsible hat and cut Medicare and cut Social Security. This is shameful, and it is irresponsible. If that is not bad enough, now, in this bill, you are going to try to provide false hope to people who were victimized from natural disasters all across the country, from hurricanes, tornados, fires. You know this bill is not going anyplace. The Senate is not going to take up this bill. So you are providing false hope to folks who really need our help right now. Mr. Speaker, revictimizing people who were terribly hurt during these disasters, it is shameful; it is irresponsible; and I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. KELLY ), the leader of the retirement and savings portion of this bill. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for bringing this important legislation to the floor. I rise in strong support of H.R. 88, a comprehensive package that in many ways will help millions of American families save more of their own money for their future. Among H.R. 88’s many important features is a section that includes key elements of three retirement savings bills that I have been proud to introduce and champion over the last 2 years. One of those bills, the Family Savings Act, stood as one of the three main pillars of Tax Reform 2.0, which passed this House with bipartisan support in September. With H.R. 88, much of that bill, along with my bipartisan Retirement Enhancement and Savings Act and bipartisan Rightsizing Pension Premiums Act, is one giant step closer to becoming law. In short, this package is a wonderful gift at Christmas for all Americans, and it cannot come soon enough. Americans should be able to rely on three main sources of retirement income to ensure full financial security during their retirement years: first, Social Security; second, personal savings; and third, employersponsored savings plans. Now, when it comes to that third source, an alarming number of Americans do not have access to an employersponsored 401(k) plan. Among those who do, a recent study found that 42 percent of them have less than $10,000 in their plan. Combined with the fact that more than 60 percent of Americans don’t have enough cash to cover a $1,000 emergency expense, the passage of today’s package is especially critical. Specifically, H.R. 88 will make it easier for small employers to pool together and offer retirement plans to their employees. This would help bridge the divide between the benefits that large employers might offer to their employees and those that smaller employers only wish that they could offer. Overall, this will help ensure that the next generation of Americans doesn’t outlive its savings. I have to tell you, one of the things that I remember so clearly as a child growing up is my mother and dad saying to me: The one thing we never want to be to you kids is a burden. I thought to myself, my gosh, my mom and dad are worried about being a burden to my brothers and sisters, after all they have done for us? What we are trying to do is make up for that. The Greatest Generation, they are telling us they don’t want to be a burden to the next generation. How American is that? That has nothing to do with Republicans and Democrats. That has to do with who we are as Americans. This H.R. 88 accomplishes a lot of those goals, but I have to tell you, a secure retirement for every American should not be a partisan issue, and we know it is not. So, today, let’s come together as a unified body and send this bill to the Senate, for the sake of every American’s peace of mind during this season of peace. Before I conclude, I also want to highlight the railroad track maintenance tax credit for the shortline railroads and the extension of the biodiesel tax credit. Each of these actions will directly support economic growth and job creation in rural communities across 
As I look across to the other side, I think we are all the same. I can remember, as a child growing up, sitting down and making up a list and sending it off to the North Pole, telling Santa Claus everything I wanted. But I can remember coming down on Christmas morning, and I never got everything I wanted, but I was really thankful for everything I got. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman. Mr. KELLY of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, this is bipartisan. This is who we are. If we cannot secure the future for those who have done so much for us, what are we doing here? This is a wonderful opportunity for us to act at a time of year when it is much more important to give than it is to receive. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. BLUMENAUER ). Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, I listened to my friend from Pennsylvania talking about bipartisan opportunities, things we agree on. You know, the railroad tax credit is something that we could have done in a heartbeat, but unfortunately, it is wrapped into a really embarrassing piece of legislation, which is a fitting symbol to the wrapup of 8 years of Republican rule of the House Ways and Means Committee. We are in the process of again making the Tax Code more complex, which they have done every year they have been in control: talk about tax simplification, make it more complex. Those complexities were for people who actually needed it the least. We have lavished massive tax cuts on the most welloff in this country and done nothing to reduce the growing income inequality. They have assaulted the Affordable Care Act and actually put it at risk. I hear about the improvement of IRS customer service. For 8 years, they have assaulted the IRS in their war against taxes, and they have used taxpayers as the hostages. Employees there haven’t had the resources to be able to deal meaningfully with the everincreasing Tax Code to help taxpayers with their premiums. They have had no time to listen to the American public. You have seen major tax bills after major tax bills with no public hearings, no expert witnesses, no opportunity to really try that bipartisanship. Mr. Speaker, I reflect now on our friend PAUL RYAN, who is leaving office, and what a sad note to end on. The Federal Government in November spent twice as much as it took in. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from Oregon. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, after hearing PAULRYANtalk for years about deficits on the Ways and Means Committee and on the Budget Committee, he leaves a legacy of exploding deficits. You talk about burdens for our children: $2.3 trillion extra of national debt. Think for a moment: We can’t balance the budget when times are as good as they are and unemployment is as low. We have had 8 years of increasing employment. I was just in the Cloakroom while Donald Trump was spouting off on TV, and I was watching as the Dow Jones plunged over 500 points. It is a verdict on the reckless Republican leadership in tax and spending, and they are leaving Democrats with serious problems to address. But I know, under our chairman and Democratic leadership, we will at least listen to the American public. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has again expired. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman. Mr. BLUMENAUER. Mr. Speaker, we will allow the public to know what we are voting on, and we will actually be able to start building on the foundation of things that make a difference: rebuilding and renewing America, closing the income gap, allowing those most fortunate in our economy to be able to pay a little more so that we don’t have to sacrifice services for the elderly, the poor, and students, and be able to rebuild and renew this country. I am looking forward to that opportunity for Democrats to take control, and this sorry Congress cannot end fast enough. Mr. Speaker, I urge rejection of this proposal. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I recognize, under a Democrat majority, every American will be taller and smarter and better looking. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. HOLDING ), who helped lead legislation dealing with disaster relief. Mr. HOLDING. Mr. Speaker, I rise to urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. This is a broad package, including a host of strong policy proposals supported by both Republicans and Democrats in both Chambers. If I may, Mr. Speaker, I would like to touch upon two specific parts of the bill. As you know, my home State of North Carolina was devastated by Hurricane Florence this past September. The damage is widespread, and the recovery efforts will take years. Folks impacted are in need of help, which is why I am grateful this package includes my legislation that I introduced with Mr. RICE, providing significant tax relief to individuals and businesses hurt by Hurricane Florence. Better yet, we have expanded the scope of my bill to include countless Americans who have been impacted by several natural disasters that have befallen our Nation 
Specifically, this legislation will enact penaltyfree access to retirement savings and provide tax incentives for employers and small businesses to ensure they keep employees on the payrolls. It will also make it easier for folks to claim tax deductions for the cost of destroyed property and will encourage people across the country to donate to recovery efforts by suspending limits on charitable contributions. Altogether, this bill will lessen the tax burden on folks impacted by natural disasters so they can use more of their money to recover, rebuild, and get back on their feet. This is one piece of a larger disaster relief package, and I am so glad to see it moving forward in this overall bill. The second provision I would like to briefly highlight is an important one that will assist lowincome taxpayers with issues concerning the IRS. Taxes are already a major burden on lowincome individuals living paycheck to paycheck, and the last thing they need to have to do is worry about dealing with the bureaucracy of the IRS. So lowincome taxpayer clinics provide much needed relief guidance and support to lowincome individuals, providing them with representation for the IRS or in court on audits, appeals, and other tax disputes. They provide this for a very low fee. So I am glad these provisions are included in the overall package, and I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote on the overall package. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. PASCRELL ), the always erudite Mr. PASCRELL . Mr. PASCRELL. Mr. Speaker, the bill before us today did not go through committee like a bill this large should. We could have offered amendments to address some of the most pressing issues with this tax bill. I would have started with how this bill cherrypicks winners and losers, with many of the losers being in States like the State I live in, the State of New Jersey. This is, again, let me repeat, ‘‘Weekend at Bernie’s.’’ They prop up the dead tax bill, make it look alive, and then they bring in something that makes it look even more dead. That didn’t work; this will not work. You didn’t run on it; you will not run on this. b1615 Our State got slammed by the new cap on the State and local tax deduction, better known as SALT, State and local taxes, the oldest deduction in the books. The GOP tax scam took money from homeowners and communities in my State and others to fund their massive giveaway to big corporations. The data is there. It is clear. It is succinct. It is definitive. Republicans even bragged about using their tax scam to hurt New Jersey and the region. Imagine that. Imagine bragging about deliberately hurting millions of people. My amendment would have restored this critical deduction, but it was blocked. This bill before us today provides targeted relief to victims of disasters, but only a select few. There have been 13 disasters since we last held a committee meeting on a tax bill, and I 
don’t see them listed here, not to mention the tax relief that victims of Hurricane Sandy never received in the first place. There is a bill that would provide disaster tax relief to all federally declared disaster areas automatically, which it should be, so we don’t have to play these partisan games of picking and choosing. If we want to help people, let’s vote on it. There are provisions in this bill that I would have supported, but our chairman made no such attempt to reach us. In fact, we didn’t have any witnesses. In fact, we didn’t have any hearings. How about that for democracy? Instead, this is nearly $100 billion. It is unpaid for; you are very good at that. It is undebated; you think you know all of the answers. And it is very, very partisan. So much for reaching out. And most important, it utterly ignores the needs of workers in this country. Mr. Speaker, did you hear that General Motors just announced 14,700 workers are losing their jobs? Does this bill do anything to address that? No. In fact, the underlying tax bill they are trying to fix today—remember Bernie?—did nothing to help those workers either. General Motors moves American jobs to China and Mexico. They will be paying a lower tax rate for the pleasure, from 21 percent to a minimum of just 10.5 percent. How do you justify that? The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1 minute to the gentleman from New Jersey. Mr. PASCRELL. And we continue to let them deduct the cost—get this. We allow them to deduct the cost of moving their operations overseas. How unAmerican do you get? We need to stop that. There is a bill, by the way, to do that, if you noticed. If you can believe it, General Motors saved more than $150 million so far this year thanks to the GOP tax scam, and they appear to have benefited by as much as $6.5 billion by the tax holiday for offshore cash hidden in this GOP bill. The data is clear, Mr. Speaker. Read it. Yet here they are shipping jobs overseas just in time for the holidays. You might think after they were repudiated at the ballot box that Republicans would show some humility and extend a hand to work with us, reach out. No. All they could do is smile and say: Bernie, it is your year. Don’t worry about it. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. PAULSEN ), an outstanding key member of the Ways and Means Committee. Mr. PAULSEN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to first speak, in general, in support of this tax package overall, which includes some very, very good tax policy. But I want to highlight and specifically draw attention to one very important provision, a bipartisan provision, and that is a further delay of the medical device tax for a 5 year period. My preference, Mr. Speaker, would have been to have a permanent repeal of the device tax, but I understand you have to compromise on things, and that is a good compromise, so 5 years is what we get. And look, during a period of time when there are very few issues that a lot of policymakers, unfortunately, in Congress can agree upon, there is no doubt that there has been strong, bipartisan, broadbased support to repeal and eliminate a very bad policy that was put in place as a part of ObamaCare and repealing this device tax. This is about making sure that our Nation, our country, America, continues to lead the world in this important ecosystem that is central to improving patient care and also creating highquality jobs. We all know the medical device industry in America is truly an American success story. It is a Minnesota success story. I can speak to the 400,000 people around the country who are directly employed. I can speak to the 35,000 folks who are employed in Minnesota in this industry. And these are hundreds and hundreds of companies, by the way, Mr. Speaker, that I have had the chance to visit and tour, companies you may have never heard of. They may have 5 employees or 10 employees, but every single one of them has that doctor, that engineer, that entrepreneur who is working to improve or help save lives for patients. The device tax, however, unfortunately, caused the loss of about 29,000 jobs as it was put in place. Back this last July, Members will recall that the House voted, overwhelmingly—bipartisan support—to permanently repeal this device tax with historic levels of support, both Republicans and Democrats. Nearly 300 Members voted together to get rid of it. It is really about protecting innovation, and it is about protecting small businesses. Eighty percent of medical device companies have less than 50 employees, and 93 percent of these companies have less than 500 employees who have good, highpaying jobs. We are also a net exporter, exporting around the world in this industry. The Affordable Care Act, Mr. Speaker, imposed a new 2.3 percent excise tax on all medical devices. It doesn’t sound like much, but keep in mind, this is not a tax on profits. It is a tax on your sales; it is a tax on your revenue; and that is where we saw the negative impact, because it already takes 8 to 10 years for these companies to become profitable in the first place. They deal with FDA regulation, and they deal with reimbursement issues. This raised the bar. This raised the hurdle. It made it much more difficult for these companies to become profitable in the first place. It is about giving predictability and giving certainty for these companies so that they can continue to help innovate and help patients. That is what it is really about, making sure that new, lifeimproving and lifesaving products are coming to market. I visited and met with engineers, technicians, owners, and entrepreneurs of these companies who work day in and day out coming up with the ideas for the innovation that really makes America the forefront leader. Mr. Speaker, I would encourage support for this bill. It is a good compromise, and it makes sense. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. JUDY CHU), wellknown for her financial acumen. Ms. JUDY CHU of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in strong opposition to H.R. 88. This bill contains a provision that can only be described as sneaky. It is an antichoice provision that has no place in a tax bill. It tries to circumvent our Supreme Court and redefine ‘‘person’’ by allowing parents to open 529 college savings accounts for unborn children. Actually, this provision is unnecessary because, under current law, parents can already do this. They can open 529 college savings accounts for future children in their own name and then change the name of the beneficiary after the birth of their child. But the implications of adding ‘‘unborn child’’ directly into the Tax Code are serious. This is a thinly veiled attempt to codify the legal concept of the unborn child and, therefore, claim that, legally, the fetus is separate from the mother. This language has appeared in Republican tax bills before, and antichoice extremists did not attempt to hide its reason for its inclusion. When this provision appeared in the House version of H.R. 1, the GOP tax scam, the spokesperson for the antichoice group March for Life stated publicly: 
We hope that this is the first step in expanding the child tax credit to include unborn children as well. 
This is an obvious attempt to lay the legal groundwork for undermining a woman’s constitutional right to an abortion. It is an outright attack on women’s reproductive rights. Right before Republicans must turn over control of the House to Democrats and before a record number of Congresswomen are sworn in, Republicans are making a lastditch effort to erode women’s constitutional rights to control their own bodies in order to score one last point for an extremist base, and all in a bill that they know is dead on arrival in the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I strongly urge my colleagues to reject this bill and vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. MAST). 
Mr. MAST. Mr. Speaker, this is not a debate on education, but I am worried about the ability of my colleagues to add. As we talk about tax and rates and terms thrown out about things like ‘‘irresponsible’’ and ‘‘giveaways,’’ I think it is incumbent that we reflect on those terms and what that actually means. When we think about the rates that were passed, you think about somebody’s rate going from 15 percent down to 12 percent, or from 25 percent down to 22 percent, or from 28 percent down to 24 percent, and you think about that as an overall of a 10 percentage point move. Or you think about the top three brackets coming down from 39.6 percent down to 37 percent. Or going down another point below that, maybe a 3.6 percent decrease, total, on the top three brackets, and 10 percent on the bottom four brackets. That is not an inequitable distribution of those tax cuts. You think about the term being thrown around when somebody says it is a giveaway. When somebody says that it is a giveaway to allow somebody to keep more of their earnings, what they are saying, fundamentally, is that a person’s earnings don’t belong to them; they belong to the Federal Government, and the Federal Government can give those earnings back to them. That is not the truth. All of the earnings, the work of somebody’s hands, the fruits of somebody’s labor, those are the earnings of the individual, and they are good enough to give the Federal Government some of those dollars to go out there and function. When you think about that term ‘‘irresponsible,’’ what my colleagues on the other side of the aisle are saying is that it is irresponsible to allow somebody to keep more of the fruits of their labor. I rise in support of this bill. I encourage my colleagues on the other side of the aisle to reflect about the things that they are saying, the lies that they are literally out there saying. I hope that they can go to work for the American people instead of going to work online. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, we don’t object to the three brackets being lowered for the American people in the middle class. We object to the idea that there were no hearings on this and the top brackets were reduced, doubling the estate tax exemption, cutting the top rate from 39.6 percent to 37 percent. If you want to do that for people at the very end of the economic scale, we are in. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I think it is interesting to suggest that anyone is telling an untruth when 24 hours ago this House committed to passing a CR to stop the government from being shut down and the United States Senate passed it without objection to keep the government open. Here we are now, with the government on the verge of closing because the President owns it, and we are talking about a bill that creates $53 billion in deficit and does not help the middle class and small businesses and has a pox on women as relates to choice. What kind of crisis are my friends trying to build a few days before we rise to take leadership as a majority in the 116th Congress? Maybe we should have hearings, but maybe we should stop this bill altogether and get back to keeping the government open and passing a continuing resolution so that the working people in all of these agencies, including Border Patrol agents and others, can do their job. This is an insanity that keeps on growing. Mr. President, let’s stop doing this and keep the government open, and let’s have hearings on this tax bill to ensure that we do what is right for small businesses, working families, and women of America. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to address their remarks to the Chair. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, could we have clarification as to how much time is remaining on each side. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Massachusetts has 61⁄2 minutes remaining. The gentleman from Texas has 8
1⁄2minutes remaining. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1
1⁄2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ). Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the gentleman yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the bill and, in particular, opposition to section 407, which would, essentially, repeal the Johnson amendment. The Johnson amendment protects the integrity and independence of charities and houses of worship by ensuring that they do not endorse or oppose political candidates. One of the characteristics of American religious institutions that has made them so sacred is that they are separate from government and separate from campaign profits. b1630 If Americans want to get involved in partisan elections, we know how to do that, but what we are seeking when we attend church, synagogue, mosque, temple, or any or house of worship is something quite different. This distinction has long been reflected in how our law treats religious institutions differently than political institutions, to preserve their sacred place in American society, houses of worship must stay above the political fray, and refrain from endorsing candidates for political office. Current law strikes as balance, and it is important to emphasize what houses of worship with taxexempt status can do: they are permitted to advocate for policies that are consistent with their values, and they can help their members become engaged in the political process by organizing events, registering voters, and getting them to the polls. They just can’t tell people who to vote for. It is no surprise that a wide array of religious organizations and faith leaders support the Johnson amendment and oppose section 407 of this bill, out of an understandable concern that political parties and candidates seeking power would be empowered to use their congregations as tools and pressure them for their endorsements. I think we can all agree that Americans have had enough of political partisanship. They do not want more of it, and they certainly don’t want it in their houses of worship where so many seek refuge from the tumult and chaos of their daytoday life. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘no’’ vote on the bill for this and many other reasons. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Kansas (Mr. ESTES). Mr. ESTES of Kansas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the Retirement, Savings, and Other Tax Relief Act of 2018. In a long overdue move, and one with strong bipartisan support, this bill modernizes the IRS and improves the efficiency of the agency in dealing with taxpayers. As one of the only former State treasurers in Congress, I understand our need for our country’s tax collection agency to adopt a culture of customer service and to help taxpayers file taxes, retrieve information, resolve issues, and make payments. In addition to reforming the IRS, this bill also provides needed certainty to businesses by making certain tax cuts permanent, and extending others so that families and businesses know what to expect from our Tax Code in the future. While our economy is booming, businesses of every size I meet with in my district in Kansas consistently say that the number one thing they need from Washington is certainty. We owe it to job creators and workers to provide that certainty so that they can provide for other expansions and other decisionmaking. To support workers and families, this bill makes it easier for businesses to provide retirement plans for more employees who previously did not have access to them, and allows families to save more for retirement. To support entrepreneurs and small businesses, this bill will allow new companies to write off more of their initial startup cost and allow startups to expand easier and faster without hitting limits on certain tax benefits like that for research and development. Finally, this legislation also helps victims impacted by the recent wildfires, hurricanes, and other natural disasters by allowing victims to access retirement accounts without penalty 
to assist in their recovery. Our fellow Americans in need should have every tool available to help them rebuild. As I said in a recent oped for FOX News, the Retirement, Savings, and Other Tax Relief Act of 2018 is the right bill at the right time for America’s families and economy. Passing the Tax Cuts and Jobs Act started an economic turnaround our country has not experienced in decades. Instead of stopping that momentum in its tracks, we need to build upon that success with these commonsense reforms. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Chairman BRADY and the Ways and Means Committee for continuing to fund solutions to grow our economy and help families. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, so the holy grail of the tax cut was the constant reference to the stock market. That is what we have heard for the last year. I wonder about some of our Members, if they want to compare their 401(k) to what it was like in October of 2008. Or as we have witnessed that constant reference to the stock market, the stock market, the stock market, and a reminder that at the end of 2017, the stock market, or the Dow Jones Industrial Average went up to 24,719, and this afternoon, it is at 22,859. Mr. Speaker, I call attention to that because of the chaotic nature in which this legislative body has functioned: no hearings, no witnesses, legislation crafted, we don’t know where, brought to the floor, and then referenced as the achievement of a rising stock market. So here we are again without one single hearing, rushing through another tax package that is not offset, and doubles down on the original law’s skewed benefits for people at the top, again, without a markup or a single hearing. A rushed process resulted in a failed product. And now, they want to duplicate that process with these changes proposed here today. The bill includes a number of provisions that could have been reconciled very easily with our side enthusiastically, including the references that Mr. KELLY made to retirement benefits. We are all in. But the hit on nonprofits—by the way, taking away benefits for parking for some of the nonprofits, is but another example of how this legislation actually lacked substance. We can do much better. And I certainly want to encourage colleagues to oppose this legislation on process and policy, and just as I yield back, we on both sides here, are very fortunate to have exceptional tax advisers in terms of the staff members, and I want to thank Kara Getz for her work as the chief tax counsel as she moves to her new role in my office as well. Mr. Speaker, I would like to be able to say Merry Christmas to all, but this tax bill does not help my enthusiasm. But I will still say Merry Christmas to all, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BRADY of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today, what we have heard is: our feelings are hurt. They are really, really hurt. This didn’t go through regular order, and so our feelings are really hurt. Those who oppose that say: Look, we are trying to help families that are damaged by our disasters, thousands of them. I imagine those families who are looking at their homes that are charred and burned, and families who are living on the second floor of their home because it has been wiped out, I bet they would like some regular order to their life. I bet they would like things to go back to normal. I bet they would like to spend the holidays in that home, not safe and warm up here in Congress, coming up with excuses on how not to help them. We are told it is shameless to help those who are victims of disaster, in Alabama, California, Florida, and Georgia, Hawaii, Indiana, and North Carolina. It is shameless to help you. We can’t be bothered, is what opponents are saying today. In South Carolina, Texas, Virginia, Wisconsin, American Samoa, Guam, Northern Mariana Islands, we are busy, opponents are saying: We have got holidays. We can’t help. I believe we ought to help. Every one of us, Republicans, Democrats, ought to provide this key disaster tax relief that those families and communities need. We are told it is reckless to help families and small businesses save more earlier in life, but we know we are not a Nation of savers. We have got to do more to help them. We used to do that in a bipartisan way. We can do that today. We are told we never heard of a bill that reins in the IRS, redesigns them to become a taxpayer first agency and protects our personal data. Yet, that bill passed this House 414–0 because we had leaders like LYNN JENKINS from Kansas and JOHNLEWIS from Georgia, who worked together along with the Senate to do really thoughtful work together. Both parties gave, and took, and found a good solution. That is in this bill. We are told that we ought not delay these ObamaCare taxes, but Republicans and Democrats, together, have worked to do this in the past, and President Obama signed them as well. And then we are finally told that there is an attack on women’s reproductive rights. Here is what it is: in this bill we allow, when you find out you are pregnant and you want to get a little head start to start saving for your child’s education, like preschool, kindergarten, elementary school, get a head start on saving for trade school or for college, we are told that somehow that is an attack on reproductive rights. It is a head start just for families that want to save a little more, get one more year. Because today, you have to actually open an account in someone else’s name and transfer it later. We are just saying, look, get a head start. If you want to start saving, we are with you. Do your very best for your child. We think that is important. At the end of the day, I think we ought to put aside this temper tantrum and come together to help a lot of families in our country who need this help. My guess is, if our Democrat friends get their way and manage to obstruct, they will take all of these elements right back up at the beginning of the year. It will be their idea and their credit. I will give them credit right now for it. I just think we ought to help people today, and that we ought not break for any holidays until we have really done the work that these people deserve. As long as we are talking about people who deserve our appreciation, I want to thank our chief tax counsel Barbara Angus, who has done just a remarkable job leading an amazing Tax Policy Subcommittee, and staff who have done such remarkable work for the American people and for us here over the past 3 years. I want to thank the staff director of our Oversight Subcommittee, Rachel Kaldahl—the whole team—who have done remarkable work in a bipartisan way, reforming the IRS; Stephanie Parks in the Health Subcommittee area, on these ACA taxes; and, Machalagh Carr, our general counsel, who shepherded us to the work today. The bottom line is I think there are lots of ways we can work together to help the American people, especially those in need right now. This has bipartisan work, bipartisan thought. Let’s join together and help the American people. Mr. Speaker, I urge a ‘‘yes’’ vote, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. SCOTT of Virginia. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to H.R. 88. This package has been presented as tax relief for the victims of hurricanes, fires, and other natural disasters victims. In reality, it is a grab bag of almost $100 billion in unpaid for tax breaks—including tax breaks for the health care industry. This bill also allows tax exempt religious organizations to engage in political activity. Moreover, the bill conspicuously omits a provision that would ensure the solvency of the trust fund that provides health care and compensation for coal miners with black lung disease. On December 31, 2018, the excise tax rate that funds the Black Lung Benefits Disability Trust Fund will drop by 55 percent, unless Congress takes action to extend the tax rate. That tax rate of $1.10 per ton for underground coal and 55 cents per ton for surface was extended in 2008 for 10 years. Allowing the tax rate to sunset at the end of this year will have grave fiscal consequences. According to the Government Accountability Office (GAO), the failure to extend the tax rate will cause the deficit in the Trust Fund to skyrocket from approximately $5 billion today to $15 billion in 2050. Once the tax rate drops, the annual costs for benefits, medical care and administrative 
costs will exceed revenues every year for the foreseeable future. The only way these benefits can be paid going forward is if the Trust Fund borrows from taxpayers. Congress designed the Black Lung Benefits Act to be financed by a tax on coal production—not the taxpayers. Another consequence of failing to act is that the accumulated debt will pile up each year. The Trust Fund will have to borrow to also pay debt service and interest costs each year. When the debt reaches the breaking point, the only solution is a taxpayer bailout. It is irresponsible to allow the coal industry to privatize gains and socialize the costs. Although black lung disease had been on the decline after the passage of the 1969 Coal Act, in recent years it has returned with a vengeance. Recent studies show that rates of black lung disease have reached 25 percent in Appalachia. The rates of progressive massive fibrosis, the most severe form of black lung disease, are now at epidemic levels, and are now being diagnosed in younger miners. Treating these miners will require costly medical care. Mr. Speaker, allowing the excise tax rate to expire does a great disservice to coal miners, their families, and taxpayers. I urge my colleagues to oppose this bill. Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. Speaker, again, I stand on this Floor and oppose the myopic, Republican mission that asks hard working Americans to pay for wasteful tax cuts for wealthy corporations. With baby boomers retiring and needing security, the first Republican tax cuts seriously damaged the health of the Medicare Trust Fund. This bill is more of the same—exploding the deficit and threatening Social Security, Medicaid, and Medicare. After decades of wage stagnation—when over 41 million laborers earn less than $12 an hour, when almost none of their employers offer health insurance, when more than one quarter of Americans struggle to cover housing costs—the Republican bill preferences health care industries over lower health care costs for consumers. Rather than fixing their Failed Tax Law’s harmful provisions toward hardworking Americans, this bill makes fixes for industry moguls. This bill fails to roll back the double taxation on residents in Illinois via the cap on the State and Local Income Tax Deduction. This bill fails to restore the personal exemptions taken from millions of families with children. This bill fails to help home owners whose houses lost value by capping the mortgage interest deduction. Rather than helping all Americans affected by disasters, the Republicans are picking and choosing which disaster victims that they feel deserve relief. Rather than uniting Americans, this bill seeks to divide our places of worship by allowing churches and religious organizations to make political statements. People in Chicago expect government to help real people. I oppose this dangerous bill that threatens the economic security of our country and citizenry. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 1180, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. NEAL. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this question will be postponed. f 
FURTHER MESSAGE FROM THE SENATE A further message from the Senate by Ms. Lasky, one of its clerks, announced that the Senate has passed a bill of the following title in which the concurrence of the House is requested: 
S. 3277. An act to reduce regulatory burdens and streamline processes related to commercial space activities, and for other purposes. f 
REPORT ON RESOLUTION PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO HOUSE AMENDMENT TO SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 695, CHILD PROTECTION IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. COLE, from the Committee on Rules, submitted a privileged report (Rept. No. 115–1090) on the resolution (H. Res. 1183) providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 695) to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes, which was referred to the House Calendar and ordered to be printed. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF SENATE AMENDMENT TO HOUSE AMENDMENT TO SENATE AMENDMENT TO H.R. 695, CHILD PROTECTION IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 1183 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
H. R ES. 1183 Resolved, That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 695) to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 11588. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to its adoption without intervening motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Oklahoma is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. b1645 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Oklahoma? There was no objection. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today the Rules Committee met and reported a rule for consideration of the Further Additional Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019. The rule provides for 1 hour of debate equally divided and controlled by the chair and the ranking member of the Appropriations Committee. Mr. Speaker, the appropriations package in front of us represents the fourth appropriations package to fully fund the government for fiscal year 2019. While the Congress has completed its work with respect to almost 75 percent of total discretionary spending, including, notably, the Department of Defense, Health and Human Services, Education, and Labor, roughly 25 percent of this discretionary spending remains outstanding. Today’s bill will provide a shortterm continuing resolution to February 8, 2019, to ensure that the entirety of the Federal Government remains open and operating while the Congress continues its work. I have said on numerous occasions both on this floor and elsewhere that continuing resolutions are not the best way to fund the government, but allowing the government to shut down, even in part, is much costlier and much worse. It is our obligation to our constituents to keep all of the government open and operating to provide needed services to them. Mr. Speaker, from an appropriations perspective, this year has been remarkably successful. Earlier this year, we sent 5 of the 12 appropriations bills to the President for his signature before the beginning of the fiscal year. That is the best record in 22 years. 
With hard work from both sides of the aisle in both Houses of Congress, our earlier efforts represented a return to regular order and to the normal legislative process. For us to drop the ball now, at the end of the year and at the end of this Congress, would negate much of the good work that has already been done this year. As I have said so often on this floor, the primary obligation of the Congress is to fund the American Government and to keep it open and operating. The American people deserve no less. With this package under consideration today, Congress will do just that with respect to 7 of the 12 main spending bills: Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies; Commerce, Justice, Science, and the Related Agencies; Financial Services and General Government; Homeland Security; Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies; State, Foreign Operations, and Related Programs; and, finally, Transportation, Housing and Urban Development, and Related Agencies. As my colleagues can see from this list, the group of bills covers a broad array of vital government programs the American people rely upon. It includes key departments like the Department of Homeland Security, the Food and Drug Administration, the Border Patrol, and the State Department. It covers services like funding roads, operating security checkpoints at airports, passport services, food inspection services, importation and exportation of goods and services, banking services, and thousands of other important government functions. Perhaps just as importantly, it covers approximately 800,000 employees, about half of whom would need to be furloughed and about half of whom would likely be deemed essential and be required to work without a guarantee of pay. While continuing resolutions are in no way, shape, or form the best way to do business, the measure before us today will at least ensure that the government remains open and operating and will continue to provide the needed services for our Nation and our constituents. I look forward to working with my colleagues in the coming weeks to complete our work on funding the government for fiscal year 2019. Importantly, this bill also includes funding for disaster relief and to secure the border. The American people have made their voices heard, and they have told us time and time again that they want additional border security. To that end, this bill appropriates $5 billion for the purpose of securing the border. Finally, Mr. Speaker, this bill also appropriates $7.8 billion for disaster relief. As we have seen time and again in places like New Orleans after Hurricane Katrina, the East Coast after Hurricane Sandy, and my own hometown of Moore, Oklahoma, after devastating tornadoes, disasters require a helping hand. By appropriating these funds we offer our fellow Americans who have been afflicted by disasters the help that they need and require. Mr. Speaker, I urge support for the rule and the underlying legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. (Mr. MCGOVERN asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. COLE), my good friend, for yielding me the customary 30 minutes. Let me begin, Mr. Speaker, by again thanking my colleague from Oklahoma for the work that he and other appropriators did to try to keep the government running. We are here right now not because of the appropriators. We are here right now because Donald Trump has made a mess of things. Mr. Speaker, it is surreal that we are here today, days before the end of a Congress, hours before onequarter of the Federal Government runs out of money, scrambling to keep the lights on at the brink of the third Republican government shutdown this year, because we are not dealing with divided government. Republicans today control not only this Chamber, but also the Senate and the White House. They have been fighting among themselves for weeks over whether and how to keep the Government of the United States open for business. It would be comical if it weren’t so serious. This proposal that we are being given right now is not a solution. It is a political temper tantrum all to please one man: the person sitting at 1600 Pennsylvania Avenue. It doesn’t solve the disagreements in this Chamber or the Senate, and it doesn’t prevent the shutdown America is facing. This President and this majority ran on fear during the last election: fear of immigrants, fear of those seeking asylum, and fear of anyone who doesn’t look exactly like them. What happened, Mr. Speaker? They were resoundingly rejected. The American people chose a different course. They don’t want a government that reacts only to the wants of the President’s evershrinking base, the small segment of society that actually supports his offensive border wall. Let me remind my colleagues, according to polling, Americans, by a 2 to1 margin, want the President to compromise on the wall to avoid a shutdown. This proposal is exactly what the President may want, but it is precisely what the American people rejected. The Senate passed a bipartisan continuing resolution to keep the lights on. This House was prepared to pass it until the President’s latest outburst. Governing by tweet isn’t governing at all. If the President’s most senior advisers are Fox & Friends and Rush Limbaugh, maybe we shouldn’t be surprised when we find ourselves here today. But this morning, this House came together to pass sameday authority so the majority could move quickly on a bipartisan, shortterm continuing resolution. Democrats joined our Republican colleagues in this effort to provide the tools needed to keep the lights on. This is how you are using them? This isn’t a serious plan. To even vote for disaster relief, this bill requires you to support the President’s offensive wall. Democrats and the American people have already rejected this false choice. This wall is a medieval solution to a 21st century problem. What is next, Mr. Speaker, money for a moat around MaraLago? This will not become law, what we are doing right now. This is a waste of time. If it even passes here—which is a big if—it is dead on arrival in the Senate. I say to my friend: The clock is ticking. Let’s get to work on a clean bill that can make it to the President. This isn’t that. This is just offensive. Again, let me remind those in this Chamber the Senate, in a bipartisan way, came together by a voice vote and supported a continuing resolution, a clean CR, to keep the government running for 7 weeks. That is it. It is all we are proposing here today. This Chamber can’t even do that. This is a disgrace. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to reject it, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I want to make a couple of comments before I yield to my friend from Alabama and fellow Rules Committee member for 3 minutes. Let me just quickly point out that we are really talking about border security here. This clearly isn’t simply a wall. Frankly, there is not enough money involved here. This is a matter of providing additional security. It is important to note the Border Patrol union itself fully supports what the President is trying to do. This is the type of thing they have asked us to provide them so that they can provide us with the security that we tasked them to give to the American people. The disaster relief is something I think probably both sides should be able to agree on. We know there is a genuine disaster. We have had fires, and we have got hurricane relief. I have a very detailed summary here of all the various items that would be taken care of. I would be more than happy to provide that to my friend. That is something that we should do before we go home. That is something, frankly, Americans have a right to count on. I remember—and I was with my friends in this endeavor—during the Sandy debate and how desperately we needed aid at that point in time and how severe the reaction was when Congress went home without getting that done and came back in January. I 
think the reaction was appropriate. So this disaster relief is extraordinarily important, and I hope that we focus on that in our debate as well. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Alabama (Mr. BYRNE ), who is a fellow member of the Rules Committee. Mr. BYRNE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I want to add my support to this rule. When did protecting the American people—knowing who is entering our country and having a secure border— become some kind of radical or partisan idea? I am stunned to see the length to which some of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle will go simply to oppose enhanced border security, including a border wall. In fact, it seems they are willing to shut down the Federal Government instead of supporting President Trump’s urgent request for $5 billion to fund the border wall. What is especially strange is that some of my colleagues on the other side have already supported a wall in the past. Some have even voted in support of a border wall. What has changed? I think the answer is very simple. I think some of my colleagues are so committed to appeasing the socalled resistance that they find themselves opposing a very basic and commonsense idea like border security just because they want to earn points from the most extreme part of their political base. This is really not a complicated issue. This is about the safety and security of the American people. This is about keeping terrorists out of our country. This is about keeping illegal drugs out of our country. This is about keeping criminals out of our country. This shouldn’t be hard. Why am I so passionate about this? Because this is a critical issue. When I talk to the people I represent back in Alabama, they are passionate about it. This is one of the top issues I hear about at events and townhalls throughout Alabama. In fact, the phones in my office have been ringing all day with people urging us to stand strong, secure our borders, and build the wall. Mr. Speaker, I think this is a fight worth fighting. I think pushing to ensure the safety of the American people is worthy, and it is absolutely a critical fight. So I urge my colleagues to stop playing to the resistance. Come back toward a commonsense idea like securing our border. Pass this amendment. Pass this funding bill, and ensure the safety of the American people. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, if I could just respond to my colleague, if I thought for one second building a stupid wall would somehow secure our borders, I would be for it. But every expert I have talked to, including people on the border, say they need more personnel and say we ought to invest more in electronic equipment to surveil our borders. I don’t know of a wall that has ever been built that people haven’t climbed over or dug under. This is ridiculous. By the way, when the President campaigned, he said that he wanted to build a wall and that Mexico was going to pay for it. Now he wants to build a wall that by all accounts is going to be useless in terms of protecting our borders, and he wants the American taxpayers to pay for it. Well, you have $5 billion. How about rebuilding our roads and our bridges that are crumbling in this country? If you have got $5 billion that you don’t care what you do with, how about investing it in affordable housing? Or how about dealing with the issue of climate change? Or how about making sure that some of the 40 millionplus Americans in this country who don’t have enough to eat have food? Wasting money on something so ridiculous is offensive. So we want border security. We are happy to work with you on enhanced border security, but this isn’t it. This is a campaign slogan. This is a waste of taxpayer money. It is ridiculous. It is embarrassing. For the President to want to shut down the government over this is disgraceful. By the way, on the disaster package, just so my colleagues understand this, the disaster package in this bill does not include $600 million in nutrition assistance for Puerto Rico. So unless this Congress takes immediate action, 1.4 million of our fellow citizens of Puerto Rico stand to suffer deep cuts in food assistance, causing many of them to go hungry. That is shameful. Where is the help for them? b1700 Of course, we should pass a clean CR to ensure that our government remains open. But my friend talked about disaster assistance, and I just wanted to point out that one thing that is missing in their disaster package is the nutrition money for our fellow citizens of Puerto Rico. I am sure there are others. We are rushing this thing through. There is no transparency here. We thought we had a deal to keep the government open for 7 weeks. Then, all of a sudden, I guess the President tuned into ‘‘Fox and Friends’’ and changed his mind. You don’t know where this President is going to be daytoday or hourtohour or minutetominute. But he is the guy who said that he would be proud to own a shutdown. Well, I think it would be a disaster for this country to have another shutdown. I think it would be expensive. I think we should to do everything we can to avoid it, and that is why we ought to send a clean CR back to the Senate. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just want to make a couple of comments with regard to the statement my good friend made. We are actually talking, really, in a sense, not about not $5 billion. We are talking about $3.3 billion. The Senate bill that passed actually added $1.7 billion, which is a tacit admission that physical barriers do make a difference. We all agree that the amount of money we are talking about here would not build an entire wall. Quite the opposite, it would just provide some physical barriers at points along the border that are weak and need additional security. My friend says that nobody is interested in this. Frankly, the border security unions are. The Border Patrol has endorsed the President’s proposal. The men and women we have tasked to defend our borders tell us this is something that they need. They have gone so far as to say they would support a government shutdown. I hope we don’t have that. I am not for a government shutdown. I never have been for a government shutdown. But this is not an extraordinary amount of money in a bill, frankly, that totals well over $250 billion, when you add up all the spending. And being able to put additional security there is important. To my friend’s point about Puerto Rico, I think that is a good point. I think that is a fair point to make. We should probably go back and take a look at that. I do know that Americans desperately need assistance in a variety of areas, Puerto Rico included. Agriculture help is necessary, as well as help for rebuilding military installations and schools that have been destroyed. Why can’t we get that done? This is a very substantial package. There is actually more money in this bill for disaster relief for American citizens than there is for additional border security. So I think this is an eminently sensible proposal. Mr. Speaker, I urge its adoption and the adoption of the rule, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I don’t really want to prolong this debate much longer here. Every day with this administration is another selfmade crisis, another demonstration of bad faith. No one can trust what comes out of the White House, what the President says. His word is worthless. And here we are, as evidence of that fact. Mr. Speaker, the government is set to run out of money tomorrow. We are running out of time to act. But, apparently, this is exactly what President Trump wants. Last week, he said he would be ‘‘proud to shut down the government.’’ Today, he confirmed he wouldn’t even sign a clean CR to keep our government open for just a few more weeks. It is irresponsible and abhorrent to attach funding for his offensive border wall to a bill to keep the lights on. 
That is why, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up the Senate amendment to H.R. 695, which is the clean CR that has already passed the Senate by a voice vote. Every Democrat and every Republican stood together and passed the CR. It wasn’t controversial over there. Somehow, it is controversial here. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. DUNCAN of Tennessee). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Massachusetts? There was no objection. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Michigan (Mr. MITCHELL ), my good friend. Mr. MITCHELL. Mr. Speaker, we all took an oath. I know we remember that oath—for me, it was pretty meaningful; it was my first oath of office— to keep our citizens safe, to protect them, protect them at our borders, protect them in the case of disasters. In fact, in the past, our colleagues on the other side of the aisle have supported a border wall, border protection. But now, since the name ‘‘President Trump’’ is on it, it is evil; it is bad. How politically convenient. I remind you of the oath we took to protect the citizens in this Nation whom, apparently, we are so ready to toss aside when it is politically expedient. You talk about a deal that was made. The Senate may have made whatever deal they wished to make. I am unaware that we work for the United States Senate, Mr. Speaker. I represent the people of the 10th Congressional District, and I will tell you what they say. They want our borders secure. They want us to take care of people in disasters. There are heartaches for the folks in Florida, George, and California who were devastated by disasters. They ask why we can’t fund disaster relief for those people. Please, let’s not talk about a deal that was made in the other House, because we are not responsible to them. We are responsible to the people who elected us. One last point: We are at this point of struggling over keeping the government open—and let’s be honest about it, it is part of the government. The other side of the aisle talks about shutting down the government. It is about 20 percent, 25 percent of the government. We are at this point because the Senate won’t make a deal that doesn’t protect the fairly tenuous position that the future Speaker has on the other side of the aisle, and she doesn’t want to make a deal. I spent 35 years in private business. Compromise is the way it works. A compromise was offered and summarily rejected within minutes in the Senate by Mr. SCHUMER and then by Ms. PELOSI . I urge my colleagues to support the rule, pass the resolution, and send it back to the Senate and tell them to do their job. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I just respond to the gentleman that we are all for compromise. This 7week CR is a compromise. The clean CR is a compromise. In a bipartisan way, unanimously in the United States Senate, they accepted it. The President said he was for it. Then he changed his mind after watching ‘‘Fox and Friends’’ or listening to some rightwing radio host. The gentleman talks about protecting the border. We want to protect the border. We want to invest money in things that will actually protect the border, not in a press release, not in a sound bite, not in something that is a total waste of money, like a wall. But what about the fact that the President is going to shut the government down over a stupid wall and that means that the men and women who work for the Department of Homeland Security, the people who protect our borders, will not get paid, and we are not going to support them? One of my Republican colleagues, when he was faced with that question, said: ‘‘It’s actually part of what you do when you sign up for any public service position.’’ Really? That is how we treat and respect the men and women who are charged with protecting our borders? We turn our backs on them during the holiday season? Merry Christmas. We are not going to pay you. What they need, if you go to the border and talk to them, are more personnel. They want us to invest in more electronic equipment to help them surveil the border. They will tell you that this idea of a wall is dumb. It doesn’t work. It is not going to protect this country. It is a waste of money. We had a deal to move this CR forward, and the President changed his mind. He reneged on his word. He didn’t keep his promise. And here we are. So, as Republicans fight with Republicans here in the House, thankfully, the Senate, in a bipartisan way, came up with a solution. There was a compromise. Democrats are willing to support that compromise. But, somehow, it is not enough. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE). Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I know what it is like to be waiting on disaster aid and not getting it. Among other things, this potential or socalled disaster aid is missing dollars needed by the people of Puerto Rico. I walked the streets and saw how desperate the need was. It doesn’t even include the $600 million in assistance for Puerto Rico to deal with food nutrition. I remember, in the time of Hurricane Harvey, we begged for an extension for the food nutrition program called Disaster Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program, and in 3 days, we served 30,000 people. You have to feel the pain to understand. Really, Mr. Speaker, this is a sham and a shame, because Republicans are in the United States Senate—let the American people understand that—and they fostered this compromise. They came together. They have sent it to the President. They spoke to the President. The President agreed that we would do it in this manner and that we would look at this issue on the other side of 2019. What happened here? A callous disregard of Border Patrol agents; callous disregard of Customs and Border Protection; callous disregard of the National Guard and the military who are down at the border, who are out there every day; and a callous disregard of Jakelin, the 7yearold who died because we don’t have adequate health facilities, medical care, medevac, and the kind of decent living conditions— yes, decent—that are warranted. We are shutting down Commerce and Justice. We don’t have enough judges at the border. We don’t have enough judges to deal with the asylum cases. So if these folks want border security, it is not just a wall. It is technology. It is the agents. It is understanding that human beings are coming across the border. It is medical care. It is, as well, the security that we need. So I am here to say, Mr. Speaker, as I close, what a sham and a shame. Let’s get the Senate bill and put it on the floor. Yesterday, I introduced H.R. 7332 that says no American tax dollars will be paid for the wall. Mexico will pay for it. Border security will be based upon technology, personnel, and barriers. Let’s pass that bill and pass the CR from the Senate. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, sometimes, in the heat of debate, it is easy to miss what the real essence of the dispute is. When I vote for the rule—and I don’t expect my friend to vote for the rule; that is always a partisan exercise—but when I vote for the underlying legislation, I will actually be voting to fund the government. If my friends vote ‘‘no,’’ they will be voting not to fund the government. So if they are worried about funding the government, all they have to do is vote for this bill, because it funds the government. The second thing I will be voting for is disaster relief. My friends have said that there are other areas that are worthy of relief. That is probably true. I don’t have any quarrel with that. But I wouldn’t vote against this disaster relief because it wasn’t enough. I would 
vote for this and then try to get additional in the time that we have remaining. Finally, I will be voting for enhanced border security. We all know we have a problem. We all know that our border is not as secure as we would like. There is a debate over wall versus no wall. This really isn’t a wall. The wall would be $25 billion. Our friends have offered $1.7 billion. The President has been the one who has compromised, who has come back with $5 billion. So we are talking about $3.3 billion for various physical barriers at spots that we all agree would almost certainly work, done with the cooperation of our own people at Homeland Security. Finally, we are talking about not paying border agents. Border agents have told us this is what they need. That is what their union has said. That is what their elected representatives said. We want to do what the President has proposed. The President isn’t shutting down the government. The President is willing to sign legislation that funds all the government. He has asked for disaster relief, something that should not be controversial in this Chamber, in my view, but sometimes is. Finally, he has asked for an awfully modest amount of money to provide additional security along the border that the Border Patrol itself has asked for. That is really what is at issue. b1715 So when you vote against this legislation, you will be the ones voting to shut down the government, not the President, not my colleagues in this Chamber, not the Senate and whatever they decide to do in their infinite wisdom, but a ‘‘no’’ vote on the underlying legislation is a vote to shut down the government. A ‘‘yes’’ vote for the rule, which my friends would differ with, and that is fair enough, but a ‘‘yes’’ vote for the underlying legislation is the vote to keep the government open, take care of the disasters that we are faced with, and provide modest additional support for our border agents and Border Patrol. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I just need to correct the RECORD on a few things here. It was the President who said he would be proud to shut the government down. My colleague may recall not too long ago the President had a meeting with Speakerdesignate PELOSI and Leader SCHUMER over in the Senate. He bragged about it on camera. The President invited the cameras in, and he said: I would be proud to own a shutdown. That is what he said. So we know where the President stands on this. He doesn’t care about shutting the government down. We should. The gentleman said that votes on rules are always partisan. Well, for the most part they are, but not this morning—not this morning. My Republican friends brought a martial law rule to the floor, which we don’t really like because it basically condenses the process and we don’t have a lot of time to look at things. But nonetheless, we said we would vote for it. Almost every Democrat voted with Republicans to move this socalled martial law rule forward so that we could bring up the Senatepassed continuing resolution today and keep the government running and be able to pay the men and women who protect our borders. So we came in good faith, and we did that. We want border security. We just think wasting billions of dollars on a stupid wall that doesn’t do anything to protect our country is the wrong way to go. So if you want to vote to keep the government open, then you should vote with us to defeat the previous question because, if we defeat the previous question, then I will bring up the Senate passed continuing resolution, and we can all vote for it. We can all keep the government running. We can all go home and have a merry Christmas and a happy new year. That is how simple it is. My Republican friends are bringing a rule to the floor that says that, if you vote for this rule, there is no separate vote on the border wall. It is all together. They know what is going to happen. If it passes the House, it will go over to the Senate, and they are not going to accept this. They have already had a bipartisan compromise. They had a deal with the President until he changed his mind. So if you want to keep the government open, then vote with the Democrats on defeating the previous question, and we will bring up a clean CR and we will do the right thing. We will do what we thought we were going to be doing this morning until the Republicans got into a fight with one another, and here we are. Mr. Speaker, may I inquire of the gentleman how many more speakers he has. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close whenever my friend is. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I am looking at a headline here today. It says: ‘‘U.S. stocks clobbered, with Dow losing nearly 500 points, amid White House drama over government shutdown.’’ Mr. Speaker, creating chaos in the stock market is how a drama queen might act, but it is not how any President should behave. This is totally manufactured by the White House crisis. This is ridiculous that we are at this point, after all the agreements that have been reached in the Senate and, we thought, here in the House. The President turned the TV set on and started watching FOX News and got carried away and now is reneging on his agreement. That is unfortunate. But I would again say to my colleagues: Let us defeat the previous question, and we will bring up a clean CR. We will keep this government open, and we will do the right thing by the American people. And most importantly, we will make sure that the men and women who are protecting our border get paid during this Christmas holiday. It is the right thing to do. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my friend. As always, it is a spirited debate, and I want to be the first to say he is exactly right on a point he made. He did, earlier today, actually help me on this side of the aisle. I was evidently much more persuasive this morning than I have been this afternoon. But my friend is exactly right. On many occasions we have worked together, and I want to thank him for that. I also want to review just quickly what I see, at least, Mr. Speaker, as the main issues here. Number one, we all say we agree we want to keep the government funded, and I believe we all do. We don’t believe in government shutdowns. We all believe the government ought to be funded. The underlying legislation does exactly that. I think all of us, on both sides of the aisle, care about Americans who have been hurt in disasters, and we have shown that time and time again. We have struggled on occasion, but we generally get aid to where it is needed; and if we overlook somebody, we try and come back and do that again. This bill makes a goodfaith effort to provide billions of dollars in assistance to Americans who need it through no fault of their own, who have been ravaged by fire, who have been damaged by hurricanes, who face a variety of disasters, not just in the United States, but in the territories as well. If, again, we have overlooked something, we should go back and try and take care of that as well. Finally, it provides a very modest amount of money. Remember, this package, together, is over $250 billion. The difference between the two sides— unless my friends object to disaster relief, which I doubt they do—to be fair, is really $3.3 billion. That is what the President thinks he needs, an additional expenditure along the border, or $5 billion if you want to characterize it that way. But the difference between the two sides is only $3.3 billion. That doesn’t build a wall. We have been told the President is uncompromising. He is not uncompromising. He has been, for 2 years, talking about an 
elaborate border security of $25 billion. This is 5, not 25. This would not build a wall, but this would provide additional security. We all know there are points along the way where physical barriers matter and make a difference. I think that is what the President is asking for. My friends worry, and rightly so, about people not getting paid during a government shutdown, which I hope we avoid, quite frankly. But the men and women on the border have asked the President to do this. They support what he is trying to do. When we send troops into combat, I listen to what they have to say and what they need. So does this Congress, and it tries to provide it. We put people in a difficult situation along the border, and they tell us these are the sorts of tools they need. The President is trying to respond in this case, and I think we should support him in that effort. So, Mr. Speaker, I want to encourage all Members to support the rule. Today’s bill represents the next step toward fulfilling our primary obligation as Members of Congress to fund the government. While continuing resolutions are never the best way to fund the government, today’s measure will allow us to keep the entire government open and operating and providing needed services for our country and our constituents until February 8 of 2019. This measure will give Congress the time it needs to complete the rest of our work and fully fund the government through the end of fiscal year 2019. I want to applaud my colleagues for their work. The material previously referred to by Mr. MCGOVERN is as follows: 
ANAMENDMENT TO H. R ES. 1183 O FFERED BY MR. MCGOVERN  Strike all after the resolving clause and insert the following: ‘‘That upon adoption of this resolution it shall be in order to take from the Speaker’s table the bill (H.R. 695) to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment thereto, and to consider in the House, without intervention of any point of order, a motion offered by the chair of the Committee on Appropriations or his designee that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment. The Senate amendment and the motion shall be considered as read. The motion shall be debatable for one hour equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The previous question shall be considered as ordered on the motion to adoption without intervening motion. SEC. 2. Clause 1(c) of rule XIX shall not apply to the consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 695.’’. THEVOTE ON THE PREVIOUS QUESTION : WHAT ITREALLY MEANS  This vote, the vote on whether to order the previous question on a special rule, is not merely a procedural vote. A vote against ordering the previous question is a vote against the Republican majority agenda and a vote to allow the Democratic minority to offer an alternative plan. It is a vote about what the House should be debating. Mr. Clarence Cannon’s Precedents of the House of Representatives (VI, 308–311), describes the vote on the previous question on the rule as ‘‘a motion to direct or control the consideration of the subject before the House being made by the Member in charge.’’ To defeat the previous question is to give the opposition a chance to decide the subject before the House. Cannon cites the Speaker’s ruling of January 13, 1920, to the effect that ‘‘the refusal of the House to sustain the demand for the previous question passes the control of the resolution to the opposition’’ in order to offer an amendment. On March 15, 1909, a member of the majority party offered a rule resolution. The House defeated the previous question and a member of the opposition rose to a parliamentary inquiry, asking who was entitled to recognition. Speaker Joseph G. Cannon (R–Illinois) said: ‘‘The previous question having been refused, the gentleman from New York, Mr. Fitzgerald, who had asked the gentleman to yield to him for an amendment, is entitled to the first recognition.’’ The Republican majority may say ‘‘the vote on the previous question is simply a vote on whether to proceed to an immediate vote on adopting the resolution . . . [and] has no substantive legislative or policy implications whatsoever.’’ But that is not what they have always said. Listen to the Republican Leadership Manual on the Legislative Process in the United States House of Representatives, (6th edition, page 135). Here’s how the Republicans describe the previous question vote in their own manual: ‘‘Although it is generally not possible to amend the rule because the majority Member controlling the time will not yield for the purpose of offering an amendment, the same result may be achieved by voting down the previous question on the rule....  When the motion for the previous question is defeated, control of the time passes to the Member who led the opposition to ordering the previous question. That Member, because he then controls the time, may offer an amendment to the rule, or yield for the purpose of amendment.’’ In Deschler’s Procedure in the U.S. House of Representatives, the subchapter titled ‘‘Amending Special Rules’’ states: ‘‘a refusal to order the previous question on such a rule [a special rule reported from the Committee on Rules] opens the resolution to amendment and further debate.’’ (Chapter 21, section 21.2) Section 21.3 continues: ‘‘Upon rejection of the motion for the previous question on a resolution reported from the Committee on Rules, control shifts to the Member leading the opposition to the previous question, who may offer a proper amendment or motion and who controls the time for debate thereon.’’ Clearly, the vote on the previous question on a rule does have substantive policy implications. It is one of the only available tools for those who oppose the Republican majority’s agenda and allows those with alternative views the opportunity to offer an alternative plan. 
Mr. COLE. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time, and I move the previous question on the resolution. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on ordering the previous question. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 and clause 9 of rule XX, this 15minute vote on ordering the previous question will be followed by 5 minute votes on: Adoption of the resolution, if ordered; The motion to concur in the Senate amendment to H.R. 88 with an amendment; and The motion to suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments to H.R. 2606, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 223, nays 178, not voting 31, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry 
Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Morelle Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wild Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Black Capuano Comstock Costa Crowley Davis, Danny Duncan (SC) Hanabusa Hastings Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Messer Noem Polis Ratcliffe Rosen Roskam Rush Scott, David SheaPorter Sinema Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Trott Walz 
b1750 Ms. CLARK of Massachusetts, Ms. ESTY of Connecticut, Messrs. CLYBURN, GOTTHEIMER, and POCAN changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. RECORDED VOTE  
Mr. M CGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 221, noes 179, not voting 32, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Morelle Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wild Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—32 
Black Capuano Comstock Crowley Davis, Danny Duncan (SC) Hanabusa Hastings Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. MacArthur McCaul Messer Noem Polis Ratcliffe Rosen Roskam Schrader Scott, David SheaPorter Sinema Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Trott Walz 
b1800 So the resolution was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SHILOH NATIONAL MILITARY PARK BOUNDARY ADJUSTMENT AND PARKER’S CROSSROADS BATTLEFIELD DESIGNATION ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to concur in the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 88) to modify the boundary of the Shiloh National Military Park located in Tennessee and Mississippi, to establish Parker’s Crossroads Battlefield as an affiliated area of the National Park System, and for other purposes, with an amendment 
offered by the gentleman from Texas (Mr. BRADY ), on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk will redesignate the motion. The Clerk redesignated the motion. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion to concur. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 220, nays 183, not voting 29, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Ellison Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Morelle Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rokita RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wild Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—29 
Black Capuano Comstock Crowley Davis, Danny Duncan (SC) Hanabusa Hastings Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Messer Noem Polis Ratcliffe Rosen Roskam Scott, David SheaPorter Sinema Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Trott Walz 
b1816 Messrs. ENGEL and BISHOP of Georgia changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
STIGLER ACT AMENDMENTS OF 2018 The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the question on suspending the rules and concurring in the Senate amendments to the bill (H.R. 2606) to amend the Act of August 4, 1947 (commonly known as the Stigler Act), with respect to restrictions applicable to Indians of the Five Civilized Tribes of Oklahoma, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and concur in the Senate amendments. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This will be a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 399, noes 0, not voting 33, as follows: 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Harper Harris Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight 
Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Black Capuano Comstock Crowley Culberson Davis, Danny Duncan (SC) Ellison Hanabusa Handel Hastings Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. McHenry Messer Noem Polis Ratcliffe Rosen Roskam Scott, David SheaPorter Sinema Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Trott Walz 
b1824 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the Senate amendments were concurred in. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. CHILD PROTECTION IMPROVEMENTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, pursuant to House Resolution 1183, I call up the bill (H.R. 695) to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes, with the Senate amendment thereto, and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BYRNE ). The Clerk will designate the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment. Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the House amendment, insert the following: DIVISION A—FURTHER ADDITIONAL CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 SEC. 101. The Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019 (division C of Public Law 115–245) is further amended— (1) by striking the date specified in section 105(3) and inserting ‘‘February 8, 2019’’; and (2) by adding after section 136 the following: ‘‘SEC. 137. Notwithstanding section 251(a)(1) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and the timetable in section 254(a) of such Act, the final sequestration report for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to section 254(f)(1) of such Act and any order for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to section 254(f)(5) of such Act shall be issued, for the Congressional Budget Office, 10 days after the date specified in section 105(3), and for the Office of Management and Budget, 15 days after the date specified in section 105(3). ‘‘SEC. 138. The authority provided under title XXI of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), as amended by section 2(a) of the Protecting and Securing Chemical Facilities from Terrorist Attacks Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–254), shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 105(3). ‘‘SEC. 139. Section 319L(e)(1)(A) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e(e)(1)(A)) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 105(3) of this Act. ‘‘SEC. 140. Section 405(a) of the Pandemic and AllHazards Preparedness Act (42 U.S.C. 247d– 6a note) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 105(3) of this Act.’’. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Further Additional Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION B—MEDICAID EXTENDERS 
SEC. 101. EXTENSION OF MONEY FOLLOWS THE PERSON REBALANCING DEMONSTRATION. 
(a) G ENERAL FUNDING .—Section 6071(h) of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) subject to paragraph (3), $112,000,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘Amounts made’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to paragraph (3), amounts made’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) SPECIAL RULE FOR FY 2019.—Funds appropriated under paragraph (1)(F) shall be made available for grants to States only if such States have an approved MFP demonstration project under this section as of December 31, 2018.’’. (b) FUNDING FOR QUALITY ASSURANCE AND IMPROVEMENT ; T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE ; O VERSIGHT .—Section 6071(f) of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) FUNDING .—From the amounts appropriated under subsection (h)(1)(F) for fiscal year 2019, $500,000 shall be available to the Secretary for such fiscal year to carry out this subsection.’’. (c) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 6071(b) of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) SECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services.’’. 
SEC. 102. EXTENSION OF PROTECTION FOR MEDICAID RECIPIENTS OF HOME AND COMMUNITYBASED SERVICES AGAINST SPOUSAL IMPOVERISHMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2404 of Public Law 111–148 (42 U.S.C. 1396r–5 note) is amended by striking ‘‘the 5year period that begins on January 1, 2014,’’ and inserting ‘‘the period beginning on January 1, 2014, and ending on March 31, 2019,’’. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) PROTECTING STATE SPOUSAL INCOME AND  
AND PLAN AMENDMENTS .—Nothing in section 2404 of Public Law 111–148 (42 U.S.C. 1396r–5 note) or section 1924 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–5) shall be construed as prohibiting a State from disregarding an individual’s spousal income and assets under a State waiver or plan amendment described in paragraph (2) for purposes of making determinations of eligibility for home and communitybased services or home and communitybased attendant services and supports under such waiver or plan amendment. (2) STATE WAIVER OR PLAN AMENDMENT DE SCRIBED .—A State waiver or plan amendment described in this paragraph is any of the following: (A) A waiver or plan amendment to provide medical assistance for home and community based services under a waiver or plan amendment under subsection (c), (d), or (i) of section 1915 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396n) or under section 1115 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1315). (B) A plan amendment to provide medical assistance for home and communitybased services for individuals by reason of being determined eligible under section 1902(a)(10)(C) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(C)) or by reason of section 1902(f) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(f)) or otherwise on the basis of a reduction of income based on costs incurred for medical or other remedial care under which the State disregarded the income and assets of the individual’s spouse in determining the initial and ongoing financial eligibility of an individual for such services in place of the spousal impoverishment provisions applied under section 1924 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–5). (C) A plan amendment to provide medical assistance for home and communitybased attendant services and supports under section 1915(k) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396n(k)). 
SEC. 103. REDUCTION IN FMAP AFTER 2020 FOR STATES WITHOUT ASSET VERIFICATION PROGRAM. 
Section 1940 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396w) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(k) REDUCTION IN FMAP A FTER 2020 FOR NONCOMPLIANT STATES .— 
‘‘(1) I N GENERAL .—With respect to a calendar quarter beginning on or after January 1, 2021, the Federal medical assistance percentage otherwise determined under section 1905(b) for a non compliant State shall be reduced— ‘‘(A) for calendar quarters in 2021 and 2022, by 0.12 percentage points; ‘‘(B) for calendar quarters in 2023, by 0.25 percentage points; ‘‘(C) for calendar quarters in 2024, by 0.35 percentage points; and ‘‘(D) for calendar quarters in 2025 and each year thereafter, by 0.5 percentage points. ‘‘(2) NONCOMPLIANT STATE DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘noncompliant State’ means a State— ‘‘(A) that is one of the 50 States or the District of Columbia; ‘‘(B) with respect to which the Secretary has not approved a State plan amendment submitted under subsection (a)(2); and ‘‘(C) that is not operating, on an ongoing basis, an asset verification program in accordance with this section.’’. 
Section 1941(b)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396w–1(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$31,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,000,000’’. 
(a) S TATUTORY PAYGO SCORECARDS .—The budgetary effects of this division shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay AsYouGo Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(d)). (b) SENATE PAYGO SCORECARDS .—The budgetary effects of this division shall not be entered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress). (c) CLASSIFICATION OF BUDGETARY EFFECTS .— Notwithstanding Rule 3 of the Budget Scorekeeping Guidelines set forth in the joint explanatory statement of the committee of conference accompanying Conference Report 105– 217 and section 250(c)(8) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the budgetary effects of this division shall not be estimated— (1) for purposes of section 251 of such Act; and (2) for purposes of paragraph (4)(C) of section 3 of the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010 as being included in an appropriation Act. (d) PAYGO ANNUAL REPORT .—For the purposes of the annual report issued pursuant to section 5 of the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 934) after adjournment of the second session of the 115th Congress, and for determining whether a sequestration order is necessary under such section, the debit for the budget year on the 5year scorecard, if any, and the 10year scorecard, if any, shall be deducted from such scorecard in 2019 and added to such scorecard in 2020. 
Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I have a motion at the desk. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Clerk will designate the motion. The text of the motion is as follows: 
Mr. Frelinghuysen moves that the House concur in the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 695 with an amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–88. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to House Resolution 1183, the amendment consisting of the text of Rules Committee Print 115–88 shall be considered as read. The text of the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill is as follows: 
In lieu of the matter proposed to be inserted by the Senate, insert the following: DIVISION A—FURTHER ADDITIONAL CONTINUING APPROPRIATIONS ACT, 2019 SEC. 101. The Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019 (division C of Public Law 115–245) is further amended— (1) by striking the date specified in section 105(3) and inserting ‘‘February 8, 2019’’; and (2) by adding after section 136 the following: ‘‘SEC. 137. Notwithstanding section 251(a)(1) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and the timetable in section 254(a) of such Act, the final sequestration report for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to section 254(f)(1) of such Act and any order for fiscal year 2019 pursuant to section 254(f)(5) of such Act shall be issued, for the Congressional Budget Office, 10 days after the date specified in section 105(3), and for the Office of Management and Budget, 15 days after the date specified in section 105(3). ‘‘SEC. 138. The authority provided under title XXI of the Homeland Security Act of 2002 (6 U.S.C. 621 et seq.), as amended by section 2(a) of the Protecting and Securing Chemical Facilities from Terrorist Attacks Act of 2014 (Public Law 113–254), shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 105(3). ‘‘SEC. 139. Section 319L(e)(1)(A) of the Public Health Service Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–7e(e)(1)(A)) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 105(3) of this Act. ‘‘SEC. 140. Section 405(a) of the Pandemic and All Hazards Preparedness Act (42 U.S.C. 247d–6a note) shall continue in effect through the date specified in section 105(3) of this Act. ‘‘SEC. 141. Notwithstanding any other provision of this Act, there is appropriated for ‘U.S. Customs and Border Protection—Procurement, Construction, and Improvements’ $5,710,357,000 for fiscal year 2019, to remain available until September 30, 2023. ‘‘SEC. 142. Notwithstanding section 101, section 230 of division F of Public Law 115–141 shall not apply to amounts made available by this Act.’’. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Further Additional Continuing Appropriations Act, 2019’’. DIVISION B—MEDICAID EXTENDERS 
SEC. 101. EXTENSION OF MONEY FOLLOWS THE PERSON REBALANCING DEMONSTRATION. 
(a) G ENERAL FUNDING .—Section 6071(h) of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended— (1) in paragraph (1)— (A) in subparagraph (D), by striking ‘‘and’’ after the semicolon; (B) in subparagraph (E), by striking the period at the end and inserting ‘‘; and’’; and (C) by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(F) subject to paragraph (3), $112,000,000 for fiscal year 2019.’’; (2) in paragraph (2)— (A) by striking ‘‘Amounts made’’ and inserting ‘‘Subject to paragraph (3), amounts made’’; and (B) by striking ‘‘September 30, 2016’’ and inserting ‘‘September 30, 2021’’; and (3) by adding at the end the following new paragraph: ‘‘(3) SPECIAL RULE FOR FY 2019.—Funds appropriated under paragraph (1)(F) shall be made available for grants to States only if such States have an approved MFP demonstration project under this section as of December 31, 2018.’’. (b) FUNDING FOR QUALITY ASSURANCE AND IMPROVEMENT ; T ECHNICAL ASSISTANCE ; O VERSIGHT .—Section 6071(f) of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended by striking paragraph (2) and inserting the following: ‘‘(2) FUNDING .—From the amounts appropriated under subsection (h)(1)(F) for fiscal year 2019, $500,000 shall be available to the Secretary for such fiscal year to carry out this subsection.’’. (c) TECHNICAL AMENDMENT .—Section 6071(b) of the Deficit Reduction Act of 2005 (42 U.S.C. 1396a note) is amended by adding at the end the following: ‘‘(10) SECRETARY .—The term ‘Secretary’ means the Secretary of Health and Human Services.’’. 
SEC. 102. EXTENSION OF PROTECTION FOR MEDICAID RECIPIENTS OF HOME AND COMMUNITYBASED SERVICES AGAINST SPOUSAL IMPOVERISHMENT. 
(a) I NGENERAL .—Section 2404 of Public Law 111–148 (42 U.S.C. 1396r–5 note) is amended by striking ‘‘the 5year period that begins on January 1, 2014,’’ and inserting ‘‘the period beginning on January 1, 2014, and ending on March 31, 2019,’’. (b) RULE OF CONSTRUCTION .— (1) PROTECTING STATE SPOUSAL INCOME AND  
AND PLAN AMENDMENTS .—Nothing in section 2404 of Public Law 111–148 (42 U.S.C. 1396r–5 note) or section 1924 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–5) shall be construed as prohibiting a State from disregarding an individual’s spousal income and assets under a State waiver or plan amendment described in paragraph (2) for purposes of making determinations of eligibility for home and communitybased services or home and communitybased attendant services and supports under such waiver or plan amendment. (2) STATE WAIVER OR PLAN AMENDMENT DE SCRIBED .—A State waiver or plan amendment described in this paragraph is any of the following: (A) A waiver or plan amendment to provide medical assistance for home and community based services under a waiver or plan amendment under subsection (c), (d), or (i) of section 1915 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396n) or under section 1115 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1315). (B) A plan amendment to provide medical assistance for home and communitybased services for individuals by reason of being determined eligible under section 1902(a)(10)(C) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(a)(10)(C)) or by reason of section 1902(f) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396a(f)) or otherwise on the basis of a reduction of income based on costs incurred for medical or other remedial care under which the State disregarded the income and assets of the individual’s spouse in determining the initial and ongoing financial eligibility of an individual for such services in place of the spousal impoverishment provisions applied under section 1924 of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396r–5). (C) A plan amendment to provide medical assistance for home and communitybased attendant services and supports under section 1915(k) of such Act (42 U.S.C. 1396n(k)). 
SEC. 103. REDUCTION IN FMAP AFTER 2020 FOR STATES WITHOUT ASSET VERIFICATION PROGRAM. 
Section 1940 of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396w) is amended by adding at the end the following new subsection: ‘‘(k) REDUCTION IN FMAP A FTER 2020 FOR NONCOMPLIANT STATES .— ‘‘(1) IN GENERAL .—With respect to a calendar quarter beginning on or after January 1, 2021, the Federal medical assistance percentage otherwise determined under section 1905(b) for a non compliant State shall be reduced— ‘‘(A) for calendar quarters in 2021 and 2022, by 0.12 percentage points; ‘‘(B) for calendar quarters in 2023, by 0.25 percentage points; ‘‘(C) for calendar quarters in 2024, by 0.35 percentage points; and ‘‘(D) for calendar quarters in 2025 and each year thereafter, by 0.5 percentage points. ‘‘(2) NONCOMPLIANT STATE DEFINED .—For purposes of this subsection, the term ‘noncompliant State’ means a State— ‘‘(A) that is one of the 50 States or the District of Columbia; 
‘‘(B) with respect to which the Secretary has not approved a State plan amendment submitted under subsection (a)(2); and ‘‘(C) that is not operating, on an ongoing basis, an asset verification program in accordance with this section.’’. 
Section 1941(b)(1) of the Social Security Act (42 U.S.C. 1396w–1(b)(1)) is amended by striking ‘‘$31,000,000’’ and inserting ‘‘$6,000,000’’. 
(a) S TATUTORY PAYGO SCORECARDS .—The budgetary effects of this division shall not be entered on either PAYGO scorecard maintained pursuant to section 4(d) of the Statutory Pay AsYouGo Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 933(d)). (b) SENATE PAYGO SCORECARDS .—The budgetary effects of this division shall not be entered on any PAYGO scorecard maintained for purposes of section 4106 of H. Con. Res. 71 (115th Congress). (c) CLASSIFICATION OF BUDGETARY EFFECTS .— Notwithstanding Rule 3 of the Budget Scorekeeping Guidelines set forth in the joint explanatory statement of the committee of conference accompanying Conference Report 105– 217 and section 250(c)(8) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985, the budgetary effects of this division shall not be estimated— (1) for purposes of section 251 of such Act; and (2) for purposes of paragraph (4)(C) of section 3 of the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010 as being included in an appropriation Act. (d) PAYGO ANNUAL REPORT .—For the purposes of the annual report issued pursuant to section 5 of the Statutory PayAsYouGo Act of 2010 (2 U.S.C. 934) after adjournment of the second session of the 115th Congress, and for determining whether a sequestration order is necessary under such section, the debit for the budget year on the 5year scorecard, if any, and the 10year scorecard, if any, shall be deducted from such scorecard in 2019 and added to such scorecard in 2020. DIVISION C—ADDITIONAL SUPPLEMENTAL APPROPRIATIONS FOR DISASTER RELIEF, 2019 The following sums in this division are appropriated, out of any money in the Treasury not otherwise appropriated, for the fiscal year ending September 30, 2019, and for other purposes, namely: TITLE I DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE AGRICULTURAL PROGRAMS PROCESSING , RESEARCH AND MARKETING  OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Office of the Secretary’’, $1,105,442,000, which shall remain available until December 31, 2020, for necessary expenses related to losses of crops (including milk), trees, bushes, and vines, as a consequence of Hurricanes Michael and Florence, other hurricanes, typhoons, volcanic activity, and wildfires occurring in calendar year 2018 under such terms and conditions as determined by the Secretary: Provided, That the Secretary where authorized may provide assistance for such losses in the form of block grants to eligible states and territories and such assistance may include compensation to producers, as determined by the Secretary, for forest restoration and poultry and livestock losses: Provided further, That in the case of producers impacted by volcanic activity that resulted in the loss of crop land, or access to crop land, the Secretary shall consider all measures available, as appropriate, to bring replacement land into production: Provided further, That the total amount of payments received under this heading and applicable policies of crop insurance under the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) or the Noninsured Crop Disaster Assistance Program (NAP) under section 196 of the Federal Agriculture Improvement and Reform Act of 1996 (7 U.S.C. 7333) shall not exceed 85 percent of the loss as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That the total amount of payments received under this heading for producers who did not obtain a policy or plan of insurance for an insurable commodity for the applicable crop year under the Federal Crop Insurance Act (7 U.S.C. 1501 et seq.) for the crop incurring the losses or did not file the required paperwork and pay the service fee by the applicable State filing deadline for a noninsurable commodity for the applicable crop year under NAP for the crop incurring the losses shall not exceed 65 percent of the loss as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That producers receiving payments under this heading, as determined by the Secretary, shall be required to purchase crop insurance where crop insurance is available for the next two available crop years, excluding tree insurance policies, and producers receiving payments under this heading shall be required to purchase coverage under NAP where crop insurance is not available in the next two available crop years, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That, not later than 120 days after the end of fiscal year 2018, the Secretary shall submit a report to the Congress specifying the type, amount, and method of such assistance by state and territory: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. FARMSERVICE AGENCY  
EMERGENCY FOREST RESTORATION PROGRAM  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Emergency Forest Restoration Program’’, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Michael and Florence and wildfires occurring in calendar year 2018, and other natural disasters, $200,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATURAL RESOURCES CONSERVATION SERVICE  
WATERSHED AND FLOOD PREVENTION OPERATIONS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Watershed and Flood Prevention Operations’’, for necessary expenses for the Emergency Watershed Protection Program related to the consequences of Hurricanes Michael and Florence and of wildfires occurring in calendar year 2018, and other natural disasters, $125,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RURAL DEVELOPMENT  
ACCOUNT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Rural Community Facilities Program Account’’, $8,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for Community Facilities Technical Assistance and Training Grants pursuant to section 306(a)(26) of the Consolidated Farm and Rural Development Act to assist recovering communities in identifying public and private resources to address identified community facility needs related to disaster relief, longterm recovery, and economic revitalization as a consequence of Hurricanes Michael and Florence: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE SEC. 101. Notwithstanding section 3(r) of the Food and Nutrition Act of 2008 (7 U.S.C. 2028), not to exceed $8,500,000 of funds made available for the contingency reserve under the heading ‘‘Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program’’ of division A of Public Law 115–31 shall be available for the Secretary to provide a grant to the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands for disaster nutrition assistance in response to the Presidentially declared major disasters and emergencies: Provided, That funds made available to the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands under this section shall remain available for obligation by the Commonwealth until September 30, 2020, and shall be in addition to funds otherwise made available: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. SEC. 102. For purposes of administering Title I of Subdivision 1 of Division B of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–123), losses to agricultural producers resulting from hurricanes shall also include losses incurred from Tropical Storm Cindy and losses of peach and blueberry crops in calendar year 2017 due to extreme cold: Provided, That the amounts provided by this section are designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That amounts repurposed under this heading that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE II DEPARTMENT OF COMMERCE ECONOMIC DEVELOPMENT ADMINISTRATION  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  Pursuant to section 703 of the Public Works and Economic Development Act (42 U.S.C. 3233), for an additional amount for ‘‘Economic Development Assistance Programs’’ for necessary expenses related to flood mitigation, disaster relief, longterm recovery, and restoration of infrastructure in areas that received a major disaster designation as a result of Hurricanes Florence, Michael and Lane, Typhoons Yutu and Mangkhut, and of wildfires, volcanic eruptions and other natural disasters occurring in calendar year 2018 under the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.), $300,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That within the amount appropriated, up to 2 percent of funds may be transferred to the ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ account for administration and oversight activities: Provided further, That within the amount appropriated, $1,000,000 shall be transferred to the ‘‘Office of Inspector General’’ account for carrying out investigations and audits related to the funding provided under this heading. NATIONAL OCEANIC AND ATMOSPHERIC  ADMINISTRATION  
OPERATIONS , RESEARCH , AND FACILITIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations, Research, and Facilities’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael, Typhoon Yutu, and of wildfires occurring in calendar year 2018, $70,570,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, as follows: (1) $3,000,000 for repair and replacement of observing assets, real property, and equipment; (2) $11,000,000 for marine debris assessment and removal; 
(3) $31,570,000 for mapping, charting, and geodesy services; and (4) $25,000,000 to improve (a) hurricane intensity forecasting, including through deployment of unmanned ocean observing platforms and enhanced data assimilation; (b) flood prediction, forecasting, and mitigation capabilities; and (c) wildfire prediction, detection, and forecasting: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall submit a spending plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate for funding provided under subsection (4) of this heading within 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
PROCUREMENT , ACQUISITION AND CONSTRUCTION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Acquisition and Construction’’, $25,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, for improvements to operational and research weather supercomputing infrastructure and satellite ground services used for hurricane intensity and track prediction; flood prediction, forecasting, and mitigation; and wildfire prediction, detection, and forecasting: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration shall submit a spending plan to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate within 45 days after the date of enactment of this Act. 
FISHERY DISASTER ASSISTANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Fishery Disaster Assistance’’ for necessary expenses associated with the mitigation of fishery disasters, $82,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds shall be used for mitigating the effects of commercial fishery failures and fishery resource disasters declared by the Secretary of Commerce, as well as those declared by the Secretary to be a direct result of Hurricanes Florence and Michael and Typhoons Yutu and Mangkhut: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DEPARTMENT OF JUSTICE UNITED STATES MARSHALS SERVICE  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael, and Typhoon Yutu, $1,336,000: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. FEDERAL PRISON SYSTEM 
BUILDINGS AND FACILITIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Buildings and Facilities’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael and Typhoon Yutu, $28,400,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RELATED AGENCIES LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION  
PAYMENT TO THE LEGAL SERVICES CORPORATION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Payment to the Legal Services Corporation’’ to carry out the purposes of the Legal Services Corporation Act by providing for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael, Typhoons Yutu and Mangkhut, and calendar year 2018 wildfires and volcanic eruptions, $5,000,000: Provided, That the amount made available under this heading shall be used only to provide the mobile resources, technology, and disaster coordinators necessary to provide stormrelated services to the Legal Services Corporation client population and only in the areas significantly affected by Hurricanes Florence and Michael, Typhoons Yutu and Mangkhut, and calendar year 2018 wildfires and volcanic eruptions: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That none of the funds appropriated in this division to the Legal Services Corporation shall be expended for any purpose prohibited or limited by, or contrary to any of the provisions of, sections 501, 502, 503, 504, 505, and 506 of Public Law 105–119, and all funds appropriated in this division to the Legal Services Corporation shall be subject to the same terms and conditions set forth in such sections, except that all references in sections 502 and 503 to 1997 and 1998 shall be deemed to refer instead to 2018 and 2019, respectively, and except that sections 501 and 503 of Public Law 104–134 (referenced by Public Law 105–119) shall not apply to the amount made available under this heading: Provided further, That, for the purposes of this division, the Legal Services Corporation shall be considered an agency of the United States Government. TITLE III DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE—MILITARY OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , MARINE CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Marine Corps’’, $200,000,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Michael and Florence: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance, Air Force’’, $400,000,000, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Michael and Florence: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE IV CORPS OF ENGINEERS—CIVIL DEPARTMENT OF THE ARMY 
INVESTIGATIONS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Investigations’’ for necessary expenses related to the completion, or initiation and completion, of flood and storm damage reduction, including shore protection, studies which are currently authorized or which are authorized after the date of enactment of this division, to reduce risk from future floods and hurricanes, at full Federal expense, $50,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That funds made available under this heading shall be for highpriority studies of projects in States that were impacted by Hurricane Florence: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report directly to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, including new studies selected to be initiated using funds provided under this heading, beginning not later than 60 days after the enactment of this division. CONSTRUCTION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Construction’’, $250,000,000, to construct flood and storm damage reduction, including shore protection, projects which are currently authorized or which are authorized after the date of enactment of this division, and flood and storm damage reduction, including shore protection, projects which have signed Chief’s Reports as of the date of enactment of this division or which are studied using funds provided under the heading ‘‘Investigations’’ if the Secretary determines such projects to be technically feasible, economically justified, and environmentally acceptable, in States that were impacted by Hurricane Florence: Provided, That for projects receiving funding under this heading, the provisions of section 902 of the Water Resources Development Act of 1986 shall not apply to these funds: Provided further, That the completion of ongoing construction projects receiving funds provided under this heading shall be at full Federal expense with respect to such funds: Provided further, That using funds provided under this heading, the nonFederal cash contribution for projects eligible for funding pursuant to the first proviso shall be financed in accordance with the provisions of section 103(k) of Public Law 99–662 over a period of 30 years from the date of completion of the project or separable element: Provided further, That not less than $15,000,000 of the funds made available under this heading shall be used for continuing authorities projects to reduce the risk of flooding and storm damage: Provided further, That any projects using funds appropriated under this heading shall be initiated only after nonFederal interests have entered into binding agreements with the Secretary requiring, where applicable, the nonFederal interests to pay 100 percent of the operation, maintenance, repair, replacement, and rehabilitation costs of the project and to hold and save the United States free from damages due to the construction or operation and maintenance of the project, except for damages due to the fault or negligence of the United States or its contractors: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report directly to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, beginning not later than 60 days after the enactment of this division. 
MISSISSIPPI RIVER AND TRIBUTARIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Mississippi River and Tributaries’’ for necessary expenses to address emergency situations at Corps of Engineers projects and rehabilitate and repair damages to Corps of Engineers projects, caused by natural disasters, $225,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report directly to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, beginning not later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act. 
OPERATION AND MAINTENANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operation and Maintenance’’ for necessary expenses to dredge Federal navigation projects in response to, and repair damages to Corps of Engineers Federal 
projects caused by, natural disasters, $245,000,000, to remain available until expended, of which such sums as are necessary to cover the Federal share of eligible operation and maintenance costs for coastal harbors and channels, and for inland harbors shall be derived from the Harbor Maintenance Trust Fund: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That the Assistant Secretary of the Army for Civil Works shall provide a monthly report directly to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate detailing the allocation and obligation of these funds, beginning not later than 60 days after the enactment of this Act. DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR CENTRAL UTAHPROJECT  
CENTRAL UTAH PROJECT COMPLETION ACCOUNT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Central Utah Project Completion Account’’, $350,000, to be deposited into the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Account for use by the Utah Reclamation Mitigation and Conservation Commission, to remain available until expended, for expenses necessary in carrying out fire remediation activities related to wildfires in 2018: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. BUREAU OF RECLAMATION  
WATER AND RELATED RESOURCES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Water and Related Resources’’, $15,500,000, to remain available until expended, for fire remediation and suppression emergency assistance related to wildfires in 2017 and 2018: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE V DEPARTMENT OF HOMELAND SECURITY COAST GUARD  
OPERATIONS AND SUPPORT  For an additional amount for ‘‘Operations and Support’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Michael, Florence, and Lane, Tropical Storm Gordon, and Typhoon Mangkhut, $46,977,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
ENVIRONMENTAL COMPLIANCE AND RESTORATION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Environmental Compliance and Restoration’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Michael and Florence, $2,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
IMPROVEMENTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Procurement, Construction, and Improvements’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Michael, Florence, and Lane, Tropical Storm Gordon, and Typhoon Mangkhut, $194,755,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023: Provided, That, not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of Homeland Security, or her designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a detailed expenditure plan for funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE VI DEPARTMENT OF THE INTERIOR UNITED STATES FISH AND WILDLIFE SERVICE  
CONSTRUCTION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Construction’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence, Lane, and Michael, flooding associated with major declared disaster DR 4365, and calendar year 2018 earthquakes, $32,400,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. NATIONAL PARKSERVICE  
HISTORIC PRESERVATION FUND  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Historic Preservation Fund’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael, and Typhoon Yutu, $50,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2022, including costs to States and territories necessary to complete compliance activities required by section 306108 of title 54, United States Code (formerly section 106 of the National Historic Preservation Act) and costs needed to administer the program: Provided, That grants shall only be available for areas that have received a major disaster declaration pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided further, That individual grants shall not be subject to a nonFederal matching requirement: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
CONSTRUCTION  For an additional amount for ‘‘Construction’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael, Typhoons Yutu and Mangkhut, calendar year 2018 wildfires, earthquakes, and volcanic eruptions, $78,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. UNITED STATES GEOLOGICAL SURVEY  
SURVEYS , INVESTIGATIONS , AND RESEARCH  For an additional amount for ‘‘Surveys, Investigations, and Research’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael, earthquake damage associated with emergency declaration EM 3410, and in those areas impacted by a major disaster declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) with respect to calendar year 2018 wildfires or volcanic eruptions, $69,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That of this amount, $43,310,000 is for costs related to the repair and replacement of equipment and facilities damaged by disasters in 2018: Provided further, That, not later than 90 days after enactment of this Act, the Survey shall submit a report to the Committees on Appropriations that describes the potential options to replace the facility damaged by the 2018 volcano disaster along with cost estimates and a description of how the Survey will provide direct access for monitoring volcanic activity and the potential threat to atrisk communities: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DEPARTMENTAL OFFICES  INSULAR AFFAIRS  
ASSISTANCE TO TERRITORIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Technical Assistance’’ for financial management expenses related to the consequences of Typhoon Yutu, $2,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OFFICE OF INSPECTOR GENERAL  
SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of major disasters declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et. seq.) in 2018, $1,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. RELATED AGENCIES ENVIRONMENTAL PROTECTION AGENCY  
SCIENCE AND TECHNOLOGY  For an additional amount for ‘‘Science and Technology’’ for necessary expenses related to improving preparedness of the water sector, $600,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
FUND PROGRAM  For an additional amount for ‘‘Leaking Underground Storage Tank Fund’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael, and Typhoon Yutu, $1,500,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
STATE AND TRIBAL ASSISTANCE GRANTS  For an additional amount for ‘‘State and Tribal Assistance Grants’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael for the hazardous waste financial assistance grants program, $1,000,000, to remain available until expended; for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Typhoon Yutu for the hazardous waste financial assistance grants program and for other solid waste management activities, $56,000,000, to remain available until expended; and for grants under section 106 of the Federal Water Pollution Control Act, $5,000,000, to remain available until expended, to address impacts of Hurricane Florence, Hurricane Michael, Typhoon Yutu, and calendar year 2018 wildfires, notwithstanding paragraphs (b), (e), and (f), of such section: Provided, That such amounts are designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DEPARTMENT OF AGRICULTURE FOREST SERVICE  
FOREST AND RANGELAND RESEARCH  For an additional amount for ‘‘Forest and Rangeland Research’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael, and calendar year 2018 wildfires, $1,000,000, to remain available until 
expended for the forest inventory and analysis program: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
STATE AND PRIVATE FORESTRY  For an additional amount for ‘‘State and Private Forestry’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael, and calendar year 2018 wildfires, $2,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
NATIONAL FOREST SYSTEM  For an additional amount for ‘‘National Forest System’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael, and calendar year 2018 wildfires, $63,960,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
CAPITAL IMPROVEMENT AND MAINTENANCE  For an additional amount for ‘‘Capital Improvement and Maintenance’’ for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael, and calendar year 2018 wildfires, $36,040,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Wildland Fire Management’’, $720,271,000, to remain available through September 30, 2022, for urgent wildland fire suppression operations: Provided, That such funds shall be solely available to be transferred to and merged with other appropriations accounts from which funds were previously transferred for wildland fire suppression in fiscal year 2018 to fully repay those amounts: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISION—THIS TITLE SEC. 601. Not later than 45 days after enactment, the Agencies receiving funds appropriated by this title shall provide a detailed operating plan of anticipated uses of funds made available in this title by State and Territory, and by program, project, or activity, to the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That no funds shall be obligated before the operating plans are provided to the Committees: Provided further, That such plans shall be updated, including obligations to date, and submitted to the Committees on Appropriations every 60 days until all funds are expended. TITLE VII DEPARTMENT OF HEALTH AND HUMAN SERVICES ADMINISTRATION FOR CHILDREN AND FAMILIES  
CHILDREN AND FAMILIES SERVICES PROGRAMS  For an additional amount for ‘‘Children and Families Services Programs’’, $25,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2021, for Head Start programs, for necessary expenses directly related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael, Typhoons Mangkhut and Yutu, and wildfires occurring in 2018 in those areas for which a major disaster or emergency has been declared under section 401 or 501 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 and 5190), including making payments under the Head Start Act: Provided, That none of the funds appropriated in this paragraph shall be included in the calculation of the ‘‘base grant’’ in subsequent fiscal years, as such term is defined in sections 640(a)(7)(A), 641A(h)(1)(B), or 645(d)(3) of the Head Start Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph are not subject to the allocation requirements of section 640(a) of the Head Start Act: Provided further, That funds appropriated in this paragraph shall not be available for costs that are reimbursed by the Federal Emergency Management Agency, under a contract for insurance, or by selfinsurance: Provided further, That up to $500,000 shall be available for Federal administrative expenses: Provided further, That obligations incurred for the purposes provided herein prior to the date of enactment of this Act may be charged to funds appropriated under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. OFFICE OF THE SECRETARY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Public Health and Social Services Emergency Fund’’, $15,500,000, to remain available until September 30, 2020, for necessary expenses directly related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael, Typhoons Mangkhut and Yutu, and wildfires occurring in calendar year 2018 in those areas for which a major disaster or emergency has been declared under section 401 or 501 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 and 5190) (referred to under this heading as ‘‘covered disaster or emergency’’), including activities authorized under section 319(a) of the Public Health Service Act (referred to in this title as the ‘‘PHS Act’’): Provided, That of the amount provided, $7,500,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘Health Resources and Services Administration—Primary Health Care’’, for expenses directly related to the covered disaster or emergency for disaster response and recovery, for the Health Centers Program under section 330 of the PHS Act, including alteration, renovation, construction, equipment, and other capital improvement costs as necessary to meet the needs of areas affected by a covered disaster or emergency: Provided further, That the time limitation in section 330(e)(3) of the PHS Act shall not apply to funds made available under the preceding proviso: Provided further, That of the amount provided, not less than $7,500,000 shall be transferred to ‘‘Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration—Health Surveillance and Program Support’’ for grants, contracts, and cooperative agreements for behavioral health treatment, crisis counseling, treatment of substance abuse disorders, and other related helplines, and for other similar programs to provide support to a covered disaster or emergency: Provided further, That of the amount provided, up to $500,000, to remain available until expended, shall be transferred to ‘‘Office of the Secretary—Office of Inspector General’’ for oversight of activities responding to such hurricanes, typhoons, and wildfires: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DEPARTMENT OF EDUCATION HURRICANE EDUCATION RECOVERY  
(INCLUDING TRANSFER OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Hurricane Education Recovery’’, $50,000,000, to remain available through September 30, 2021, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael, Typhoons Mangkhut and Yutu, and wildfires or earthquakes occurring in 2018 in those areas for which a major disaster or emergency has been declared under sections 401 or 501 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5170 and 5190) (referred to under this heading as ‘‘covered disaster or emergency’’), for assisting in meeting the educational needs of individuals affected by a covered disaster or emergency: Provided, That such assistance may be provided through any of the programs authorized under this heading in title VIII of subdivision 1 of division B of Public Law 115–123 (as amended by Public Law 115–141), as determined by the Secretary of Education, and subject to the terms and conditions that applied to those program, except that the Secretary shall understand references to dates and school years in Public Law 115–123 to be the corresponding dates and school years for the covered disaster or emergency: Provided further, That the Secretary of Education may determine the amounts to be used for each such program: Provided further, That $500,000 of the funds made available under this heading, to remain available until expended, shall be transferred to the Office of the Inspector General of the Department of Education for oversight of activities supported with funds appropriated under this heading, and up to $500,000 of the funds made available under this heading shall be for program administration: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE SEC. 701. Not later than 30 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretaries of Health and Human Services and Education shall provide a detailed spend plan of anticipated uses of funds made available in this title, including estimated personnel and administrative costs, to the Committees on Appropriations: Provided, That such plans shall be updated and submitted to the Committees on Appropriations every 60 days until all funds are expended or expire. SEC. 702. Unless otherwise provided for by this title, the additional amounts appropriated by this title to appropriations accounts shall be available under the authorities and conditions applicable to such appropriations accounts for fiscal year 2019. TITLE VIII LEGISLATIVE BRANCH GOVERNMENT ACCOUNTABILITY OFFICE SALARIES AND EXPENSES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Salaries and Expenses’’, $4,000,000, to remain available until expended, for audits and investigations relating to Hurricanes Florence, Lane, and Michael, Typhoons Yutu and Mangkhut, the 2018 wildfires and volcano eruptions, and other disasters declared pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided, That not later than 90 days after the date of enactment of this Act, the Government Accountability Office shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a spend plan specifying funding estimates for audits and investigations of any such declared disasters occurring in 2018 and identifying funding estimates or carryover balances, if any, that may be available for audits and investigations of any other such declared disasters: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. 
TITLE IX DEPARTMENT OF DEFENSE MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , NAVY AND MARINE  CORPS For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Navy and Marine Corps’’, $90,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, for planning and design related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael: Provided, That not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Navy, or his designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a detailed expenditure plan for funds provided under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , AIRFORCE For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Air Force’’, $150,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, for planning and design related to the consequences of Hurricane Michael: Provided, That none of the funds shall be available for obligation until the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate receive a basing plan and future mission requirements for installations damaged by Hurricane Michael: Provided further, That, not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Secretary of the Air Force, or his designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a detailed expenditure plan for funds provided under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. MILITARY CONSTRUCTION , ARMYNATIONAL  GUARD  For an additional amount for ‘‘Military Construction, Army National Guard’’, $42,400,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael: Provided, That none of the funds shall be available for obligation until the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate receive a form 1391 for each specific project: Provided further, That, not later than 60 days after enactment of this Act, the Director of the Army National Guard, or his designee, shall submit to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a detailed expenditure plan for funds provided under this heading: Provided further, That such funds may be obligated or expended for military construction projects not otherwise authorized by law: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DEPARTMENT OF VETERANS AFFAIRS VETERANS HEALTH ADMINISTRATION  
MEDICAL FACILITIES  For an additional amount for ‘‘Medical Facilities’’, $3,000,000, to remain available until September 30, 2023, for necessary expenses related to the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael and Typhoons Mangkhut and Yutu: Provided, That the Secretary of Veterans Affairs, upon determination that such action is necessary to address needs as a result of the consequences of Hurricanes Florence and Michael and Typhoons Mangkhut and Yutu, may transfer such funds to any discretionary account of the Department of Veterans Affairs: Provided further, That before a transfer may take place, the Secretary of Veterans Affairs shall submit notice thereof to the Committee on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate: Provided further, That none of these funds shall be available for obligation until the Secretary of Veterans Affairs submits to the Committees on Appropriations of the House of Representatives and the Senate a detailed expenditure plan for funds provided under this heading: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE X DEPARTMENT OF TRANSPORTATION FEDERAL AVIATION ADMINISTRATION  
(AIRPORT AND AIRWAY TRUST FUND)  Of the amounts made available for ‘‘Federal Aviation Administration–Operations’’ in Division B of the Bipartisan Budget Act of 2018 (Public Law 115–123), up to $18,000,000 shall also be available for necessary expenses related to the consequences of major declared disasters occurring in calendar year 2018: Provided, That amounts repurposed under this heading that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. FEDERAL HIGHWAY ADMINISTRATION  
EMERGENCY RELIEF PROGRAM  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Emergency Relief Program’’ as authorized under section 125 of title 23, United States Code, $1,650,000,000, to remain available until expended: Provided, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. FEDERAL TRANSIT ADMINISTRATION  
PROGRAM  For an additional amount for the ‘‘Public Transportation Emergency Relief Program’’ as authorized under section 5324 of title 49, United States Code, $10,542,000 to remain available until expended, for transit systems affected by major declared disasters in 2018: Provided, That not more than threequarters of one percent of the funds for public transportation emergency relief shall be available for administrative expenses and ongoing program management oversight as authorized under sections 5334 and 5338(f)(2) of such title and shall be in addition to any other appropriations for such purpose: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. DEPARTMENT OF HOUSING AND URBAN DEVELOPMENT COMMUNITY PLANNING AND DEVELOPMENT  
(INCLUDING TRANSFERS OF FUNDS)  For an additional amount for ‘‘Community Development Fund’’, $1,060,000,000, to remain available until expended, for necessary expenses for activities authorized under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) related to disaster relief, longterm recovery, restoration of infrastructure and housing, economic revitalization, and mitigation in the most impacted and distressed areas resulting from a major disaster that occurred in 2018 pursuant to the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.): Provided, That funds shall be awarded directly to the State, unit of general local government, or Indian tribe (as such term is defined in section 102 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974) at the discretion of the Secretary: Provided further, That any funds made available under this heading and under the same heading in Public Law 115–254 that remain available after the funds under such headings have been allocated for necessary expenses for activities authorized under such headings shall be allocated to grantees that received allocations for disasters that occurred in 2018 for mitigation activities in the most impacted and distressed areas resulting from a major disaster that occurred in 2018: Provided further, That such allocations shall be made in the same proportion that the amount of funds each grantee received under this division and the same heading in division I of Public Law 115–254 bears to the amount of all funds provided to all grantees that received allocations for disasters that occurred in 2018: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under the text preceding the first proviso under this heading and under the same heading in Public Law 115–254, the Secretary shall allocate to all such grantees an aggregate amount not less than 33 percent of the sum of such amounts of funds within 120 days after the enactment of this Act based on the best available data, and shall allocate no less than 100 percent of such funds by no later than 180 days after enactment of this Act: Provided further, That the Secretary shall not prohibit the use of funds made available under this heading and the same heading in Public Law 115–254 for nonFederal share as authorized by section 105(a)(9) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5305(a)(9)): Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, grantees may establish grant programs to assist small businesses for working capital purposes to aid in recovery: Provided further, That as a condition of making any grant, the Secretary shall certify in advance that such grantee has in place proficient financial controls and procurement processes and has established adequate procedures to prevent any duplication of benefits as defined by section 312 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5155), to ensure timely expenditure of funds, to maintain comprehensive websites regarding all disaster recovery activities assisted with these funds, and to detect and prevent waste, fraud, and abuse of funds: Provided further, That with respect to any such duplication of benefits, the Secretary and any grantee under this section shall not take into consideration or reduce the amount provided to any applicant for assistance from the grantee where such applicant applied for and was approved, but declined assistance related to such major declared disasters that occurred in 2017 and 2018 from the Small Business Administration under section 7(b) of the Small Business Act (15 U.S.C. 636(b)): Provided further, That the Secretary shall require grantees to maintain on a public website information containing common reporting criteria established by the Department that permits individuals and entities awaiting assistance and the general public to see how all grant funds are used, including copies of all relevant procurement documents, grantee administrative contracts and details of ongoing procurement processes, as determined by the Secretary: Provided further, That prior to the obligation of funds a grantee shall submit a plan to the Secretary for approval detailing the proposed use of all funds, including criteria for eligibility and how the use of these funds will address longterm recovery and restoration of infrastructure and housing, economic revitalization, and mitigation in the most impacted and distressed areas: Provided further, That such funds may not be used for activities reimbursable by, or for which funds are made available by, the Federal Emergency Management Agency or the Army Corps of Engineers: Provided further, That funds allocated under this heading shall not be considered relevant to the nondisaster formula allocations 
made pursuant to section 106 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5306): Provided further, That a State, unit of general local government, or Indian tribe may use up to 5 percent of its allocation for administrative costs: Provided further, That the first proviso under this heading in the Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2018 (division I of Public Law 115–254) is amended by striking ‘‘State or unit of general local government’’ and inserting ‘‘State, unit of general local government, or Indian tribe (as such term is defined in section 102 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5302))’’: Provided further, That the sixth proviso under this heading in the Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief Requirements Act, 2018 (division I of Public Law 115–254) is amended by striking ‘‘State or subdivision thereof’’ and inserting ‘‘State, unit of general local government, or Indian tribe (as such term is defined in section 102 of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5302))’’: Provided further, That in administering the funds under this heading, the Secretary of Housing and Urban Development may waive, or specify alternative requirements for, any provision of any statute or regulation that the Secretary administers in connection with the obligation by the Secretary or the use by the recipient of these funds (except for requirements related to fair housing, nondiscrimination, labor standards, and the environment), if the Secretary finds that good cause exists for the waiver or alternative requirement and such waiver or alternative requirement would not be inconsistent with the overall purpose of title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974: Provided further, That, notwithstanding the preceding proviso, recipients of funds provided under this heading that use such funds to supplement Federal assistance provided under section 402, 403, 404, 406, 407, 408(c)(4), or 502 of the Robert T. Stafford Disaster Relief and Emergency Assistance Act (42 U.S.C. 5121 et seq.) may adopt, without review or public comment, any environmental review, approval, or permit performed by a Federal agency, and such adoption shall satisfy the responsibilities of the recipient with respect to such environmental review, approval or permit: Provided further, That, notwithstanding section 104(g)(2) of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5304(g)(2)), the Secretary may, upon receipt of a request for release of funds and certification, immediately approve the release of funds for an activity or project assisted under this heading if the recipient has adopted an environmental review, approval or permit under the preceding proviso or the activity or project is categorically excluded from review under the National Environmental Policy Act of 1969 (42 U.S.C. 4321 et seq.): Provided further, That the Secretary shall publish via notice in the Federal Register any waiver, or alternative requirement, to any statute or regulation that the Secretary administers pursuant to title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 no later than 5 days before the effective date of such waiver or alternative requirement: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading, up to $5,000,000 shall be made available for capacity building and technical assistance, including assistance on contracting and procurement processes, to support States, units of general local government, or Indian tribes (and their subrecipients) that receive allocations pursuant to this heading, received disaster recovery allocations under the same heading in Public Law 115–254, or may receive similar allocations for disaster recovery in future appropriations Acts: Provided further, That of the amounts made available under this heading and under the same heading in Public Law 115254, up to $2,500,000 shall be transferred, in aggregate, to ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Program Office Salaries and Expenses— Community Planning and Development’’ for necessary costs, including information technology costs, of administering and overseeing the obligation and expenditure of amounts under this heading: Provided further, That the amount specified in the preceding proviso shall be combined with funds appropriated under the same heading and for the same purpose in Public Law 115– 254 and the aggregate of such amounts shall be available for any of the purposes specified under this heading or the same heading in Public Law 115–254 without limitation: Provided further, That such amount is designated by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985: Provided further, That amounts repurposed under this heading that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act are designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS TITLE SEC. 1001. (a) Amounts previously made available for activities authorized under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) related to disaster relief, longterm recovery, restoration of infrastructure and housing, economic revitalization, and mitigation in the most impacted and distressed areas resulting from a major disaster, including funds provided under section 145 of division C of Public Law 114–223, section 192 of division C of Public Law 114–223 (as added by section 101(3) of division A of Public Law 114–254), section 421 of division K of Public Law 115–31, and any mitigation funding provided under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development–Community Planning and Development–Community Development Fund’’ of Public Law 115–123 that were allocated in response to Hurricane Matthew may be used interchangeably and without limitation for the same activities in the most impacted and distressed areas related to Hurricane Florence. In addition, any funds provided under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Community Planning and Development—Community Development Fund’’ in this Act or in division I of Public Law 115–254 that are allocated in response to Hurricane Florence may be used interchangeably and without limitation for the same activities in the most impacted and distressed areas related to Hurricane Matthew. Until HUD publishes the Federal Register Notice implementing this provision, grantees may submit for HUD approval revised plans for the use of funds related to Hurricane Matthew that expand the eligible beneficiaries of existing programs contained in such previously approved plans to include those impacted by Hurricane Florence. Approval of any such revised plans shall include the execution of revised grant terms and conditions as necessary. (b) Amounts made available for administrative costs for activities authorized under title I of the Housing and Community Development Act of 1974 (42 U.S.C. 5301 et seq.) related to disaster relief, longterm recovery, restoration of infrastructure and housing, economic revitalization, and mitigation in the most impacted and distressed areas under this title or any future Act, and amounts previously provided under section 420 of division L of Public Law 114–113, section 145 of division C of Public Law 114–223, section 192 of division C of Public Law 114–223 (as added by section 101(3) of division A of Public Law 114–254), section 421 of division K of Public Law 115–31, and under the heading ‘‘Department of Housing and Urban Development—Community Planning and Development—Community Development Fund’’ of division B of Public Law 115–56, Public Law 115–123, and Public Law 115– 254, shall be available for eligible administrative costs of the grantee related to any disaster relief funding identified in this subsection without regard to the particular disaster appropriation from which such funds originated. (c) Amounts repurposed pursuant to this section that were previously designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement or as being for disaster relief pursuant to the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act are designated by the Congress, respectively, as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 or as being for disaster relief pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(D) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985. TITLE XI GENERAL PROVISIONS—THIS DIVISION SEC. 1101. Each amount appropriated or made available by this division is in addition to amounts otherwise appropriated for the fiscal year involved. SEC. 1102. No part of any appropriation contained in this division shall remain available for obligation beyond the current fiscal year unless expressly so provided herein. SEC. 1103. Unless otherwise provided for by this division, the additional amounts appropriated by this division to appropriations accounts shall be available under the authorities and conditions applicable to such appropriations accounts for fiscal year 2019. SEC. 1104. Each amount designated in this division by the Congress as being for an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 shall be available (or rescinded or transferred, if applicable) only if the President subsequently so designates all such amounts and transmits such designations to the Congress. SEC. 1105. For purposes of this division, the consequences or impacts of any hurricane shall include damages caused by the storm at any time during the entirety of its duration as a cyclone, as defined by the National Hurricane Center. SEC. 1106. Any amount appropriated by this division, designated by the Congress as an emergency requirement pursuant to section 251(b)(2)(A)(i) of the Balanced Budget and Emergency Deficit Control Act of 1985 and subsequently so designated by the President, and transferred pursuant to transfer authorities provided by this division shall retain such designation. This division may be cited as the ‘‘Additional Supplemental Appropriations for Disaster Relief, 2019’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The motion shall be debatable for 1 hour, equally divided and controlled by the chair and ranking minority member of the Committee on Appropriations. The gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ) and the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. LOWEY ) each will control 30 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New Jersey. b1830 Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the House amendment to the Senate amendment to H.R. 695, a bill making further additional continuing appropriations for the fiscal year 2019. This measure keeps our government open until February 8, 2019, and prevents a costly, destabilizing government shutdown. This continuing resolution reflects the House position on 
border security and provides $5 billion for the construction of physical barriers at our borders. This is the same amount that was provided in the Homeland Security funding bill approved by the House Appropriations Committee back in July of this year. In addition, this legislation includes $7.8 billion in supplemental funding for disaster relief. Congress has always been responsive to hurricanes, and wildfires, and typhoons, and other natural disasters. We must continue to do so to help our fellow Americans as they rebuild their lives and livelihoods. I don’t support a government shutdown, and I never have. Americans deserve stability and predictability of a government that is 100 percent operational. I would have much preferred to complete negotiations on our remaining seven bills with our Senate counterparts, but there were several very challenging issues that remained. As I stated before, a continuing resolution is the last resort when it comes to funding the Federal Government. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes’’ on this bill, and I urge the Senate to do the same, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, last night, the Senate unanimously passed legislation that would fund our government through February 8. Democrats are disappointed that Congress would kick the can down the road once again; yet, we remain willing to pass that bill to keep the government open. Unfortunately, even that simple, stopgap measure is apparently unacceptable to a President hellbent on shutting down the government over his wasteful wall. And instead of showing leadership and moving forward with the Senate legislation, despite the President’s tweets, House Republicans have caved once again to Trump’s political whims. They now have put up this grab bag of legislation that wastes taxpayer dollars, fails to meet the urgent needs of disaster victims, and, frankly, is dead on arrival in the Senate. With all the challenges facing our country, from soaring healthcare costs to crumbling infrastructure, it is inconceivable that Republicans want to spend $5.7 billion on an unnecessary wall that President Trump himself promised Mexico would pay for. Moreover, the disaster supplemental attached to this bill shortchanges nutrition needs in Puerto Rico, needs that were apparent 16 months ago. Republicans have continued their pattern of denying science by grossly underfunding mitigation and resilience against future disasters caused by climate change. Mr. Speaker, this bill is nothing but another attempt by lameduck Republicans to appease President Trump. It is a fitting final act for the most chaotic and dysfunctional Congress in modern history. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this reckless and irresponsible bill. I urge my colleagues to reject this legislation, and, instead, pass the Senate’s clean CR. Keep our government open, and prevent a Trump shutdown. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. DUNN). Mr. DUNN. Mr. Speaker, just over 2 months ago, Hurricane Michael ravaged the panhandle of Florida. It was a devastating Category 4.9 storm, which damaged more than 90 percent of Tyndall Air Force Base, decimated our agriculture industry, and destroyed entire communities. Mr. Speaker, the folks back home in my district, the Second District of Florida, are hurting. This supplemental disaster relief funding is a downpayment on getting the hardworking folks in my district back on their feet. This funding, by no means, is even close to what we will need to completely rebuild, but it is a start. I commend President Trump for remaining steadfast in his commitment to our Nation. After Hurricane Michael, President Trump and Vice President PENCE came down to the Second District and made it clear that we have their support and we will rebuild. Mr. Speaker, I will continue to fight for the disaster relief funding in the coming months and years because the survivors of Hurricane Michael across the South deserve nothing less. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Ohio (Ms. KAPTUR ), the ranking member of the Energy and Water Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. KAPTUR. Mr. Speaker, I thank the ranking member, Mrs. LOWEY from New York, for yielding. And here we are, again, and again, and again—in fact, that is the ninth continuing resolution that the Republicans have punted in this Congress rather than getting the job done. This President claims to be a great dealmaker, but what kind of a deal does he even want? He keeps switching the goal posts again and again. It reminds me of a child who flips over a Monopoly board when he realizes he is about to lose. The President’s nonsense is compounded by the dysfunction, sadly, of the House Republicans. They are about to vote on funding a bill that has no chance of becoming law, zero chance of becoming law. All of this because they want to waste money on a border wall that Mexico was supposed to pay for and won’t work anyway because it is 13th century technology. Imagine billions of dollars being able to pay some of the student loan debt around this country, or help our teachers earn better salaries, or pave the roads and bridges around this country that need repair, or invest in good cleanair energy jobs. Take your pick, Mr. President, but $5.7 billion for a wall that won’t even work? No thanks. The American people expect so much more of us in this Congress. Sadly, the Republican leadership and this President are attempting eleventhhour shenanigans to get a wall that voters across this country, clearly, definitely rejected when they sent a new majority to Congress. And, frankly, they can’t get here fast enough. The American people deserve better. I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. CARTER ). Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to discuss the importance of any funding bill, including funding for the border wall, as well as funding for our communities and farmers who have been hit hard by natural disasters. For those of us representing rural communities, we know how important the agriculture community is, not just to the livelihood of those areas, but to our entire Nation. Our farmers are often the unsung heroes of our Nation, helping to create and maintain the breadbasket that our country is known for. In short, the American farmer feeds the world. It is not by accident that American agriculture produces the safest and most abundant food supply in the world. It is through blood, sweat, and tears over generations. In my home State of Georgia, agriculture is our top industry. Blueberries represent a $1 billion industry across Georgia, and the commodity is the backbone in many of our communities. After several hurricanes and other natural disasters, it is past time that Congress takes a stand to support our agriculture community by addressing their needs. I have been fighting for months to secure the disaster relief needed by our farming community, especially blueberries. Plain and simple, disaster relief funding must be included in any endoftheyear funding package. Georgia has faced devastating weather recently, including hurricanes and freezes. Georgians in every corner of the State are feeling the impact. Whether it is along the coast or southwest Georgia, the need for disaster funding is very much alive. Our number one responsibility is to our constituents, those who have put their faith in us to do what is right for our districts and for our country. For this reason, Congress should stay here until we get this job done. We need border security and we cannot kick the can on disaster funding. I urge my colleagues to help us get this to the finish line and to provide the help that millions of Americans are depending on. Vote for our national security. Vote for our farmers and growers who desperately need disaster assistance. Let’s get this done. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from New York (Mr. SERRANO ), 
the ranking member of the Commerce, Justice, Science, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Mr. SERRANO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding me this time. For me, this is a very simple thought; it is the same thought I have had all along; this country, of all countries, should not be building a wall. This country, the land of opportunity, the land of freedom, the land where people come to build a new life, should not be building a wall. So what do we do? There isn’t the support necessary for building the wall, for funding it. So at the last minute, we sneak it into a socalled mustpass bill, or otherwise, you shut the government down. But the President has already said that he doesn’t mind taking credit or taking responsibility for shutting this government down. This is very simple. People say, well, there is aid here, disaster aid. We have been dealing with this disaster issue now for over a year, and still, we don’t do the right thing. This is simple for me. We can’t build a wall. This wall will be a waste of money. I don’t know who, but as we speak here, there are people already who know how to get over, through, and under the wall. The wall is not what we need. What we need is immigration reform, and we need another outlook. But, lastly, again, I repeat: of all of the countries in the world, this is the one that can’t go down in history as being the greatest democracy when it builds a wall. And in my city, there is a statue that says: Give me your tired; give me your poor. But not if they come from Mexico. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. WENSTRUP ). Mr. WENSTRUP. Mr. Speaker, our Federal Government was founded for one purpose: to fulfill the charges set forth in the Constitution, establish justice, ensure domestic tranquility, provide for the common defense, promote the general welfare, and secure the blessings of liberty. Lawmakers take an oath to uphold the Constitution. We fail in our sworn duty if we refuse to ensure the sovereignty, security, and wellbeing of this Nation through secure borders. The situation at the border is a serious problem that demands our immediate attention. It has been constantly brushed aside because somewhere along the way, our conversation about border security got muddled. The wall, border patrol, surveillance of human trafficking routes, all of these have been recast exclusively into the context of immigration policy. Border security is, indeed, a part of immigration policy, but it is much more than that. It is part of keeping drugs off our streets and keeping Americans safe. Our porous borders can allow drugs, cartels, and even terrorists into our Nation. An unsecure border makes it impossible for us to enact meaningful immigration reform as we cannot expect any legal system to work if we do not have control of who is entering. Funding for border security is not a political point. This is about keeping America safe, keeping illicit drugs out of our country, and protecting American families and our own precious lives. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I am pleased to yield 21⁄2minutes to the gentleman from North Carolina (Mr. PRICE), the ranking member of the Transportation, House and Urban Development, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Mr. PRICE of North Carolina. Mr. Speaker, once again, we find ourselves only hours away from the third Republican shutdown of the Trump Presidency, and we know how we got here. b1845 Seven key appropriations bills, six of them teed up with bipartisan support, could have and should have been passed in September or, for that matter, this very week. Instead, Republicans came up with a 6week continuing resolution, and now they have backed down even on that. Instead of taking ‘‘yes’’ for an answer following last night’s Senate vote on this continuing resolution, the best House Republicans could come up with is a craven attempt to placate the President and his antiimmigrant demagoguery. Despite telling us for years that Mexico would pay for this grandiose border wall, the President and the Speaker have decided that fulfilling this foolhardy campaign promise is worth shutting down the government. The President said so himself last week. ‘‘I will take the mantle,’’ he said. ‘‘I will be the one to shut it down.’’ To add insult to injury, as though throwing billions in taxpayer money at the President’s wall wasn’t bad enough, the Republican majority now has cynically added muchneeded disaster recovery funds in the final hour, despite knowing full well that this bill is no more than a political stunt. Mr. Speaker, we know we need these disaster funds. I have repeatedly stressed the urgency of increased funding for the millions in my State still reeling from disasters. But it is cynical; it is deceptive; and it is cruel to hold the needs of these people hostage to fulfill President Trump’s antiimmigrant wish list. Our Nation faces many pressing needs: disaster recovery and comprehensive immigration reform. But the best Republicans can give us is political games and Twitter tantrums. We have a responsibility to our constituents to keep the government open, and by providing cover to the President’s impulses, my colleagues are failing on that responsibility. So let’s end this charade. Let’s pass the Senate continuing resolution, and let’s fulfill our most basic responsibility, to fund our government. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation, which will continue operations for several Federal agencies and, importantly, appropriate funds to be used in securing the southern border. We have talked for years about securing our border. This is important for the entire Nation. My perspective comes from representing a district hardhit with the opioid epidemic. Mexico and the United States have a mutual interest in securing our border. Heroin, fentanyl, methamphetamines, and other narcotics flow northbound while, importantly, illicit cash is flowing southbound. This illicit cash is fueling a reign of terror by Mexican drug cartels that have murdered more than 200,000 Mexico citizens over the last 10 years, and only 5 percent of them have been prosecuted. They have killed priests. They have killed journalists. They have killed students. And they have killed each other. There are mass graves all over Mexico. Mr. Speaker, we need to secure that border for the benefit of both countries. It is past time we do this, and I ask support for this legislation. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD ), who is the ranking member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee. Ms. ROYBALALLARD. Mr. Speaker, Democrats understand the critical responsibility we have to keep our government funded and to serve the needs of the American people. But House Republicans are driving our Nation to the brink of another disastrous government shutdown. Republicans, who control the House, the Senate, and the White House, have the power to keep our government open. Yet, at a time of great economic uncertainty and right in the middle of the holiday season, Republicans are refusing to stand up to the President who made it clear he would be proud to shut down the government if he cannot force American taxpayers to spend billions of dollars on an immoral, ineffective, and expensive wall. The fact is that serious homeland security vulnerabilities will not be addressed if the President is allowed to squander $5.7 billion on a border wall. This includes not being able to hire more law enforcement agents to focus on opioid, gang, trade, and child exploitation investigations; no funding to recapitalize the Coast Guard’s air and sea fleets, including the procurement of our first heavy icebreaker since the 1970s. As Arctic ice recedes, Russia, China, and other countries are winning the race to lay claim to the vast resources of that region where, at times, there is no U.S. presence. 
There will be no funding to hire additional Customs officers to intercept illicit drugs and other contraband, almost all of which comes into our country through the ports of entry. Mr. Speaker, there will be no increased funding for first responder grants to help States and localities better prepare and respond to terrorism and disasters of every kind. All of these funding needs have strong, bipartisan support, yet these critical national security needs simply cannot be met if we waste $5.7 billion on an overly expensive and unnecessary border wall. On election day, the American people sent a message that they want a government that works for them. Unfortunately, House Republicans continue to ignore them and are steering our Nation into a Trump shutdown. The Senate passed a clean, bipartisan CR extension to keep our government open. It is time for House Republicans to do the same on behalf of the American people. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. CULBERSON ), who is a member of the House Appropriations Committee. Mr. CULBERSON. Mr. Speaker, I hope my colleagues will join me tonight in voting for this important bill to keep our word to the American people. Keeping our word to our constituents is one of our most important responsibilities, and the President and those of us who ran to secure the southern border promised that we would see this wall built in those parts of the border where it makes sense. We are relying on the good judgment of our sector chiefs down on the border to tell us whether a fence makes the most sense or a wall or perhaps a weir dam in places on the Rio Grande River where you simply dam up the water. Where the local sector chief believes that is probably the best way to secure the border, we are going to follow that recommendation. But this $5 billion that is set aside in this bill for construction of border fencing and a wall is consistent with what the full Appropriations Committee did this summer. We debated this extensively, Mr. Speaker. We all talked about this. This is not a new number. This is something that the full committee voted on and approved when the Appropriations Committee voted the Homeland Security bill out of committee this summer. This is consistent with what the committee did. This keeps our word to our constituents, and we are also keeping our word to those Americans who suffered as a result of the disasters in California with the wildfires and the flooding that occurred from the hurricanes. Mr. Speaker, I thank Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN again for his support of the people of southeast Texas who suffered from Hurricane Harvey. It was my privilege, as the Representative from District Seven in west Houston, to help spearhead that recovery package for Hurricane Harvey that brought together the delegations from Florida and Texas. Mr. Speaker, we put together, with the chairman’s help, the largest hurricane recovery package in the history of the United States and made sure that the people who need that money got it as soon as possible. That is another reason it is so important to pass this bill to make sure the floodravaged people of Florida get the help they need. Above all, this is about keeping our word to our constituents, something I have been proud to do in representing the people of west Houston in District Seven for 18 years. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this important piece of legislation tonight. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LEE), who is a senior member of the Appropriations Committee. Ms. LEE. Mr. Speaker, let me thank the gentlewoman for yielding and for her leadership on so many issues. Mr. Speaker, I rise this evening in opposition to this bill. It really is a hateful and unAmerican demand for $5 billion to build President Trump’s border wall. Let’s be clear: President Trump and congressional Republicans aren’t negotiating. They are holding our government hostage and demanding this wasteful, expensive wall as their ransom. Republicans control the House, the Senate, and the White House. Mr. Speaker, you would think that they could at least keep the government open. Instead of passing the Senate passed, clean continuing resolution to prevent a shutdown, Republicans want to vote on this unnecessary border wall. Mr. Speaker, this is completely irresponsible. Federal workers rely on their paychecks, especially during the holidays. People have planned national park trips over the holidays. Is President Trump really going to shut down the American government in the midst of this holiday season during their vacation, during their time with their families? How sinister and mean spirited can the President and our Republican colleagues be? But this wouldn’t be the first time that the Republicans were manufacturing a crisis. The Republicanled shutdown in 2013 cost our economy $24 billion. If President Trump shuts down the government—for the third time this year, I might add—he will sabotage our economy. Instead of pushing forward with this bill, House Republicans should allow a vote on the Senatepassed continuing resolution to keep the government open. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on this disastrous bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. JODYB. H ICE). (Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia asked and was given permission to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. JODY B. HICE of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend for his great leadership. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this bill and urge my colleagues to come together in support of securing our Nation’s southern border. We finally now have an opportunity before us that enables us to take a step in resolving the immigration and border crisis, frankly, one that is growing daily in its scope and complexity, largely because of the inaction of this body. But we have the opportunity now to change that. The $5 billion requested by the President is a relatively small amount when we consider the Federal Government’s discretionary spending this year is at a whopping $1.3 trillion. That comes to about $2.5 million a minute. If you do the math, this $5 billion comes to less than 1
1⁄2days’ worth of Federal spending, about 33 hours. To give people some degree of comparison, in late 2016, the Department of Transportation awarded a little over $1 billion in a grant to the city of San Diego to expand its trolley service 11 miles. That is roughly $100 million per mile for something that the DOT estimated only 25,000 people would use. If we can spend $1 billion on a trolley for 11 miles that very few people will even use, then, certainly, we can spend $5 billion to do something that is going to benefit and protect our Nation, our border. Wherever walls have been built on our border, whether we are dealing with San Diego or El Paso or Tucson or wherever, the walls have been effective tremendously. The border wall in itself is no magic bullet. There are some other things we need to do: closing the asylum loopholes, for example; making EVerify mandatory; ending chain migration; and shifting toward a meritbased immigration system. But this is our opportunity to secure the border, and I urge support for the bill. But these other solutions cannot be effective unless we can ensure that our border is secure. These solutions are mutually supportive. It is now or never, Mr. Speaker. We made a promise to the American people and they sent us here to fulfill that promise. This bill also provides some much needed disaster relief for States like Georgia. I urge my colleagues to support the funding bill, to support the President, and—most importantly—to support the American people. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from Maryland (Mr. HOYER ), who is the Democratic whip. 
Mr. HOYER. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. What a sad day. Chairman FRELINGHUYSEN , I feel badly that you are leaving on this note. I know it is not your wish. I know that, if you were in charge, we would have reached agreement. I know, under your leadership, we passed—we didn’t pass them. Six bills were forged in a bipartisan way, not our bills, your bills. Mr. Speaker, the seventh bill is also agreed to, save one item, so that approximately 96 percent of the legislation has been agreed to by both sides, and the United States Senate has passed a continuing resolution based upon those bills by voice vote. Yet here we are, twisting in the wind at 7 p.m. on the day before the government shuts down. What a sad performance. What a regrettable lack of responsibility, how we have undermined the faith of our people, treated the Federal employee terribly, and given cause for the rest of the world to think: What are they doing? There is not one person on the Republican side of the aisle who believes that, if they pass this bill, it will be accepted by the Senate. Not one of you believes that. So we are playing political games here to pander to the President of the United States, who sadly rejected a compromise that was reached by all of us. b1900 The majority leader of your party and the Speaker were for this compromise. We were for this compromise and the Senate was for this compromise. One person, why are we here? I will shut down the government, absolutely. I am proud to shut down the government. That is what the President of the United States said just a few days ago. And today, he put the entire Congress in a tizzy. How sad it is that the Republican leadership of this Congress and the last Congress have consistently been unable to meet their fiscal responsibilities. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman from Maryland an additional 1 minute. Mr. HOYER. John Boehner brought a bill to open up the government and, sadly, only 78 Republicans would follow their leadership—Mr. Boehner, Mr. Cantor, Mr. MCCARTHY —only 78, and the rest, including the present Director of OMB, voted to keep the government shut down. So I am not surprised that we are here, but it is sad that we are here acting so irresponsibly. If we have one duty as we come here, it is to have our government function effectively for our people. We are failing tonight. This is a pretense. This bill is going nowhere. The Senate won’t accept it. Perhaps the Senate will send it back, amended—perhaps. But we are, we think, adults. Let’s act responsibly. Defeat this bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Maine (Mr. POLIQUIN ). Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I don’t quite understand what the other side is saying today, talking about politics and being irresponsible and not compassionate. Are you kidding me? Here in the House of Representatives and in the Senate we take an oath to support and defend our Constitution. That means keeping our families safe. There is no more important responsibility, nothing more important than keeping our families safe. That means rebuilding our military, and, yes, it also means securing our borders and knowing who is entering our country. I don’t know why it is so hard to make a distinction between what is legal and what is illegal entry. I come from Maine. We have a 600mile border with Canada. They are great neighbors. But I feel for the people down in the southwest part of our country. It is common sense to secure our borders, know who is entering our country. I will tell you, my heart goes out to these folks who have made their way from Central America to the other side of the border fence with Texas, in Mexico, wanting to come in here. But we don’t know who they are, beyond the fact that we do know, according to Homeland Security, there are 600 folks who have criminal backgrounds. These folks have been offered asylum and work permits by the country of Mexico—every single one of them—and they have refused. Now they want to enter our country. Fine, but they have got to do it legally. In rural Maine, we have been hardhit by the opioid epidemic. There is nothing more difficult than this issue in rural America. Eighty percent of this terrible, cheap heroin—deadly heroin— which is a substitute for the opioid pills comes over that southwest border. The House should pass this bill and secure our borders. It is common sense. The best Christmas gift for America is securing our borders, and I support this bill. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. DELAURO ), the ranking member of the Labor, Health and Human Services, and Education, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Ms. DELAURO. Mr. Speaker, if the other side of the aisle thought this was such an important bill, they should have brought it to the floor. That is what we do here. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the amendment before us. It is staggering that the Republicans have the United States careening toward another government shutdown. The American people do not want a shutdown. Hundreds of thousands of workers will be sent home. Many others will continue to work without pay. Parks and museums will close down. In fact, according to the estimates by The Connecticut Mirror, this Trump shutdown—and he does own it—could impact as many as 1,500 Federal employees in Connecticut, right before the holidays. The American people don’t want a wall. It does not reflect our values as a nation. Experts are telling us it is not an effective use of taxpayer dollars with regards to maintaining border security. It is money we should be spending on working families, on roads and schools in our communities, not a fence in the desert. It is not just a border wall, which was a nonstarter. Disaster relief provisions of the CR are inadequate. It fails to meet the communities devastated by disaster, risking the future of children who suffer from severe trauma. Communities are still picking up the pieces. It leaves out $600 million of antihunger and nutrition support for women, infants, and children in Puerto Rico. That is unacceptable. The President and the Republicans have two choices: perform the basic job of governing and keep the government open, or perform for Fox News. They have chosen the latter. It is an outrageous tantrum. This is not government for the people and by the people. It is government by tantrum and tweets. Please vote ‘‘no.’’ Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from South Carolina (Mr. RICE). Mr. RICE of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, opioids and illegal immigration are two cancers of a porous southern border, and my constituents have had enough. Illegal immigration holds down wages and diminishes our middle class. The Democrats say they are for border security; they just don’t want to pay for it—empty words. It is funny, Mr. SCHUMER voted for a border wall in 2006, but he is against it now. Why? Because our President wants it? Empty words. In 2017, 150 people in my district in 2017 were killed by opioid overdoses. My law enforcement agencies tell me that 85 percent of those drugs come across our porous southern border. You say you are for border security, but you don’t want to pay for it— empty words, playing politics. There were 150 people killed in my district. They are in your districts, too. It is a cancer. It doesn’t just affect my district. It is across this entire country. You say you are for border security, and you won’t take any action to stop it. Mr. Speaker, it has gone on long enough. Illegal immigration holds down wages, stretches our social safety net, holds down our middle class. The opioids kill people across our country. It is a cancer and it is growing. It is not even leveling off. It is growing, killing people in my district and yours, too. Empty words, shame on you. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to make it clear that most of the opioids, 
the drugs, are coming through the ports of entry. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. BISHOP ), the ranking member of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Subcommittee. Mr. BISHOP of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, as a legislative body, one of Congress’ core responsibilities is to keep the government open and working for the people. Another core responsibility is to help communities struck by disaster to recover and rebuild. The continuing resolution before us is not a sufficient response to these vital needs. It includes only token disaster relief for rural communities and farmers in middle and southwest Georgia that were devastated by Hurricane Michael and other disasters that occurred in 2018. It does not include a number of provisions that were being negotiated. It only includes $8 million for impacted rural communities, instead of $150 million. It does not change the percentage recovery for crop losses from 85 percent for those with crop insurance to 90 percent and from 65 percent for those without crop insurance to 70 percent. It includes less than half of the estimated need for the Emergency Forest Restoration Program, $200 million instead of $480 million. It does not include the lower threshold for pecan tree mortality to 7.5 percent, but leaves it at the current level of 15 percent, which is totally inadequate. It does not include the most recent estimate for the Commonwealth of the Northern Mariana Islands Disaster Nutrition Assistance, which is $8.5 million instead of $9.3 million. Finally, it does not include any of the $600 million for Puerto Rico nutrition assistance. Unfortunately, it does include significant funding for a misguided and wasteful wall on our southwestern border. This wall would do nothing to improve our Nation’s security and is a serious misallocation of taxpayer dollars. It should have been stripped from this important legislation and considered separately. Furthermore, this legislation is dead on arrival in the Senate. We must do better. We must meet the significant needs of my Georgia constituents and Americans across the country who are still rebuilding from Hurricane Michael. We must pass a government bill that would avoid the damage caused by a government shutdown. I urge my colleagues to reject this bill. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Alabama (Mr. ADERHOLT ), a member of the committee. Mr. ADERHOLT. Mr. Speaker, I rise to support the disaster supplemental package, especially as it relates to agriculture and rural development. As chairman of the Agriculture, Rural Development, Food and Drug Administration, and Related Agencies Subcommittee, I worked with the ranking member and other members who represent districts that have been impacted by this historical weather that is related to disasters to support bipartisan relief to the farming and rural communities. From hurricanes to volcano activity, to deadly wildfires, this supplemental provides Federal financial relief to those most negatively impacted by the national disasters. While many of us favor limited government, there are times like these where Federal assistance is needed and is warranted. Members from the Southeast to California, to Hawaii, to communities in between represent districts with agriculture and rural constituents who have suffered devastating losses to their livelihood. In my home State of Alabama, for example, producers of cotton to vegetables have lost everything. In Georgia, Florida, North Carolina, and South Carolina, producers of crop or livestock lost their source of income now and into the future. At a time when hardworking farmers invested limited dollars and countless hours of labor, their livelihoods were wiped out within hours by a onceina lifetime storm. These farmers and producers take financial risks that are unknown to most Americans. Even if the delivery of this critical relief is delayed by the normal administrative process, lenders and bankers must see a signal from the Federal Government that financial support will be coming before the next cropyear. I want to highlight, just briefly, those parts of the package that relate to agriculture and rural communities. The agriculture portion of the bill totals $1.4 billion. A majority of the funding supports the hardworking farmers and ranchers who produce crops and livestock for food on our dinner tables. The package also provides funding for critical watersheds damaged by the hurricanes and fires. Lastly, the funding provides for basic nutritional needs for those who qualify in the Northern Mariana Islands. In closing, I ask my colleagues to support this bill as we build America’s communities impacted by these natural disasters. b1915 Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Minnesota (Ms. MCCOLLUM ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on the Interior, Environment, and Related Agencies. Ms. MCCOLLUM. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this new Republican continuing resolution that is going nowhere. House Republicans continue to cater to every whim and Twitter temper tantrum that the President throws, abdicating their responsibility to the American people. Last night, the Senate passed by voice vote a continuing resolution, and the House was ready to follow suit today. And the President said he would sign it. But, rather than keeping his word, the President appears to have put the demands of conservative pundits over the American people, causing a government shutdown. It is time for Republican leadership to stand up to the President and pass the agreedupon continuing resolution that will bring back economic certainty to our economy. The President has still not used the money that Congress appropriated for border security last year, yet Republicans are ready to give him the same amount of funds this year, and we agreed to that. But there is no reason to waste $5.7 billion on a border wall that experts have stated will not do what the President has promised. Our country faces many challenges— opioid epidemic, increasing effects of climate change, the rising cost of prescription drugs, an infrastructure that is crumbling—and Congress should be working on these issues. So let us stand together. Let us pass a responsible spending bill that will keep the Government open, give our local and State governments, our businesses, and, most importantly, the American people, a sense of stability this holiday season. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are again reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. SCALISE ), the Republican whip. Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the chairman’s leadership on this. Mr. Speaker, this is about keeping America safe. This is not a complicated vote, but it is an important vote that really defines whether or not we are going to stand for border security in this country. For decades it has been promised. There have been bills going back to the 1980s where we were promised that we were going to get a secure border, and it never happened. So now we have a President who ran on this issue. This isn’t something that just popped up. It was front and center during the campaign. He said: I am going to secure the border. I am going to build a wall. The people on the other side, our Democrat friends, said they didn’t want that. Some of them actually said they want open borders. Some on the other side, Mr. Speaker, have said they want to abolish ICE, the very border patrol agents that are keeping the interior of America safe. Who are ICE? Who are the people they want to get rid of, Mr. Speaker? Those ICE agents, last year alone, saved over 900 kids from human trafficking. That is stuff that came across our border. We are a Nation of immigrants and a Nation of laws. My greatgrandparents 
came here from Italy, and I am proud of that. We, by the way, Mr. Speaker, let more than a million people into this country legally every single year. The most generous country in the world. We should be proud of that. For those people who want to say it is a country of closed borders, this is about getting back to rule of law. This is about keeping America safe and saying there is a legal way to come here. President Trump has said that. Even on asylum, he said, if you want to seek asylum, there is a legal way to do it. But it is pretty hard to claim asylum, Mr. Speaker, when you came through Mexico and you forced yourself across that border and Mexico said: We will offer you asylum. We will even offer you work permits and a job—and you said ‘‘no.’’ So it is really hard to say you are claiming asylum here in America when you turned down asylum in Mexico when you were coming across their border. So it is not about asylum. It is about rule of law. What do you say, Mr. Speaker, to the millions of people from other countries all around the world who are waiting—in some cases 10 years, 15 years, 20 years—to come to America legally? They are waiting in these theoretical lines, and they are doing it the right way. Then you have got a few thousand people who say: We are just going to storm across your border regardless. And the President stands up and says: You know what, I want to secure this border. We have a choice to make, Mr. Speaker. Are we going to stand with the President and say we are going to give you the tools to secure the border or not? It is a straightup vote. You are either for border security or you are against border security. Let’s not hide behind it. When you saw that meeting at the White House last week when you had the Senate minority leader and the future Speaker of the House going over to the White House, they didn’t want to give the President money for the wall because they didn’t want to give him a win. You saw them. They were bragging. They just wanted to assign blame: Are you going to take blame for the shutdown? But they said: We don’t want to give you money for the wall. And they have said it since. So if they have got a personality conflict with the President, don’t let the security of this Nation get in the way of that. This President said: This is something I believe in because I care about the American people, and I have a responsibility to keep this country safe. I wish everybody who came here across the border wanted to come here to seek the American Dream. But, Mr. Speaker, we know that there are people that have come across this border with ill intentions for our citizens all across the Nation. Again, I mentioned last year the 900 children who were saved from human trafficking. My colleagues have talked about the opioids, the illegal drugs that come across our border. Mr. Speaker, the Secretary of the Department of Homeland Security says, on average, every single day in America, 10 known or suspected terrorists try to come into this country illegally. Some on the other side have said: Oh, the number is not 10. Okay, then, what is your number? How many terrorists coming into this country illegally every single day are enough? I say none. There is a legal way to come here. Those are the people, by the way, that we know of. How many people that want to break our laws, that want to do harm to our citizens, that want to jump in front of other people who are trying to come here to America the right way, how many more people have tried to come across that we don’t know about because we don’t have a secure border? So we have a President who says: I need tools. And, oh, by the way, there are some things that are in law. Right now, we, in law, tell the President where he can and can’t build the wall, what materials he can and can’t use. So he has got ideas. Mr. President has shown ideas of how to actually build a better border security wall at a cheaper cost, and yet the law prohibits him from building it cheaper, in a better way, more efficiently for the American people. How ridiculous is that? So we remove that in this bill and tell the President he can build the wall however he wants, in the most efficient way, to keep America safe. Again, Mr. Speaker, as I close, we have got a choice to make. There is going to be a bill before us in a few minutes that we get to vote on to say, are we going to stand up for the rule of law and keeping this country safe and supporting the President’s ability to secure America’s border or not? You can vote ‘‘yes,’’ or you can vote ‘‘no,’’ but don’t hide behind politics. This isn’t about the personality of the person in the White House. It is whether or not we are going to respect the rule of law and keep America safe. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Ohio (Mr. RYAN), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Legislative Branch. Mr. RYAN of Ohio. Mr. Speaker, this has been a really interesting debate, because our friends on the other side, Mr. Speaker, it is like they have amnesia and nothing happened before the election a couple of years ago. All of these promises about a border wall were followed by the cheers and the chants of: And who is going to pay for that wall? And you remember all your fans would stand up: Mexico is going to pay for that wall. Who? Mexico. And here we are today getting ready to shut down the Government over you asking the American taxpayer to pay for this border wall. And then some of you even are saying that we have hollow words, that our words don’t mean anything, when this President is going back on the promise that he made. He said Mexico was going to pay for it. He said it at the rallies. He was in Ohio. He was in the swing States. And now he is going back on his word on that. And he just went back on his word where he promised the entire Senate he was going to support the continuing resolution, and you are calling us and saying our words are hollow. Are you kidding me? Now, look, I am for border security. I am for border security. But I am not for a wall. You know what, I like cars, too. I am for cars. I am not for the Model T. I like planes. I don’t want a glider that was designed and built by Wilbur Wright. I like my phone, but I don’t want to go back and get the rotary dial out. You guys are living in the past. And this Government is in chaos. It is in a freefall. The market is in a freefall. The staffing at the White House is in a freefall. The Secretary of Defense is gone. We are pulling out of Syria. What is going on? You are in charge of the House, the Senate, and the White House. Get a grip, and learn how to govern the country. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded that they should direct their comments to the Chair, and, once again, Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President; otherwise, they will be ruled out of order. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ ), the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Military Construction, Veterans Affairs, and Related Agencies. Ms. WASSERMAN SCHULTZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to this legislation. We are at this point because of President Trump’s recklessness and House Republicans’ refusal to govern responsibly. We are already nearly 3 months behind schedule on completing the fiscal year 2019 appropriations bills. Mr. Speaker, Democrats would prefer to get our work done instead of kicking the can down the road. However, it appears that the only thing that seemed possible for us to accomplish before adjourning for the holidays was to pass the CR until February 8 that the Senate passed unanimously last night. However, after another Twitter tantrum, House Republicans are once again catering to Trump’s worst impulses with this terrible bill. This bill wastes billions of taxpayer dollars, fails to fully address the urgent needs of disaster victims, and will fail in the Senate. It is a waste of time for us to consider it. 
Our country faces many pressing needs, and there is simply no reason to waste $5.7 billion on President Trump’s immoral, unnecessary, irresponsible wall. Mr. Speaker, $5.7 billion would completely rebuild Tyndall Air Force Base, rebase the F–22s and F–35s, and completely rebuild all damaged Marine Corps facilities in North Carolina with money to spare. These are facilities and equipment that were wiped out by Hurricane Michael. The disaster supplemental funds in this bill are designed to be a sweetener but aren’t even enough to give us a toothache. Democrats have always been willing to negotiate how best to secure our border, but we will not support the President’s boondoggle vanity project that Mexico was supposed to pay for. Likewise, we strongly support a comprehensive disaster supplemental, but this bill completely fails to address mitigation and resilience efforts that will prevent future disasters. We are now less than 36 hours from another Trump government shutdown. Democrats were prepared to bail out Republicans once again by providing the votes to pass a clean CR, yet they can’t take ‘‘yes’’ for an answer. No wonder voters have said they have had enough. This is no time for political games. It is time to go home for the holidays. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are yet again reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I yield 1 minute to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GOHMERT ). Mr. GOHMERT. Mr. Speaker, we hear references to an ‘‘immoral’’ wall. We have heard ‘‘wall’’ demonized. Yet, I read yesterday that President Obama, in his new house, has constructed a 10 foot wall around his property. Now, either the walls work or they don’t. And if we are going to have Democrats continue to say they don’t work, then you need to stand up and say: Mr. Obama, tear down your wall. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. QUIGLEY ), the ranking member of the Financial Services Subcommittee. b1930 Mr. QUIGLEY. Mr. Speaker, your point is well taken. I will address my remarks to the Chair. Mr. Speaker, the arguments we have heard tonight remind us of the tale full of sound and fury signifying nothing, reminding us who told us that tale. Every border chief since the border chief under President Reagan has said a wall will deter a crosser from somewhere between 90 seconds and 3 minutes. Mr. Speaker, $5 billion for that. If they really want to protect our country, and that is what they are so bent on doing in spending $5 billion, my subcommittee can help you. In January of 2017, with a high degree of certainty, the entire intelligence community said the Russians attacked our democratic process. We are not prepared for their next attack. DNI Coats warned that the lights are flashing red. We spent $380 million on election security in 2018—nothing since then. Mr. Speaker, 40 States do not even have sufficient equipment to put on software that blocks this hacking. Mr. Speaker, 13 States don’t even have a paper trail. The last time our democratic process was called into question for such matters was during Bush Gore, where this very body spent $3.5 billion to protect its integrity. We can—we must—do better. By the way, you have control of the House and Senate. You don’t need to yell at us, folks. You can yell at your own caucus. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, Democrats support strong, smart border security, but we will not allow Republicans to fleece American taxpayers by making them pay $5.7 billion for Trump’s ineffective wall. I remind my friends that 88 percent of opioids seized come through the port of entry. Let’s get the facts on the table. I will say my other comment includes praising Chairman FRELING HUYSEN for his distinguished career in public service, for the debates on a bill that has an actual chance at becoming law. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to vote ‘‘yes’’ on the bill, to keep the government open until February 8, to support critical border security, which is badly needed, and to look after the needs of so many Americans who have suffered from so many disasters over this past year. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. All time for debate has expired. Pursuant to House Resolution 1183, the previous question is ordered. The question is on the motion by the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN ). The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. Mrs. LOWEY. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, this 15 minute vote on the motion will be followed by a 5minute vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass H.R. 6602, if ordered. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 217, nays 185, not voting 31, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bilirakis Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Cloud Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hunter Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Ryan (WI) Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Shuster Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Turner Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—185 
Adams Aguilar Amash Barraga´n Bass Beatty Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buck Bustos Butterfield Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Curbelo (FL) Davis (CA) DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Espaillat Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Gutie´rrez Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer 
Huffman Hurd Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Jones (MI) Kaptur Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowey Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Morelle Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) RosLehtinen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Serrano Sewell (AL) Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Takano Thompson (CA) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wild Wilson (FL) 
Black Capuano Comstock Crowley Davis, Danny Duncan (SC) Ellison Hanabusa Hastings Hultgren Issa Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Polis Richmond Rosen Roskam Scott, David SheaPorter Sinema Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Trott Walz Yarmuth 
b1956 Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. CLYBURN, Ms. JONES of Michigan, Messrs. MCNERNEY, CLEAVER, and HIGGINS of New York changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ So the motion to concur was agreed to. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
REAUTHORIZING NEW JERSEY COASTAL HERITAGE TRAIL ROUTE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6602) to reauthorize the New Jersey Coastal Heritage Trail Route, and for other purposes, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from California (Mr. MCCLINTOCK ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. MASSIE. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 382, noes 9, not voting 41, as follows: [Roll No. 473] AYES—382 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Balderson Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Beatty Bera Bergman Beyer Bilirakis Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Cloud Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Rodney DeGette DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Duffy Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gaetz Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gosar Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Grijalva Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Handel Harper Hartzler Heck Hensarling Hern Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jones (MI) Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Moore Morelle Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Pascrell Paulsen Payne Pearce Pelosi Perlmutter Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poliquin Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis RosLehtinen Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sanford Sarbanes Scalise Scanlon Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Wild Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Amash Biggs Brooks (AL) Garrett Griffith Massie Mooney (WV) Rice (SC) Yoho 
Black Capuano Comstock Cramer Crowley Davis, Danny DeFazio Delaney Doyle, Michael F. Duncan (SC) Ellison Hanabusa Harris Hastings Hultgren Jenkins (KS) Jones (NC) Keating Kind Larson (CT) Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lujan Grisham, M. Noem Nolan Panetta Poe (TX) Polis Rooney, Thomas J. Rosen Roskam Scott, David SheaPorter Sinema Swalwell (CA) Thompson (MS) Trott Tsongas Walz Waters, Maxine 
b2004 So (twothirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SUICIDE HELP LINE (Mr. ROTHFUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, as we approach the holidays, I want to take a moment to talk about a difficult subject: suicide. Suicide is epidemic in our Nation. According to the American Foundation for Suicide Prevention, suicide is currently the tenth leading cause of death in the United States, ending 48,000 lives in 2017. For those who are suffering, you need to know you are not alone and there are many who care about you. There is hope for healing. Every person was created for a purpose, though it may be difficult at times for a person to find that purpose. 
One of the most basic, and often most effective, ways to help prevent suicide is to ensure that our loved ones, friends, colleagues, and anyone else in our lives feels connected and has a sense of belonging. There is great virtue in reaching out to the marginalized and neglected, especially young people who may be lonely or bullied. For those who are despondent and having suicidal thoughts, services like the National Suicide Prevention Hotline is vital. The hotline is a free support service available 24 hours a day, 7 days a week: 1–800–273–8255, 1–800–273– TALK. As we enter this season of hope, let those who are hopeless encounter the encouragement that everyone needs. 
CONSTITUTIONAL CRISIS (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, during this holiday season, I am baffled as to why and how we have gotten here to this place. In the last 24 hours, a tweet went out from the White House that would end the Syrian war, to the opposition of the national security team—General Mattis, the Secretary of State, the National Security Advisor, and others who thought that a tweet ending the war was never heard of in the history of the United States. In the course of these 24 hours, we are in the midst of a political collapse, a catastrophic collapse, and a shutting down of the government. Included in the shutting down of the government will be the funding for the State Department and Homeland Security. It is clear that we are at a constitutional crisis, one that requires the attentiveness of this body, and to recognize the leaving and retiring of General Mattis, who has indicated: Maybe you can have a Secretary of Defense that fits your thinking. What thinking? And then to hear from North Korea: Maybe you can remove the troops off of our borders. This is a time for us to speak up, to protect the American people, and not a time to shut the government down. I hope the President is listening. 
THE IMPROVING HEALTH OF THE STATE OF MAINE (Mr. POLIQUIN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, during this joyful time of year, I would like to give thanks for the improving health of my great State of Maine. Because we have cut taxes and regulations, our small businesses are growing and hiring more workers and paying them more. Maine’s 2.7 percent unemployment is the lowest rate in 50 years. We are rebuilding our military to keep our families safe, while supporting 6,000 shipbuilders at Bath Iron Works. We have passed legislation that guts online human trafficking, which protects our daughters and our sons. We have made the biggest financial commitment ever to combat the opioid epidemic, giving thousands of struggling Mainers hope for recovery and better lives. Child poverty in Maine is dropping, while education is closer to home, where it belongs. We have strengthened Social Security and Medicare so our seniors have more peace of mind. Our veterans, our beloved veterans, are now able to receive their healthcare closer to home, and our small hospitals that provide those services must get paid on time; otherwise, interest accrues on the outstanding bills. And Maine’s pristine natural environment is living up to our brand: Vacationland. The way life should be. Mr. Speaker, Maine families are doing better and better, and I am grateful to have the opportunity to help. Merry Christmas and happy holidays to all, and may God always bless the United States of America and our great State of Maine. f 
b2015 RECOGNIZING LINDEN PUBLIC SCHOOLS CAROLING FOR A CAUSE (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to celebrate the students, faculty, staff, and friends of Linden Public Schools in New Jersey for spreading holiday cheer while helping those in need. Each year, members of the Linden Public Schools load into buses with Santa Claus and travel through their town to sing carols and collect donations for a charity gift drive. Staff and students put their hearts into planning the event, which they call Caroling for a Cause. This year, they collected more than 1,000 gifts from across the community. Those gifts will help bring smiles to the faces of more than 300 children. Mr. Speaker, this is the season of giving, and the Linden Public Schools are leading by example. I thank the students, faculty, and staff who participated. And I applaud Superintendent Danny Robertozzi for supporting Caroling for a Cause. I ask my colleagues to join me in recognizing everyone who participated. They are helping make sure their friends and their neighbors in need have a Merry Christmas and happy holidays. COMMENDING REPUBLICAN LEADERSHIP FOR LISTENING (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, I commend our Republican leadership today for listening to our conference and putting back into the continued resolution the needed disaster relief for the southern States and for the West Coast, and the border security measure demanded by most Americans in this country. To not do so, to just accept the product that the Senate punted over here, would have been a travesty and a dereliction of our duties here, I think, in the U.S. House of Representatives. These are very important things that need to be done and need to be accomplished, with the caravan amassing on our southern border and the security measures that, although heroically done so far by our Border Patrol folks, need to be augmented with this asset. Heaven knows, our southern States, having been affected by hurricanes; and farmers depending on decisions to be made in this place; and, on the West Coast, with the fires in my own district, the stability needed from the funding that would come from a disaster relief package, I am really pleased to see the work of the House today put this back out there and send it over to the Senate, where I hope they will have the guts to actually deal with it. 
DEMANDING VIETNAMESE GOVERNMENT RELEASE MICHAEL NGUYEN The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BERGMAN ). Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) is recognized for half the time until 10 p.m. as the designee of the minority leader. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the leadership on both sides of the aisle for extending this opportunity for us to speak tonight. This is an important issue for all Americans. I rise tonight on behalf of Mr. Michael Nguyen, an American citizen. Mr. Michael Nguyen, an American citizen who was on a mission of mercy to Vietnam and who is being detained in Vietnam. I would ask that persons please not allow the last name Nguyen cause you to think anything other than the fact that he is an American citizen who makes America the beautiful a more beautiful America. He was on a mission of mercy. He is being detained; being detained without the benefit of bail, something that we routinely expect to be the case in this country; being detained without the benefit of a lawyer, something that we are all entitled to under the Constitution in this country when charged with criminal offenses; being detained 
without the benefit of a speedy trial, something that we take for granted; being detained in Vietnam, Mr. Speaker. This is something that every American ought to be concerned about, when we have one of our own being detained without the benefit of bail, without the benefit of a lawyer, and without the benefit of a speedy trial. Mr. Nguyen is a resident of California’s 45th District, and Mr. Nguyen is being represented by Mrs. WALTERS . Mrs. WALTERS is here tonight. I know that she has been engaged and involved in doing what she can to help extricate Mr. Nguyen from his circumstance. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Mrs. MIMI WALTERS ). Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California. Mr. Speaker, I rise to demand the Vietnamese Government immediately release Michael Nguyen, an American citizen and Orange County resident who has been unjustly detained for over 5 months. Michael is a loving husband and father of four, a smallbusiness owner, and an active member of his community and church. He has no criminal record in the United States. This summer, while visiting elderly relatives, Michael was arrested by the Vietnamese Government. He is under investigation for allegedly violating article 109 of the Vietnamese criminal code, activities against the government. Article 109 is an arbitrary and vague charge the Vietnamese Government often uses to justify baseless arrests. Michael could be held for months without formal charges as the Vietnamese Government investigates. Despite repeated requests by my office, the Vietnamese have yet to produce any evidence substantiating Michael’s arrest. These unjust actions are further exacerbated by the Vietnamese Government denying Michael’s family’s request to visit him while in prison. During the investigation, the Vietnamese Government permits only monthly visits by the U.S. State Department. These visits are the only opportunity Michael has to hear messages from his loved ones. Mr. Speaker, Michael’s family has been devastated by this ordeal. I had the opportunity to meet with them again just this last week when I was back in Orange County, and I am here tonight on their behalf, to echo their calls for his safe return. The Vietnamese Government has not only denied an innocent man his freedom, it has completely disrupted the lives of a loving wife, four young daughters, and countless friends and family members across the country who are praying for Michael’s homecoming every single day. Michael’s wife, Helen, is a nurse who works long hours with many emergency oncall days. During Michael’s absence, she has been a single mother to their four young daughters. The girls miss their father dearly. His detainment has made it difficult for them to focus on their schoolwork and their extracurricular activities. These girls should not have to spend one more sleepless night worried about their father’s safety. Their entire family has demonstrated incredible strength during this ordeal. I am constantly inspired by their love and devotion to Michael. Mr. Speaker, this unjust detainment has gone on far too long. Michael’s detainment is only the most recent example of Vietnam’s troubling human rights record and lack of transparent legal system. Earlier this year, the Vietnamese Government unjustly detained William Nguyen, an American citizen of no relation to Michael. I am deeply concerned for Michael’s safety and wellbeing, and I demand his release immediately. In the meantime, I call on the Vietnamese Government to allow Michael’s family to visit him in prison. Mr. Speaker, as you can imagine, this time of year is especially difficult for Michael and his family. While most families across our Nation will have the opportunity to spend time together celebrating Christmas, the Nguyen family will cope with Michael’s absence. This Christmas, I pray for good news for the Nguyen family. Michael’s story has touched so many people. Several of my colleagues have heard of Michael’s detainment and have joined in my fight to secure his release. I am grateful for their support and their willingness to join tonight’s Special Order. While I will not be returning to Congress next year, I am confident that my colleagues will continue the fight to bring Michael home. I am extremely grateful for my colleagues’ engagement, and I will continue to support their efforts any way I can as a private citizen. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman for the extraordinary work that she has done to extricate Mr. Nguyen. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ), a person who came to Congress and has done an outstanding, great job since he has been here. I don’t know whether he came to be a freedom fighter, but that is how I know him. He really takes a stand against injustice. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, today, I rise to address this body, and I demand that the Government of Vietnam respect human rights, religious freedom, and international law as it pertains to an American citizen, Michael Nguyen, who is being held without formal charges, under arrest in Vietnam. This unjust imprisonment raises issues, especially since he has never broken the law in the United States. He is a loving father, member of the local church, business owner, and model American citizen. Yet, when he was traveling to Vietnam to visit his elderly relatives, he was arrested. Why? We don’t know. Apparently, he has been arrested for ‘‘activity against the people’s government,’’ yet we don’t know the circumstances or the reasoning. We ask one very simple thing from the Government of Vietnam: to play by the rules, respect human rights, respect religious freedom, and release Mr. Michael Nguyen, an American citizen who is being detained without formal charges. Mr. Speaker, I urge that he be safely released and that he be returned to his family in the United States. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his powerful words and look forward to our continuing to work together to extricate Mr. Nguyen. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. YOHO), another Member who has been involved and engaged in this process, who has been with us on phone calls when we have talked to our Ambassador to Vietnam, and who has been a party to our contacting the Secretary of State. Mr. YOHO. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for organizing this Special Order. It is an honor to be here to advocate on behalf of one of America’s citizens. I have the honor of chairing the Asia and the Pacific Subcommittee on Foreign Affairs. I have been to Vietnam, and I got to meet with their Prime Minister, with their ambassadors, and with so many people over there. The Vietnamese people are a wonderful people. They have a society that is a communist society, but it is opening up. Vietnam has made great strides in the last 15 to 20 years, moving in the direction that we would like to see, with an open society, free markets, as much as they can be in a communist country. When I was there, the thing that surprised me was the vibrancy of the people, their outlook on life. They yearn for freedom and liberties, just like all people do. That is an innate thing that our creator has endowed all of us with, that yearning of freedom and liberty. I became aware of Michael Nguyen’s plight. We have intervened on phone calls. We have written letters. We have talked to the incoming chair of ASEAN. We just asked them; I am not going to demand. I am not going to try to have a power game against Vietnam. But what I do want to do is just talk to them, human to human. We have an individual who left Vietnam, adopted America, and become an American citizen. b2030 He has been a model citizen. He is the parent of four children, a family man, a businessman, and he went over to Vietnam with the intent of visiting relatives, elderly relatives, and he got caught up in a situation. We talked to the Ambassador. We talked to people in the legislature from Vietnam and said: I don’t want to 
interfere in Vietnam law, and, certainly, if this guy is involved in what you are saying, by all means, prosecute to the fullest extent of the law because we would do the same thing. But I think what you have here is a case where a person was caught up in something. If you look at his past here and his record here and the people we have talked to in Vietnam, this is a good man. This is a family man that went over there for honorable reasons. And so we asked the people of Vietnam to look into this matter and to address this and do what is right, do the humanly right thing. If you are a parent, if you are married, you have got a mother and father. You have got a spouse. Think of your children. If you were to be removed from your family with no phone calls, no lawyer—and these are things that we value in this country, the liberties and freedoms that we have, that we have had and we have been fighting for over 200 years to preserve and protect. To have that taken away from you is just unthinkable. I know the pain and the suffering that not just Michael Nguyen, but his family is going through. Here we are in the Christmas season, and this is the season that we should all come together. I am asking Vietnam, the leaders of Vietnam to look into this case and to rapidly go through it as fast as we can. Because, like I said in the beginning, we value our relationship. They are our 16th largest trading partner. We have a military agreement where they have allowed our military vessels in there for other reasons for national security. This is something that we want to make sure that our relationship with Vietnam continues to grow. But I can say this: If human rights issues get in, as Mr. GREEN brought up, this is one of our own American citizens. If Vietnam overlooks these things, it is going to be hard for us as a nation to move forward with them in relationships. So I am going to plead with the Vietnamese leadership to expedite the case of Michael Nguyen and to do what is right. Return him back to America. Return him back to his family, and let’s try to do that before the end of the year. I appreciate Mr. GREEN for doing what he has done. He has done a stellar job. And I appreciate all of the Members who have stood up for such people. These are things that happen in Congress that the American people don’t know we do, that they should applaud both sides. This is not a partisan issue. This is an American issue that we all should be proud of that we are fighting for somebody who is an American citizen. I know Vietnam, if they are listening, and I am sure they are, they will do the right thing, and the right thing is to return Michael. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his comments, and I want to reiterate what he said about this being a bipartisan issue. This is an issue that crosses the lines that sometimes divide us. There is no chasm between us when it comes to the extrication of Mr. Nguyen. We want him back. I would like to call to the attention of all who are within the sound of my voice, who are viewing this at home, that there is another Member who is not here tonight but who has played a significant role in this effort to bring Mr. Nguyen home. He is Mr. ALAN LOWENTHAL . Mr. L OWENTHAL is from California’s 47th Congressional District, and he has been a real champion on causes such as this. He understands the laws of Vietnam. He understands the culture of Vietnam as well as any, and he has really had a major push to try to get Michael home. I want to thank the gentleman from California (Mr. LOWENTHAL ) for what he has done. While he is not here physically, I do know that he is here in spirit. What has been said about Michael’s detention is correct. Michael is being detained without bail, as has been indicated previously. In Vietnam, unfortunately, the investigation can go on for weeks, months, and can exceed a year. When investigations go on for this length of time and the person being detained does not have the opportunity to visit with family members, is denied access to family members during holiday seasons, such as what is occurring here now in our country, when a person is detained without the benefit of bail, without the benefit of speedy trial, when this happens, unfortunately, the detention itself becomes punishment. The detention itself becomes egregious. The detention itself becomes reason for us to complain to the Government of Vietnam. If you have charges, yes, you should investigate, but you should file your charges. You should not detain and then at some point have some charges brought that may or may not necessitate a long period of additional detention. This is an American citizen. We have expectations. We believe that every country has a right to its autonomy, every country is sovereign unto itself. But we also believe that every country should respect the human rights and dignity of people who are within the confines of their country. Mr. Nguyen has a necessity to be with his family and his four young children. They miss him. They want to be with him. This is their father who is expected to be at home, especially around this time of year when we are all celebrating the holidays, many different holidays, but they are celebrated in this country. We are making an appeal, a human cry, a clarion call to the Government of Vietnam to release this husband, release this father, release this man who has been on missions of mercy to Vietnam to work with his wife as a volunteer when they are helping young children to receive surgery. He has demonstrated his love for the people of Vietnam. He has demonstrated his willingness to go above and beyond, to be of service to the people of Vietnam, and I ask that the Government of Vietnam release him. Let him come home. If you have charges, sure, you should file them; but if not, let’s not allow the investigation to become a form of punishment. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank all of the Members who have appeared on the floor tonight. There are others who would be here, but circumstances do not permit. I want to thank the leadership for allowing us to get this message out to the masses, to the American people, and, hopefully, to officials in Vietnam. I want to thank the Secretary of State and our Ambassador to Vietnam for their intervention. We are all doing as much as we can, but we all have to do more. Until he comes home, we have not done enough. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
RECOGNIZING SPECIAL CONSTITUENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a few special constituents in my region who deserve recognition. 
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, this past October, the Mohawk Valley lost a local businessman, leader, and a dear friend when Bill Chanatry, owner of Chanatry’s Hometown Market in Utica, New York, passed away at the age of 89. Bill was raised in Utica and graduated from the highly acclaimed Rensselaer Polytechnic Institute— many of you known as RPI—and enjoyed a 40year career as an engineer, eventually serving in the Army Corps of Engineers in Japan during the Korean war; and later he joined General Electric Aerospace Electronics Division, where he served as a project manager for the U.S. Navy E–2C Surveillance Radar Team in Utica, New York. Chanatry’s, the family grocery store, was founded in 1912 by Bill’s father and his two uncles. In 1991, Bill eventually retired from General Electric, GE, and became the president of Chanatry’s and oversaw a significant expansion and innovation, using his unique skills in engineering to really bring Chanatry’s into the forefront and to maintain it as a family, homeowned business catering to the needs of families in our community. But along with all of these lifelong achievements that Bill had, Bill’s legacy is better defined by his terrific family: his loving wife, Janet; five children, Ameena, Joanne, Michael, Bob, 
and Mark; and, of course, all of their children, grandchildren, and many greatgrandchildren as well. The strong personal relationships that Bill cultivated with so many people in our community are thanks to his integrity, his loyalty, his ultimate belief in the goodness of humankind. Much of the love that he had came from his very strong devotion to faith. He also was known to attend daily mass. He also was such a good friend to so many as he worked in his postretirement, in his postGE life, retirement life at Chanatry. Bill’s son, Mark, a longtime friend of mine, dear friend, stated that his father’s greatest lesson to him when it came to rebuilding the number one grocery store in Utica year after year is simply: ‘‘Chanatry’s business was built on treating people right.’’ And that was Bill’s message. Mark and his family continue that great legacy left by their father, Bill. For anyone who has been to Chanatry’s, it is really hard to imagine walking through the market and not seeing Bill attending to every aspect of the business, taking the time to talk to individuals, to help consumers and people coming in and individual customers, which is something that he did every single day. It was a big part of his life. He was also just hard to miss. He was full of energy, full of excitement, a lot of fun to be around. Our community will dearly miss Bill Chanatry, and especially his friends, his family, and his customers. Mr. Speaker, our entire community really lost a true leader in Bill Chanatry, someone who was always able to innovate and actually reinvent himself, and someone who—I think what is most important—actually made a difference. 
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, next, I would like to recognize another really terrific person, a dear friend of my family. I would like to honor the incredible life of a man named James VanSlyke of New Hartford, New York. Jim VanSlyke passed away on June 6, 2018, 1 day before his 89th birthday. He is survived by his loving wife of 62 years, Virginia, whom we all know as Ginny; his children, Matt, Patrice, Andy, and Mary; his grandchildren, greatgrandchildren; and nieces and nephews. Hailing from Hamilton, New York, Jim stayed in his hometown after high school, attending Colgate University, also in Hamilton. He received a full academic scholarship and graduated in 1952 with a master’s degree in science. My mother’s hometown also happens to be Hamilton, where she and Jim attended high school together. At Colgate, Jim also met my father, who was a college classmate of his. Immediately following Jim’s graduation from Colgate, Jim went on to serve in the United States Army. After honorably serving our Nation, Jim continued his lifelong journey of service and moved back to Mohawk Valley, where he dedicated 66 years of his life in the town of New Hartford. Upon his return, James began his 31 year career in New Hartford School District, serving as a math and science teacher, a coach, a guidance counselor, and a principal for both the junior high and senior high school. I had a the honor of attending New Hartford High School during his tenure as principal. Back to Mr. VanSlyke, as I always called him. He was respected, sometimes feared, but always a person with common sense and someone who could be relied on for sage advice for many high school students, including me. Later in his life, Jim ventured into another form of public service, where he served seven terms as the town and village justice for the town of New Hartford. Jim was regarded as a knowledgeable, fair, and hardworking man, always making sure that he knew each aspect of the law relevant to the case at hand. b2045 If Jim didn’t know the answer to something, he was quick to admit it and also quick to find the answer. He was willing always to listen to another’s perspective, including other attorneys. His intelligence was selfevident but humbly portrayed. As an attorney, I appeared before Jim on many occasions in court. He always asked me about my family, and especially my mother’s sister, whom he was quite fond of, my Aunt Polly, who was also a classmate at Hamilton High School. Jim was also a very talented high school athlete and a college athlete, as I learned from my mother kind of the hard way. I am always going to remember, there was an article written by someone I actually went to Colgate with, I believe, and it was in Sports Illustrated. It described Jim’s famous son, who is a professional baseball player and also my classmate in high school. He used to sit right behind me, a baseball player named Andy Van Slyke, who many know, who also later became a coach. I remember the article described Jim Van Slyke and Andy as coming from a family with no athletic talent, to which my mother immediately said: 
He was the star of Hamilton High School in every sport, and he went on to Colgate to be a star as well. 
Though Jim never served as a professional athlete like his son, Andy, Jim was a star in all of our minds. He was a terrific person, a great educator, and later in life found a passion for cooking. His culinary skills provided another way to express his deep love for his family by bringing them together at the dining room table. Mr. Speaker, please join me in recognizing the life of one of New Hartford’s greatest educators, Jim Van Slyke. Our community will forever remember the life and legacy of Jim Van Slyke. We will also remember Jim’s sense of humor and his kind and humble manner in every aspect of his life. EXPRESSING GRATITUDE TO CONSTITUENTS , 
Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I now want to just say a few words about my term in the 115th Congress and what an honor and a privilege it has been for me to serve. I want to first thank my constituents who have been terrific. I have really enjoyed my time with them, serving them, and working very hard every day to try to find results—actually excellent results—in the 115th Congress. I think we have reached some unprecedented levels in our last 2 years. I also want to thank my supporters. They were terrific, a lot of fun. It was a great time, a lot of hard work, a lot of anguish, and a lot of frustration. But through it all, they were very tough and hung in there in spite of our loss this past November. A lot of my volunteers, also among the supporters, were terrific. I want to thank them for so much work, so many phone calls, and just a great opportunity to serve with them. I also want to thank a lot of the people in our community who serve in social service agencies who have done so much to help the truly neediest people in our communities. I am grateful that they reached out to me and I was able to give back to them and provide muchneeded resources on the Federal level. I really appreciate their good counsel and care and what they provided to me and my staff in making sure that we were able to understand the issues and bring those issues back to Washington and deliver to our constituents. I wanted to also thank the local officials in my district throughout the community who have been an invaluable resource for bringing issues to the table that needed to be resolved and their hard work, their belief in me and some of the amazing accomplishments we had throughout the eightcounty region and to the many towns and villages, it was really an honor to serve. Some of the resources we brought back to the city were tremendous. So I want to thank them for their sage advice, their counsel, and their good friendship. I hope that we can continue to provide solutions and realize good things for them in the future. Also I thank my friends and my family who have been through a lot in my rather short time in public service. It has been very exciting and filled with a lot of ups and downs, but a lot of challenges. I am just grateful for them to kind of hang in there with me through all of this. I stand here today as a Member of the 115th Congress. I also served three terms in the New York State Assembly. I have been a lifelong Republican. I never missed a vote since I was 18. 
Oddly enough, I have never been endorsed by my local Republican committee for any office I ever sought until this year. So maybe it is bad luck in the end. But I wanted to just say thank you to so many of the rank and file and people who serve in this capacity in both sides, in all parties, in what they bring to the table and how important it is to our constitutional Republic and democratic principles. I want to just say I am grateful to them. Toward that, I also want to just say thank you, especially to my colleagues. You hear so many terrible things about Congress, and I myself thought: What is wrong with these people here? But I have gotten here and realize there really are terrific people who care about this country. They care about their constituents, they care about preserving our constitutional Republic, they care about democratic principles, they care about serving mankind, and they recognize the importance of where we are in the world. I say that about people I have met genuinely on both sides of the aisle, there are really terrific people who serve in this office. I may not agree with everything that they have to say, but they have been really terrific to me. I especially want to thank my freshman class. They have changed my life in so many ways. It has been such an honor, including, Mr. Speaker, a couple of my favorite colleagues here, but I wanted to say that I really appreciate the fact that our freshman class, the incoming class for the 115th Congress, took a very special measure. It was spearheaded by my colleague, Congressman MIKEJOHNSON . We signed a commitment to civility; something that I thought was a really great idea, a terrific idea, something that really meant a lot to us who have signed on to this. We have endeavored to stick to that commitment to civility. I know I have. Among some of the pledges we made was to introduce legislation and make every effort to make sure it was bipartisan. I am honored to say that every piece of legislation that I authored, unless it was district specific, was cosponsored by one of my Democratic colleagues, and I always wanted to get one of my freshman class members when I could. So I am grateful to all the Democrats and the Republicans, everyone who signed that commitment and came forward to try to work on resolutions to stand together and to really work to get to know each other. I think we did make a difference. Unfortunately, it isn’t soundbite worthy. The media didn’t really cover it. But I think it is something people should really look at that makes our class so unique and why we accomplished so much this first term. I really want to just say thank you all to my family. My family has been terrific. They stood through a lot. It was very hard for my family to go through the political process, as ugly as it has become, which is why that commitment to civility is so important and why I was so dedicated to it. It is okay to advance your cause, to argue, and to disagree. I am a lawyer. That is a natural instinct, and that is good. But to make sure in the end that we don’t hold grudges, that we stand for each other and respect each other when we walk away, and I think our freshman class showed that this year. I am honored and proud to be part of that. I am not done, but I think that my colleague from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ) would like to say a few words. Mr. Speaker, I yield to Mr. ARRINGTON . Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentlelady from New York—and let me say the gentlelady from New York has served these United States so admirably and so effectively and with such dignity and honor. Gentle because she has a big heart soft for this country. She mentioned the civility and the commitment to civil discourse. She was part of leading that effort and leading by example. A gentlelady, she was class every day and in every way in her term in serving the people of New York in her district. Gentlelady from New York, she is a New Yorker, and I am a Texan. The only folk I know who may rival Texas in toughness are New Yorkers. She is tough, she is strong, she is passionate, and she fought every day for her constituents and for this country she loves. So I just wanted to say that it has been an honor and a privilege to serve with CLAUDIA TENNEY , United States Representative, CLAUDIA TENNEY . I am a better person, I am a better servant leader, and I am a better Representative of my people in west Texas because of the time I spent with you. So I know your folks back home are proud, your freshman class—and I will say this on behalf of our freshman class, and I can say it with confidence—you make us proud. We are going to miss you, but I know we haven’t seen the last of you and your service to this country. Ms. TENNEY. Thank you so much Representative ARRINGTON . You are terrific. I might add something about the commitment to civility and why it really reflects who you are also and why it was such an honor to serve with you. I remember all of us having the discussion, the freshman class, with the Democrats. We were at one of our social events, and you were just always the consummate ‘‘let’s get along, let’s be ladies and gentlemen, let’s work together. We have got to do this, because in the end the tables are going to turn. You are going to be in power, and we are not, or you are going to be in the majority, and let’s just not look at that. Let’s go beyond that.’’ I still remember those conversations with you. You are a terrific Member. You served honorably. You have a wonderful family. I really am grateful for your friendship and your support. None of these friendships end here. This is an amazing 2 years in this 115th Congress. I think it was really special. Maybe everybody feels that way when they go to Congress, but I think our group was really different, and I am including the Democrats in that as well. We had a great group, and as we move into 116—I am sorry I am not going to be joining you all—but let’s keep on the tradition of what we have done. Let’s stay together and continue to work to protect our constitutional Republic. I am a huge Lincoln fan, and I have said this many times, certainly in my community, but I look back on some of the tough times that we are facing ahead, and I remember what Lincoln said at one point. I would say the enduring message from his body of work was: Can we save this Republic? Can we save it? Can we be selfgoverning? We can, but we have to work together. We have to fight the fight. We have to stand on our principles and find a way to compromise in the end. I feel like that is what we have done with so many great bills and so many accomplishments. If you look at what happened in the 115th—and I think we can all take credit for this across the board—the accomplishments are something that we haven’t seen in decades in Congress. In just one Congress all of our agenda was passed and done, and much of it was bipartisan. I wish it all were, but maybe as we go into the 116th we can make that happen as well. But I just want to say thank you so much to you and all my colleagues who served with me, whether they are in the freshman class or not, I love you guys. You have been terrific. My life has changed, and my life is better because of my service here and meeting all of you and finding out, yes, there are really good people who serve this Nation, and they are here in Congress— not everybody. But there are a lot of us out there. I am so proud and honored to have been serving here for 2 years and to have met the people I met, whether they are in Congress, whether they are the great staff or the people who work here, the people behind me who we keep up at late hours to do their job, but it has really been an honor. I want to say thank you so much to you. One last thing, I do want to say thank you to—first of all, I want to thank again the chairman of my committee, the Honorable JEB HENSARLING —who is retiring—for his terrific service and great work and what an honor it was to serve on the Financial Services Committee. Also to the staff of the Financial Services Committee, I want to say thank you. They were terrific, and they helped us every day come up with an incredible agenda and very bipartisan work. I am grateful to them to have had a number of bills that were originally sponsored by me that either 
were included in other bills, the S. 2155, or others, and for their help in getting those across the finish line and having five original sponsored bills that ultimately became law. So I want to say thank you to them. I also want to say thank you, last but not least, to my hardworking staff. First of all, I put them in alphabetical order so you don’t know who is better than the other, but I want to say I loved having them on my staff. They did a tremendous job. Let me just say a hearty thank you to my staffers, Hannah Andrews, Alexandra Cade, Haim Engelman, George Iverson, Maria Giurastante—I can never say Maria’s name—Kate Kelly brought me to New Orleans my first time, Samantha LaMarca who was with me from the times in the assembly, Rebecca Lumsden, Patrick O’Brien, Nick Stewart, Robert Simpson, Michael Stademeier, Kathy Vences, Brett Wakeman, and Katie Ziemba. I want to thank so many terrific interns who joined us and inspired us every single day with their excitement, their youth, their enthusiasm, and the fact that they were all so much more technically proficient than I was, so I could just hand them my phone with trust that they could fix whatever it was that was wrong with it. I want to say thank you to them for the hard work and the hours that you put in throughout the last 2 years. It wasn’t easy. We were in a tough position, whether it was the media, whether it was just the position we were in as a targeted seat in the Nation. But you came through. We did terrific work. We made groundbreaking strides in our community. I want to say from the bottom of my heart, thank you to all of you for what you have done and what you have done to serve us and serve my community and always have a servant’s heart as you dealt with all the constituents and the literally, I don’t know if it is thousands, but every time one of my constituents contacted me directly and I got to the message, I copied, I pasted, and I sent it to you, and you reacted and helped the constituent out. b2100 I really am grateful to all of you for doing that because I love the job that I do. I love serving. I love doing this kind of work to help people. For the first time, I really felt like we got to help people in the last 2 years. Again, I want to say the last thank you to my family members: my son and my parents. My parents, who passed away, never got to know that I actually got here. I just want to say thank you to them for instilling in me the integrity, the loyalty to people and the compassion for fellow human beings and for helping this world, and also for the tenacity that I got from my mother, who was really my inspiration. I want to just say one of my favorite quotes that my dad used to always say when I used to be in all the sports I attended, whether it was curling—yes, I am a curler—whether it was basketball, horse shows, equestrian—I did that as well—golf and a lot of sports I got into, my father would quote, when I was disappointed that I didn’t win, from Rudyard Kipling’s poem ‘‘If.’’ I am just going to pick out part of it. ‘‘If you can meet with Triumph and Disaster and treat those two imposters just the same,’’ and the poem goes on. But that is exactly what it is. It isn’t about winning and losing. It is about how you play the game. We did a great job. I want to say thank you, lastly, to my son, who has been my inspiration. I am hoping that I get to see him at Christmas, but I am not sure I will, because he is currently serving as a captain in the Marine Corps. So we are very proud of him in our family for answering the call to serve. But I do want to say thank you so much again to everyone who has been so kind to me. Whether it is Pat and Doris, the ladies in the Lindy Boggs Room, everyone who is working here, it is really a highly professional operation. You hear terrible things about Congress, but it is not true. There are a lot of terrific people that work here that aren’t just Members. They are the people who keep the trains running on time, the people who make this happen. I just want to say thank you again for letting me have this tremendous honor to do what I have done for the last 2 years. I wish everyone the best of luck and God bless. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
STANDING WITH THE PRESIDENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ARRINGTON ) for the remainder of the hour. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I wanted to address this body and commend my Republican colleagues for standing with this President. We are facing a national security crisis on our own homeland, at our borders, and our Commander in Chief has pleaded with us for the resources and tools necessary to secure the border and to protect the American people. The President understands his first job and the first job of the Federal Government, which is to keep its citizens safe. He understands and I believe most Americans understand that the current situation is anything but safe. Mr. Speaker, I am from the great State of Texas. Being a State along the border, I can tell you it is absolutely chaotic. This President has been hamstrung and for too long we have let people pour into this country illegally and we have allowed criminals and gang members and criminal activity and drugs. A lot of bad stuff comes over here and wreaks havoc on our communities on account of us being derelict in our duty to do our first job to provide for the common defense. So, Mr. Speaker, this President has come along at such a time as this—a strong man, a strong leader, who ran on an agenda to put America first and the American people first. That is exactly what he has done. I have never seen a politician more hellbent, more doggedly committed to delivering on what he promised. At the center of those promises and that agenda that he ran on was securing the border and building the wall. I am one who believes that comprehensive border security is more than a wall. I believe it is technology. I believe it is boots on the ground. It is a number of things. If we are going to truly be effective in the long run, we have got to fight this battle on a number of fronts. I believe that the driver of illegal immigration is supply and demand. As long as we have demand in this world for a better life and for the job opportunity and the services that we provide in this country, and as long as we provide the supply of jobs and services to folks who come here illegally, they will continue to come. I do believe that, no matter how high you build a wall, or how long, you have got to turn off the magnets that are drawing people here. Chief among them are hiring people who are not in this country legally. I welcome the freedomloving, lawabiding immigrant. This is a Nation of immigrants. But I will only welcome them if and when they respect our laws, our sovereignty, and the safety of our citizens. We have a process. It is not perfect. We should work on it. We should improve it. But we have a process by which you can legally enter this country, and a million people do that every year. Millions more are standing in line to get a piece of this incredible land of opportunity and all the blessings of liberty that this country offers. So, understand this. The American story and the story of the immigrant are indistinguishable, inseparable. I am proud that we are the leading Nation in terms of immigration and welcoming the immigrant and that we continue to circulate the new blood of those who are hungry for freedom and opportunity into the system, into this country’s bloodstream. It is part of the greatness of America, no doubt. But we are also a Nation of laws. As the President has said, without borders, you don’t have a country. Without security, you don’t have freedom. So we must uphold the laws of the land. We must fix the broken pieces of the immigration system. We must close the loopholes. We must turn off the magnets. And, yes, we must build a wall, a fence, and whatever physical barriers make sense. That physical barrier, that wall, that fence is a fundamental component of comprehensive border security. Most of my colleagues on the other side of the aisle have already voted to 
provide resources: $1.6 billion in the last budget. The leader of the Senate Democrats, CHUCK SCHUMER , has voted for 700 miles of fencing along the border. So he, too, has committed and understands and appreciates the need for physical barriers along the border where they make sense. I think we are long overdue to put some common sense in this United States Congress. I am proud that my colleagues, again, on the House side, my Republican colleagues, have continued to drive the agenda of America first and keeping America safe as the first and foremost responsibility of this Federal Government all the way to the end of this 115th Congress. Today was a proud day for me to come alongside of my colleagues and this President and vote for the funding that he has requested for that fundamental component of border security in the wall. I am proud to have done that. I am grateful that we have a leadership that listened. This morning, we had a wonderful meeting. It was wonderful because the leadership listened. Our majority leader, KEVIN MCCARTHY ; our whip, STEVE SCALISE , our outgoing Speaker, PAUL RYAN, listened and allowed the Members to drive the strategy and the decision today to put that funding bill on the floor, to vote for it, and send it over to the Senate. That is our job. I am proud of my colleagues’ passionate and very compelling pleas to the leadership and to our team to make that vote happen today. Today is a great day for America’s security. It is a great day for border States. It is a great day for the citizens who expect their government to do its first job. Mr. Speaker, again, I am grateful for the opportunity to have served in this 115th Congress with the likes of JACK BERGMAN , Representative C LAUDIA  TENNEY , and so many more. I am proud of our freshmen class for restoring civility, the theme of our class with our Democratic colleagues, and I am proud of all the results. In west Texas, leadership, at the end of the day, is about results. If you don’t deliver results, you cannot claim to be a leader. Whether it was rebuilding military or unleashing the full potential of this economy through tax reform and regulatory relief or improving services to our veterans or it was defending our fundamental Godgiven rights, the rule of law, the Constitution, and traditional American values, we have done what we said we would do in this House as Republicans, as conservatives, and as Americans first. I am proud of that. God bless these United States of America, my colleagues, and go west Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Ms. TENNEY ). Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I want to say thank you, again, to my colleague, JODEY ARRINGTON , of west Texas, for his terrific remarks. Yes, we did accomplish basically everything we set out to do in the 115th Congress. I would be remiss if I didn’t mention one more thing that Mr. ARRINGTON  just referenced, the gentleman from Texas, is that every one of us contributed in the freshmen class to perpetuating and finding a new part of our commitment to civility. I just wanted to mention our colleague from Florida, Mr. CHARLIE  CRIST, who actually came up with these nice bands that so many of us wear. It says: Practice the Golden Rule. It is emblematic. We wear them because we are endeavoring to meet our pledge for our commitment to civility. I hope that you all and Congressman CRIST and everyone continues on this great path next year, including both sides of the aisle. I hope everybody works on their commitment to civility. But I want to say thank you again to my colleagues, also to our Speaker pro tempore, the great president of our class, the amazing General JACK BERGMAN , who is now a Member of Congress representing Michigan. I am really honored to be among some of the great people that serve here. I want people to rest assured there are good people in Congress. There really are. Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from New York. Again, we salute her service and we are so proud to have served with her, if only for one term. But, again, this is not the last that we have seen of the gentlewoman and her service to this great country. We will certainly carry on our friendship for years and years to come. What a special bond our classmates have, and what a unique privilege our constituents and people back home have given us. And I know the gentlewoman cherishes that. I know she has stewarded that. I wish they could see the gentlewoman every day, because they are already proud, but they don’t know the half of it. So God bless CLAUDIA TENNEY and all the new ventures that she will undertake in the weeks, months, and years to come. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 767. An act to establish the Stop, Observe, Ask, and Respond to Health and Wellness Training pilot program to address human trafficking in the health care system. H.R. 1162. An act to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to carry out a pilot program to provide access to magnetic EEG/ EKGguided resonance therapy to veterans. H.R. 1210. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 122 W. Goodwin Street, Pleasanton, Texas, as the ‘‘Pleasanton Veterans Post Office’’. H.R. 1211. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 400 N. Main Street, Encinal, Texas, as the ‘‘Encinal Veterans Post Office’’. H.R. 1222. An act to amend the Public Health Service Act to coordinate Federal congenital heart disease research efforts and to improve public education and awareness of congenital heart disease, and for other purposes. H.R. 1733. An act to direct the Secretary of Energy to review and update a report on the energy and environmental benefits of the re refining of used lubricating oil. H.R. 1850. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 907 Fourth Avenue in Lake Odessa, Michigan, as the ‘‘Donna Sauers Besko Post Office’’. H.R. 3184. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 180 McCormick Road in Charlottesville, Virginia, as the ‘‘Captain Humayun Khan Post Office’’. H.R. 3383. An act to designate the flood control project in Sedgwick County, Kansas, commonly known as the WichitaValley Center Flood Control Project, as the ‘‘M.S. ‘Mitch’ Mitchell Floodway’’. H.R. 4227. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to examine what actions the Department of Homeland Security is undertaking to combat the threat of vehicular terrorism, and for other purposes. H.R. 4326. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 200 West North Street in Normal, Illinois, as the ‘‘Sgt. Josh Rodgers Post Office’’. H.R. 4819. An act to promote inclusive economic growth through conservation and biodiversity programs that facilitate transboundary cooperation, improve natural resource management, and build local capacity to protect and preserve threatened wildlife species in the greater Okavango River Basin of southern Africa. H.R. 5075. An act to encourage, enhance, and integrate Ashanti Alert plans throughout the United States, and for other purposes. H.R. 5205. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 701 6th Street in Hawthorne, Nevada, as the ‘‘Sergeant Kenneth Eric Bostic Post Office’’. H.R. 5395. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 116 Main Street in Dansville, New York, as the ‘‘Staff Sergeant Alexandria Gleason Morrow Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5412. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 25 2nd Avenue in Brentwood, New York, as the ‘‘Army Specialist Jose L. Ruiz Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5475. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 108 North Macon Street in Bevier, Missouri, as the ‘‘SO2 Navy SEAL Adam Olin Smith Post Office’’. H.R. 5509. An act to direct the National Science Foundation to provide grants for research about STEM education approaches and the STEMrelated workforce, and for other purposes. H.R. 5787. An act to amend the Coastal Barrier Resources Act to give effect to more accurate maps of units of the John H. Chafee Coastal Barrier Resources System that were produced by digital mapping of such units, and for other purposes. H.R. 5791. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 9609 South University Boulevard in Highlands Ranch, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Zackari Spurlock Parrish, III, Post Office Building’’. H.R. 5792. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 90 North 4th Avenue in Brighton, Colorado, as the ‘‘Detective Heath McDonald Gumm Post Office’’. 
H.R. 5923. An act to direct the Secretary of Agriculture to exchange certain public lands in Ouachita National Forest, and for other purposes. H.R. 6020. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 325 South Michigan Avenue in Howell, Michigan, as the ‘‘Sergeant Donald Burgett Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6059. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 51 Willow Street in Lynn, Massachusetts, as the ‘‘Thomas P. Costin, Jr. Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6167. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 5707 South Cass Avenue in Westmont, Illinois, as the ‘‘James William Robinson Jr. Memorial Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6216. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 3025 Woodgate Road in Montrose, Colorado, as the ‘‘Sergeant David Kinterknecht Post Office’’. H.R. 6217. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 241 N 4th Street in Grand Junction, Colorado, as the ‘‘Deputy Sheriff Derek Geer Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6227. An act to provide for a coordinated Federal program to accelerate quantum research and development for the economic and national security of the United States. H.R. 6335. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 322 Main Street in Oakville, Connecticut, as the ‘‘Oakville Veterans Memorial Post Office’’. H.R. 6347. An act to adjust the real estate appraisal thresholds under the 7(a) program to bring them into line with the thresholds used by the Federal banking regulators, and for other purposes. H.R. 6348. An act to adjust the real estate appraisal thresholds under the section 504 program to bring them into line with the thresholds used by the Federal banking regulators, and for other purposes. H.R. 6400. An act to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to conduct a threat and operational analysis of ports of entry, and for other purposes. H.R. 6405. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 2801 Mitchell Road in Ceres, California, as the ‘‘Lance Corporal Juana Navarro Arellano Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6428. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 332 Ramapo Valley Road in Oakland, New Jersey, as the ‘‘Frank Leone Post Office’’. H.R. 6513. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 1110 West Market Street in Athens, Alabama, as the ‘‘Judge James E. Horton, Jr. Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6591. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 501 South Kirkman Road in Orlando, Florida, as the ‘‘Napoleon ‘Nap’ Ford Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6615. An act to reauthorize the Traumatic Brain Injury program. H.R. 6621. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 530 East Main Street in Johnson City, Tennessee, as the ‘‘Major Homer L. Pease Post Office’’. H.R. 6628. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 4301 Northeast 4th Street in Renton, Washington, as the ‘‘James Marshall ‘Jimi’ Hendrix Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6655. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 44160 State Highway 299 East Suite 1 in McArthur, California, as the ‘‘Janet Lucille Oilar Post Office’’. H.R. 6780. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 7521 Paula Drive in Tampa, Florida, as the ‘‘Major Andreas O’Keeffe Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6831. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 35 West Main Street in Frisco, Colorado, as the ‘‘Patrick E. Mahany, Jr., Post Office Building’’. H.R. 6893. An act to amend the Overtime Pay for Protective Services Act of 2016 to extend the Secret Service overtime pay exception through 2020, and for other purposes. H.R. 6930. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 10 Miller Street in Plattsburgh, New York, as the ‘‘Ross Bouyea Post Office Building’’. H.R. 7120. An act to amend the Federal Election Campaign Act of 1971 to extend through 2023 the authority of the Federal Election Commission to impose civil money penalties on the basis of a schedule of penalties established and published by the Commission. H.R. 7230. An act to designate the facility of the United States Postal Service located at 226 West Main Street in Lake City, South Carolina, as the ‘‘Postmaster Frazier B. Baker Post Office’’. H.R. 7243. An act to amend Public Law 115– 217 to change the address of the postal facility designated by such Public Law in honor of Sergeant First Class Alwyn Crendall Cashe, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILL SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to an enrolled bill of the Senate of the following title: 
S. 756. An act to reauthorize and amend the Marine Debris Act to promote international action to reduce marine debris, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. ARRINGTON. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 9 o’clock and 15 minutes p.m.), the House adjourned until tomorrow, Friday, December 21, 2018, at 9 a.m. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
7216. A letter from the AttorneyAdvisor, Legal Division, Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection, transmitting the Bureau’s final rules — Appraisals for HigherPriced Mortgage Loans Exemption Threshold (RIN: 3170AA91) received December 6, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104 121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 7217. A letter from the Program Specialist, LRAD, Office of the Comptroller of the Currency, Department of the Treasury, transmitting the Department’s final rules — Appraisals for HigherPriced Mortgage Loans Exemption Threshold [Docket No.: OCC2018 0031] (RIN: 1557AE53) received December 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Financial Services. 7218. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel for Regulatory Affairs, Office of the General Counsel, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s final rule — Safety Standards for Cigarette Lighters; Adjusted Customs Value for Cigarette Lighters received December 12, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7219. A letter from the Assistant General Counsel, Regulatory Affairs Division, Consumer Product Safety Commission, transmitting the Commission’s direct final rule — Revisions to Safety Standard for Infant Bath Tubs [Docket No.: CPSC20150019] received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7220. A letter from the Director, Regulations Policy and Management Staff, FDA, Department of Health and Human Services, transmitting the Department’s final rule — List of Drug Products That Have Been Withdrawn or Removed From the Market for Reasons of Safety or Effectiveness [Docket No.: FDA2016N2462] (RIN: 0910AH35) received December 11, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. 7221. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pacific Ocean Perch in the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 170817779816102] (RIN: 0648XG114) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7222. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2018 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Snowy Grouper [Docket No.: 0907271173062903] (RIN: 0648 XG357) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7223. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; 2018 Commercial Accountability Measure and Closure for South Atlantic Golden Tilefish [Docket No.: 120404257332502] (RIN: 0648 XF971) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7224. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s modification of fishing seasons — Fisheries Off West Coast States; Modifications of the West Coast Commercial Salmon Fisheries; Inseason Actions #2 through #11 [Docket No.: 170831849840401] (RIN: 0648XG337) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7225. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — MagnusonStevens Act Provisions; Fisheries Off West Coast States; Pacific Coast Groundfish Fishery; 201718 Biennial 
Specifications and Management Measures; Inseason Adjustments [Docket No.: 160808696 701002] (RIN: 0648BH86) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7226. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Skate Complex; Inseason Adjustment to the Skate Wing Possession Limit [Docket No.: 170710645809802] (RIN: 0648XG162) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7227. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Sablefish in the Aleutian Islands Subarea of the Bering Sea and Aleutian Islands Management Area [Docket No.: 170817779816102] (RIN: 0648XG370) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7228. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Pacific Island Fisheries; Closure of 2018 Hawaii ShallowSet Longline Fishery; Court Order [Docket No.: 120416010 247601] RIN: 0648XG160) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7229. A letter from the Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — International Fisheries; Pacific Tuna Fisheries; Restrictions on Fishing for Sharks in the Eastern Pacific Ocean [Docket No.: 170712657799902] (RIN: 0648BG85) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7230. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; Shrimp Fishery Off the Southern Atlantic States; Reopening of the Penaeid Shrimp Fishery Off South Carolina [Docket No.: 1209194703513 02] (RIN: 0648XG294) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7231. A letter from the Acting Director, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, NMFS, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Fisheries of the Exclusive Economic Zone Off Alaska; Pollock in Statistical Area 610 in the Gulf of Alaska [Docket No.: 170816769816202] (RIN: 0648XG379) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7232. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Affairs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — MagnusonStevens Fishery Conservation and Management Act Provisions; Fisheries of the Northeastern United States; Northeast Groundfish Fishery; Fishing Year 2017; Emergency Removal of Southern Windowpane Accountability Measures [Docket No.: 170808738777701] (RIN: 0648 BH11) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7233. A letter from the Assistant Administrator for Fisheries, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration final rule — Fisheries of the Caribbean, Gulf of Mexico, and South Atlantic; SnapperGrouper Fishery of the South Atlantic Region; Amendment 37 [Docket No.: 160906822754702] (RIN: 0648BG33) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7234. A letter from the Deputy Assistant Administrator for Regulatory Affairs, NMFS, Office of Sustainable Fisheries, National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration, transmitting the Administration’s temporary rule — Temporary Rule To Establish Management Measures for the Limited Harvest and Possession of South Atlantic Red Snapper in 2017 [Docket No.: 170803719771901] (RIN: 0648BH10) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Natural Resources. 7235. A letter from the Chief, Publications and Regulations Branch, Internal Revenue Service, transmitting the Service’s IRB only rule — Revenue Ruling: 2018 Base Period T Bill Rate (Rev. Rul. 201831) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. 7236. A letter from the Director, Office of Regulations and Reports Clearance, Social Security Administration, transmitting the Administration’s final rule — Removal of Alternate Participant Program [Docket No.: SSA20170071] (RIN: 0960AI24) received December 13, 2018, pursuant to 5 U.S.C. 801(a)(1)(A); Public Law 104121, Sec. 251; (110 Stat. 868); to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 2425. A bill to support the establishment and improvement of communications sites on or adjacent to Federal lands under the jurisdiction of the Secretary of the Interior or the Secretary of Agriculture through the retention and use of rental fees associated with such sites, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1086, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 3535. A bill to restore Federal recognition to the Ruffey Rancheria of California, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1087). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 6510. A bill to establish, fund, and provide for the use of amounts in a National Park Service and Public Lands Legacy Restoration Fund to address the maintenance backlog of the National Park Service, United States Fish and Wildlife Service, Bureau of Land Management, and Bureau of Indian Education, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1088, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 6255. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to establish measures to combat invasive lionfish, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1089, Pt. 1). Ordered to be printed. Mr. COLE: Committee on Rules. House Resolution 1183. Resolution providing for consideration of the Senate amendment to the House amendment to the Senate amendment to the bill (H.R. 695) to amend the National Child Protection Act of 1993 to establish a voluntary national criminal history background check system and criminal history review program for certain individuals who, related to their employment, have access to children, the elderly, or individuals with disabilities, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1090). Referred to the House Calendar. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 502. A bill to permanently reauthorize the Land and Water Conservation Fund; with an amendment (Rept. 115–1091). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BISHOP of Utah: Committee on Natural Resources. H.R. 6939. A bill to protect and ensure multiple use and public access to public lands in Wyoming per the request of the respective counties, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–1092). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mrs. BROOKS of Indiana: Committee on Ethics. In the Matter of Allegations Relating to Representative Elizabeth Esty (Rept. 115– 1093). Referred to the House Calendar. DISCHARGE OF COMMITTEE  
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure discharged from further consideration. H.R. 6510 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
TIME LIMITATION OF REFERRED BILLS Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XII, the following action was taken by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2425. Referral to the Committee on Agriculture extended for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. H.R. 6510. Referral to the Committee on Education and the Workforce extended for a period ending not later than December 28, 2018. f 
PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: 
By Mr. DAVIDSON (for himself and Mr. SOTO): H.R. 7356. A bill to amend the Securities Act of 1933 and the Securities Exchange Act of 1934 to exclude digital tokens from the definition of a security, to direct the Securities and Exchange Commission to enact certain regulatory changes regarding digital units secured through public key cryptography, to adjust taxation of virtual currencies held in individual retirement accounts, to create a tax exemption for exchanges of one virtual currency for another, to create a de minimis exemption from taxation for gains realized from the sale or exchange of virtual currency for other than cash, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, 
for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 7357. A bill to establish within the Department of Transportation an Assistant Secretary of Automated Mobility and to direct such Assistant Secretary to submit to Congress a report on automated vehicles, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Energy and Commerce, Education and the Workforce, Financial Services, and Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. HOLDING: H.R. 7358. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an alternative exclusion for nonresident citizens of the United States living abroad; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. MOORE (for herself, Ms. JACKSONLEE, Ms. C LARKE of New York, and Ms. NORTON ): H.R. 7359. A bill to authorize the use of certain Department of Justice grant funds for voting restoration education, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 7360. A bill to prohibit the Department of Health and Human Services from operating unlicensed temporary emergency shelters for unaccompanied alien children; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 7361. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to allow exclusion of gain or loss on likekind exchanges of virtual currency; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 7362. A bill to provide fullyear appropriations for the Indian Health Service in the event of a partial lapse in appropriations, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Appropriations. By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 7363. A bill to amend the Communications Act of 1934 to provide that an owner or operator of a social media service that hinders the display of usergenerated content shall be treated as a publisher or speaker of such content, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BARR: H.R. 7364. A bill to amend the Consumer Financial Protection Act of 2010 to extend the supervisory authority of the Bureau of Consumer Financial Protection to include assessing compliance with the Military Lending Act; to the Committee on Financial Services, and in addition to the Committee on Armed Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. FLORES (for himself, Mr. LONG, and Mr. G UTHRIE ): H.R. 7365. A bill to require the Federal Communications Commission to approve or deny a license transfer application within 180 days of submission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 7366. A bill to reform and improve procedures for amending patents subject to postissuance review proceedings of the United States Patent and Trademark Office, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. BEYER (for himself and Mr. REICHERT ): H.R. 7367. A bill to designate a peak in the State of Washington as ‘‘Mount Cleator’’; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BEYER (for himself, Mr. WITTMAN, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. NORTON , Mr. K ILMER , Mr. P ERLMUTTER , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mr. CICILLINE , Ms. C LARK of Massachusetts, Mr. TAKANO , Mr. R ASKIN , Mr. LYNCH , Mr. M EEKS , Mr. C OOPER , Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Mr. V ELA, Mr. P ALLONE , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. P OCAN , Mr. CUMMINGS , Mr. S COTT of Virginia, Ms. PINGREE , Mrs. C AROLYN B. M ALONEY  of New York, Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mr. MCEACHIN , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. MICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Ms. MOORE , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mrs. COMSTOCK , Mr. V ISCLOSKY , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Mr. COLE, Mrs. B USTOS , Ms. E SHOO , Mr. COURTNEY , Ms. S TEFANIK , Mr. VARGAS , Ms. D ELAURO , Mrs. W ATSON  COLEMAN , Mr. P RICE of North Carolina, Ms. SHEAPORTER , Ms. L OFGREN , Ms. ROYBAL ALLARD , Mr. H OYER , Mr. SARBANES , Mr. S IRES, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. P ANETTA , Mr. DELANEY , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. W ILSONof Florida, Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Mr. FITZPATRICK , Mr. V EASEY , Ms. BLUNT ROCHESTER , Ms. BARRAGA ´N, Ms. M CCOLLUM , Mr. COHEN , Mr. C OSTA , Mr. R UPPERS BERGER , Mr. F OSTER , Mr. J ONES of North Carolina, Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. M ENG, Mr. CARBAJAL , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. PLASKETT ): H.R. 7368. A bill to provide for the compensation of Federal employees furloughed during a Government shutdown; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself and Mr. RUIZ): H.R. 7369. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide the Attorney General certain notifications in certain determinations made by the Secretary of improper prescribing of controlled substances, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. CRIST (for himself and Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana): H.R. 7370. A bill to direct the Attorney General to convene an interagency working group to study the enforcement of section 227(b) of the Communications Act of 1934; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. CRIST: H.R. 7371. A bill to provide that the Social Security Administration pay fees associated with obtaining birth certificate or State identification card for purposes of obtaining a replacement social security card for certain victims of domestic violence, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. DELAURO: H.R. 7372. A bill to prevent the changing of regulations governing the provision of waivers under the supplemental nutrition assistance program, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. HOLDING: H.R. 7373. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to provide an exemption from FIRPTA for interests held by certain foreign insurance companies; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. JONES of Michigan (for herself and Mrs. LAWRENCE ): H.R. 7374. A bill to provide consequences to States that reduce their State minimum wage and to redirects Federal funding to those States to the neediest localities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. JONES of Michigan (for herself and Mrs. LAWRENCE ): H.R. 7375. A bill to eliminate certain tax breaks and benefits and use the savings for investment in affordable housing for extremely low and very lowincome families, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committees on Natural Resources, Financial Services, and the Budget, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. KILMER (for himself and Ms. BONAMICI ): H.R. 7376. A bill to amend the Higher Education Act of 1965 to establish a workbased learning opportunities pilot grant program; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: H.R. 7377. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to exempt survivor benefit annuity plan payments from the individual alternative minimum tax; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. LUETKEMEYER (for himself, Mr. LAMALFA , Mr. L ONG, Mr. N ORMAN, Mr. K ELLY of Mississippi, Mr. SMITH of Missouri, and Mrs. W AGNER): H.R. 7378. A bill to require a guidance clarity statement on certain agency documents; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7379. A bill to prioritize the purchase of agricultural commodities from domestically owned enterprises, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7380. A bill to provide for an online repository for certain reporting requirements for recipients of Federal disaster assistance, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure, and in addition to the Committees on Small Business, and Financial Services, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PERRY: H.R. 7381. A bill to amend title 18, United States Code, to provide that traveling interstate or causing another to travel interstate for the purpose of female genital mutilation is prohibited, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. ROYCE of California (for himself and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ): H.R. 7382. A bill to regulate lobbying by Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SHERMAN: H.R. 7383. A bill to break up large financial entities; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Mr. SHERMAN (for himself, Mr. YOHO, Mr. C ONNOLLY , Mrs. W AGNER , and Mr. MCGOVERN ): 
H.R. 7384. A bill to counter the mass arbitrary detention of Turkic Muslims, including Uighurs, within the Xinjiang Uighur Autonomous Region of the People’s Republic of China, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Ms. TITUS (for herself and Ms. PLASKETT ): H.R. 7385. A bill to direct the President to establish pilot programs to provide long term rental housing assistance and case management services after certain major disasters, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. WALBERG (for himself and Ms. DELBENE): H.R. 7386. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 and the Higher Education Act of 1965 to facilitate the disclosure of tax return information to carry out the Higher Education Act of 1965, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Ways and Means, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 7387. A bill to adjust the eastern boundary of the Deschutes CanyonSteelhead Falls and Deschutes Canyon Wilderness Study Areas in the State of Oregon to facilitate fire prevention and response activities to protect private property, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BURGESS: H. Con. Res. 146. Concurrent resolution expressing the sense of Congress on the need to inform American consumers with more balanced purchasing information for prescription drugs through the disclosure of price information in directtoconsumer (DTC) advertisements; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committee on Ways and Means, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. DESAULNIER: H. Con. Res. 147. Concurrent resolution calling for an update to certain Occupational Safety and Health Regulations and certain Environmental Protection Agency programs relating to highly hazardous chemicals; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. PAULSEN: H. Res. 1184. A resolution expressing the sense of the House of Representatives that the 15th anniversary of the creation of Health Savings Accounts should be remembered as a turning point in the history of health care in the United States; to the Committee on Ways and Means. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. By Mr. DAVIDSON: H.R. 7356. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 The Congress shall have Power . . . To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into the Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. LIPINSKI: H.R. 7357. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Sec. 8, U.S. Constitution By Mr. HOLDING: H.R. 7358. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. MOORE: H.R. 7359. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, clause 3 By Ms. JUDY CHU of California: H.R. 7360. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of Section 8 of Article 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. BUDD: H.R. 7361. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 (‘‘To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes’’); Article I, Section 8, Clause 5 (‘‘To coin Money, regulate the Value thereof, and of foreign Coin, and fix the Standard of Weights and Measures’’); and Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 (‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’). By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 7362. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 7 of section 9 of article I of the Constitution of the United States (the appropriation power), which states: ‘‘No Money shall be drawn from the Treasury, but in Consequence of Appropriations made by Law . . . .’’ In addition, clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution (the spending power) provides: ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power . . . to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States. ‘‘. . .’’ Together, these specific constitutional provisions establish the congressional power of the purse, granting Congress the authority to appropriate funds,‘to determine their purpose, amount, and period of availability, and to set forth terms and conditions governing their use. By Mr. GOHMERT: H.R. 7363. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: ‘‘To regulate commerce with foreign nations, and among the several states, and with the Indian tribes.’’ By Mr. BARR: H.R. 7364. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution By Mr. FLORES: H.R. 7365. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. ISSA: H.R. 7366. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8, clause 8 ‘‘To promote the progress of science and useful arts, by securing for limited times to authors and inventors the exclusive right to their respective writings and discoveries.’’ By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 7367. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 By Mr. BEYER: H.R. 7368. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 7 of section 9 of Article I of the Constitution of the United States. [Page H2042] By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 7369. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause I By Mr. CRIST: H.R. 7370. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. CRIST: H.R. 7371. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3 By Ms. DELAURO H.R. 7372. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. HOLDING: H.R. 7373. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Ms. JONES of Michigan: H.R. 7374. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Art. I Sec. 8 Cl. 1 By Ms. JONES of Michigan: H.R. 7375. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Art. I Sec. 8 Cl. 1 By Mr. KILMER: H.R. 7376. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States By Mr. LARSEN of Washington: H.R. 7377. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: As described in Article 1, Section 1 ‘‘all legislative powers herein granted shall be vested in a Congress of the United States, which shall consist of a Senate and House of Representatives.’’ By Mr. LUETKEMEYER: H.R. 7378. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7379. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: 
Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: To regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes; and; Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Mr. MEADOWS: H.R. 7380. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: ARTICLE I, SECTION 8, CLAUSE 3 states, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . regulate Commerce . . . among the several States.. . .’’ And, ARTICLE I, SECTION 8, CLAUSE 18 states, ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Mr. PERRY: H.R. 7381. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. ROYCE of California: H.R. 7382. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1; Article 1, Section 8, Clause 2; and Article 1, Section 8, Clause 18 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. SHERMAN: H.R. 7383. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution By Mr. SHERMAN: H.R. 7384. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution By Ms. TITUS: H.R. 7385. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the United States Constitution By Mr. WALBERG: H.R. 7386. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 7387. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, Clause 2 (relating to the power of Congress to dispose of and make all needful rules and regulations respecting the territory or other property belonging to the United States). f 
ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 173: Mr. M ORELLE . H.R. 914: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 930: Mr. WEBER of Texas. H.R. 1291: Mr. KEATING and Ms. W ILD. H.R. 1615: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 1739: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 1869: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 1957: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 2151: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 2242: Ms. CLARKE of New York. H.R. 2475: Mr. COURTNEY and Mr. KRISHNAMOORTHI . H.R. 2906: Mr. HUFFMAN . H.R. 2978: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 3222: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 3602: Mr. MORELLE . H.R. 3653: Mr. MEEKS . H.R. 3918: Mr. FASO. H.R. 3923: Ms. SCANLON . H.R. 4040: Mr. CARBAJAL . H.R. 4206: Mr. BERA. H.R. 4271: Mr. RUPPERSBERGER . H.R. 4297: Mr. GIANFORTE , Mr. S MUCKER , and Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 4384: Mr. SEAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York. H.R. 4647: Mr. PERLMUTTER and Mr. O LSON . H.R. 4732: Ms. JUDYCHUof California, Mr. VARGAS , Mrs. H ARTZLER , and Ms. E SHOO . H.R. 4815: Mr. MCGOVERN and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 4843: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 5011: Mr. PERLMUTTER and Ms. BONAMICI . H.R. 5340: Mr. BIGGS. H.R. 5499: Mr. LANGEVIN , Mr. G OTTHEIMER , Mr. KHANNA , Mr. G RIJALVA , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Mr. ENGEL , Mr. C ORREA , and Mr. H IMES. H.R. 5658: Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 6016: Mr. JOYCE of Ohio. H.R. 6060: Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Ms. BROWNLEY of California, and Mr. C ARBAJAL . H.R. 6080: Ms. WILD. H.R. 6093: Mr. DESAULNIER . H.R. 6230: Mr. PANETTA . H.R. 6505: Mr. SIRES and Ms. C ASTOR of Florida. H.R. 6510: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 6543: Ms. BROWNLEY of California. H.R. 6759: Ms. BARRAGA ´N. H.R. 6864: Mr. SOTO. H.R. 7082: Mr. DANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois. H.R. 7128: Mr. GROTHMAN . H.R. 7129: Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia. H.R. 7165: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 7212: Mr. CA´RDENAS , Mr. D ESAULNIER , Miss GONZA´LEZCOLO´Nof Puerto Rico, Ms. WILSON of Florida, and Mr. M ARSHALL . H.R. 7225: Mr. EMMER . H.R. 7249: Mr. MARSHALL . H.R. 7273: Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 7275: Mr. CORREA . H.R. 7277: Ms. SPEIER . H.R. 7293: Mr. COURTNEY . H.R. 7304: Mr. JODYB. H ICEof Georgia and Mr. ZELDIN . H.R. 7320: Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. LYNCH , and Mr. M OULTON . H.R. 7325: Mr. POSEY and Mr. Z ELDIN . H.R. 7350: Mr. YOHOand Mr. D OGGETT . H.J. Res. 145: Mr. DESAULNIER . H. Con. Res. 145: Mr. DELANEY . H. Res. 69: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia. H. Res. 1031: Mr. LYNCH , Ms. J AYAPAL , Mr. LAWSON of Florida, and Mr. C UELLAR . H. Res. 1067: Mr. DELANEY . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S7957 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, THURSDAY, DECEMBER 20, 2018 No. 201 
The Senate met at 11:30 a.m. and was called to order by 