Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, on the week of the Congressional baseball game, one in which I will wear the uniform of the St. Louis Cardinals, I rise today to honor the life and career of Major League Baseball player Albert Fred ‘‘Red’’ Schoendienst, who passed away last week on Wednesday, June 6, at 95 years old. He was born 40 miles away from St. Louis, in my congressional district in Germantown, Illinois, on February 2, 1923. Red grew up as one of seven children. His dad was a coal miner. He lived, in his early days, without running water or electricity. He married Mary Eileen O’Reilly in 1947. They celebrated 52 years of marriage before she passed away in 1999. Together, they had four children, 10 grandchildren, and seven great grandchildren. At 16 years old, while working on a fence, under the Civilian Conservation Corps, he suffered an injury to his left eye. That injury made it hard for him to read a breaking ball from the right side, so he learned to be a switchhitter. Red tried out for the Cardinals in 1942 and, at his induction ceremony at the Baseball Hall of Fame, he said he and his friends hitchhiked a ride to St. Louis on a milk truck and: ‘‘I never thought that milk truck ride would eventually lead to Cooperstown and baseball’s highest honor.’’ He also spoke about his attitude toward playing the game. ‘‘I would play any position my manager asked. Whatever it took to win I was willing to do. All I ever wanted to do was be on that lineup card and become a champion.’’ And that Red Schoendienst was. After his discharge from the military, Red started his major league career with the Cardinals in 1945 as a left fielder. The hometown kid finally had a chance to play for his hometown team. He played in 137 games and stole 26 bases that season. In 1946, Red moved to second base, which is where he played for the rest of his career, and the Cardinals won the World Series at that time. It was the Cardinals’ third championship in 5 years and Red’s first. In 19 seasons as a player, Red compiled a .289 batting average, with 84 home runs, 773 RBIs, 1200plus runs. The Cardinals won the World Series in ’46, ’57, ’64, ’67 and ’82. He spent 74 consecutive years in major league baseball as a player, coach, and manager, and spent 67 of those years as a St. Louis Cardinal. I would like to end by also talking about Red and his family as individuals. Mary was very involved with reaching out to new players’ wives, helping them adjust to life with a major leaguer. Mary sang the national anthem many times before Cardinal games, and organized the wives’ charity group. What Red Schoendienst said was: ‘‘What makes baseball so great is you can’t hold the ball for 24 seconds and take the last shot or run the clock down and kick a field goal. You have to get 27 outs, one way or the other. Time doesn’t run out until you get that 27th out.’’ One of his best friends was Stan Musial, and he sums up Red this way: ‘‘A lot of guys had the privilege of playing with or for Red over the years, and I’m proud I was one of them. He is one of the kindest, most decent men I’ve ever known in my life. Even more important than having been his teammate or roommate, however, is having been his friend for so many years. They don’t come any better.’’ I can’t say it any better myself, Mr. Speaker. We have lost a great Cardinal. f 
INCREASE SNAP BENEFITS TO PROMOTE ACCESS TO HEALTHY FOOD The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. MCGOVERN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to bring attention to a recent study published by Kranti Mulik and Lindsey HaynesMaslow in the Journal of Nutrition Education and Behavior. Their research confirms what we already 
know about SNAP and what the Agriculture Committee has discovered during our thorough review of the program; and that is, that current benefits averaging only a $1.40 per person per meal are not enough to cover the cost of a healthy diet. Drs. Mulik and HaynesMaslow set out to explore how much it costs families to follow the MyPlate dietary guidelines set by the U.S. Department of Agriculture, and then estimated the additional resources families on SNAP would need to follow these recommendations for a healthy diet. They discovered that a family of four with two adults and two children between the ages of 8 and 17 needed between $1,109 and $1,249 a month to follow USDA’s recommendations for a healthy diet, including the time to prepare nutritious meals. The research found this type of family, a family of four with two older kids, would need an additional $627 per month to eat a nutritious diet. Overall, the research determined that current SNAP benefits only cover about 43 to 60 percent of the food budget needed to follow MyPlate recommendations. These findings underscore the need for Congress to protect SNAP and further expand access to nutritious food by increasing benefits. This is especially important as we continue to learn more about the negative health impacts exacerbated by hunger and a lack of access to nutritious food. Unfortunately, some in this House have turned efforts to help our constituents put food on their table when times are tough into an ideological crusade and, quite frankly, it is unconscionable. Food ought to be a fundamental right for every single person. Republicans on the House Agriculture Committee and in the Republican leadership of this House advanced a farm bill last month that would have done irreparable harm to our antihunger safety net. It relied on negative stereotypes and incorrect assumptions about the hardworking American families who rely on modest SNAP benefits. It would have slashed SNAP by $23 billion, which would cause millions of Americans to see their benefits reduced or eliminated entirely. And not only did this terrible bill single out those vulnerable adults who are having a difficult time finding stable employment, it also targeted working families, older adults, and children. In the United States of America, the richest country in the history of the world, no person should go to bed hungry or wondering where his or her next meal is coming from. This Congress ought to be focused on helping our constituents with a hand up when times are tough, instead of demonizing the poor and ignoring their struggles. Now, I am encouraged that the Senate Agriculture Committee is marking up a bipartisan farm bill today that protects SNAP from harmful cuts and makes investments in the program to help increase access to healthy foods. My Republican friends in the House should follow their example. As we continue through this year’s farm bill process, I urge my colleagues on both sides of the aisle to reject cuts to SNAP benefits and oppose efforts to reduce access to this critical food assistance program. As research has long confirmed, SNAP helps to reduce food insecurity, promote access to nutritious foods, and improve health. We know that SNAP benefits must be increased to cover the costs associated with a nutritious diet. I encourage my colleagues to consider this important new information and to join me in working to end hunger now. 
HONORING THE LIFE OF WILLIAM ALLEN KENDRICK, JR. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Louisiana (Mr. ABRAHAM ) for 5 minutes. Mr. ABRAHAM. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor the life of William Allen Kendrick, Jr., a Marine and lifelong resident of Jena, Louisiana, who died tragically on May 24. Allen led a life driven by passion, patriotism, and faith, values he lived and expressed through music. He served as a bandsman in the Marine Corps for 8 years and brought his enthusiasm for music and theater back to civilian life in his hometown of Jena, a small rural community that I have the privilege to represent in my district. Allen first discovered his love of music at Nolley Memorial United Methodist Church when he joined the Nolley group known as the Nolley Notables as a young student. As an adult, he created the Nolley Memorial UMC Grace Notes Choir and doubled the size of the LaSalle Parish Community Choir after becoming its director. Not surprisingly, Allen incorporated his love for God and country in his music, and it showed when he performed the most notable arrangements during Independence Day, Memorial Day, and other veterans events. He was also a member of the Jena Community Theater Group called Acting Up, and a former band director at Jena High School. Allen shared a quote on his Facebook page that said: ‘‘Music is not what I do. It’s who I am.’’ He lived that life every day, and all of us who heard his music are better for it. I join all those who have been blessed by Allen’s music, and I mourn his passing, as does the community. It will be hard not to think of him the next time I attend a service in Jena, though I know that his legacy and his patriotism will forever be a special part of Jena and Louisiana and, hopefully, the Nation. 
STOP PROSECUTING ASYLUM SEEKERS AND SEPARATING FAMILIES The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Illinois (Mr. GUTIE´RREZ ) for 5 minutes. Mr. GUTIE´RREZ. Mr. Speaker, last week a group of about a dozen of us wrote a letter to the head of the Department of Homeland Security, Health and Human Services, and the Attorney General. We demanded that the Trump administration cease its practice of prosecuting asylum seekers, to reunite the children they separated from their families, and to allow Members of Congress to visit the facilities where the children are being held. We gave these three Trump administration Cabinet Secretaries a deadline to get back to us, and so far we have heard nothing, not a peep. So now we are trying to figure out how to make it clear to the Trump administration that agencies taking children from the arms of moms and dads is absolutely 100 percent unacceptable to us and most Americans. Let’s look at what is going on here. In order to get more of you on that side of the aisle elected or reelected, the President and his henchmen have devised an electionyear strategy to be as mean and nasty as possible to asylum seekers, to immigrants, refugees, and Latinos in general. The President, and the Attorney General, and others have said that this is a national security strategy, and that our national security depends on taking toddlers, infants, and children, most of whom are under the age of 12, away from their parents. Come on, really? How does jailing a scared, frightened, terrorized 8 year old who barely escaped with her life from Central America, make any of us safer? Well, it doesn’t. The only person who might be safer because an 8yearold child is in jail is a Member of the House running for reelection on a get toughonimmigration platform. And it isn’t like they are taking these children from their parents and putting them on the other side of the jail or the other side of the forprofit detention center. No, they are taking the toddler, the infant, the 8 or 9 year old and taking them to a government facility somewhere else, maybe in New York, Chicago, Seattle, thousands of miles away. And we are hearing the most horrific stories. Parents who have had their children taken from them have committed suicide. Imagine how you would feel if you had to walk from El Salvador to Texas to save the life of your son or daughter, only to wind up in detention. Now, imagine that a man in a uniform comes up to you and says, hey, we are going to take your child for a bath. We are going to take them to see the doctor. And then hours go by and you realize they are gone, maybe forever. Can you imagine? Can you sit quietly and do nothing when that is how your tax dollars are being spent? We are scarring these children for the rest of their lives. We know this. Taking children from their families and institutionalizing them at a young age 
will have consequences for that child, and for this country, and our taxpayers, for the rest of their lives. And we don’t know for sure because none of the agencies have responded, but we hear that parents are going to court in mass trials and having their asylum claims denied—not heard, but denied—and then the parents are deported. Does the government then go out and find the child in Chicago or Detroit, and send them back to their parents? Who knows? But probably not. There is a certain devious and genuinely cruel kind of evil in separating a child from their mother. And they don’t expect anyone on the Republican side of the aisle to say anything, because it is part of the strategy to help them keep their job. Well, do you know what? Look, today, I am going to be joining with a group of hundreds of advocates from a diverse array of organizations, issues, and areas of this country, and we are going to demand answers. b1015 And it is just not LUISGUTIE´RREZ , but my friend and ally, JOECROWLEY . We will be together today at a rally at Freedom Plaza at 1:30 here in Washington, D.C., and JOEand I will have other Members, including some who signed that letter I talked about and got the ball rolling. Because do you know what? We cannot sit back and let our government systematically ruin the lives of families and scar children for life. When we said ‘‘never again,’’ we meant it. Never again, and that means right here in the United States of America. Mr. Speaker, I include in the RECORD  a letter to the Cabinet Secretary, signed by 11 Democrats, demanding that answers be placed in the RECORD . 
CONGRESS OF THE UNITED STATES , Washington, DC, June 8, 2018. Hon. KIRSTJEN M. N IELSEN , Secretary of Homeland Security, Washington, DC. Hon. JEFFSESSIONS , Attorney General of the United States, U.S. Department of Justice, Washington, DC. Hon. ALEXM. A ZARII, Secretary, U.S. Department of Health and Human Services, Washington, DC. DEARSECRETARY NIELSEN , ATTORNEY GENERAL SESSIONS , AND SECRETARY AZAR: We write to express our strong and emphatic opposition to the recently announced decision to prosecute migrants and asylumseekers, which is a reprehensible action that violates U.S. treaty obligations, due process, and the law. The consequence of this policy is that children are routinely taken from their parents, with tragic results. There are widespread reports of more than 11,000 migrant children already in custody of the Department of Health and Human Services (HHS). and hundreds of children—nearly half younger than 12 years old detained in Border Patrol stations when the law requires they be transferred within 72 hours to HHS. Serious and legitimate concerns have been raised about the deep trauma such separations cause these children, the questionable conditions in which they are being held and the absolute absence of a plan to reunite these children with their parents and families. Separating families by force and punishing children and their families who are fleeing for their lives is immoral, unnecessarily cruel, and violates every sciencebased child welfare principle to act in the best interests of the child. We refuse to stand by while you systematically harm and traumatize thousands of children. Therefore, we call on the Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland Security to cease and desist with your socalled ‘‘zerotolerance’’ policy and demand that HHS immediately begin reuniting these separated children with their parents. We also insist that you share with us the locations where you are holding these children and allow us and other Members of Congress to visit these locations and check on the conditions and welfare of the children. Given the severity of the situation, an immediate response is appropriate. We ask that you respond to us with your plan to meet these requests by 12 noon on Tuesday, June 12th. Members of Congress stand ready to take action if these issues are not addressed promptly. Morality and human decency dictate that you reverse these policies and take immediate actions to end the harm you are causing to the children you wrenched from their parents and took into your custody. Sincerely, Joseph Crowley, John Lewis, Luis V. Gutie´rrez, Wm. Lacy Clay, Pramila Jayapal, Judy Chu, Jan Schakowsky, Rau´l M. Grijalva, Adriano Espaillat, Barbara Lee, Al Green, Members of Congress. f HEROIN AND SYNTHETIC DRUG EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. KATKO ) for 5 minutes. Mr. KATKO. Mr. Speaker, I rise today, as the House considers legislation to address a heroin and synthetic drug epidemic plaguing our country, to honor the memories of two young people from my district: Morgan Brittany Axe, who died from a heroin overdose more than 2
1⁄2years ago, and Victor Orlando Woolson, who drowned after using synthetic drugs that he bought over the counter almost 6 years ago. Morgan and Victor and so many others were touched by this terrible epidemic. Morgan and Victor were both active members of our community and touched the lives of every person they interacted with. Before she passed away, Morgan worked at the Dewitt Animal Hospital and treated sick and injured animals on a daily basis. Victor was a high achieving graduate of Mexico High School and was enrolled in Cayuga Community College, where he studied criminal justice and psychology. Drug addiction is a terrible disease. Morgan became addicted to Xanax after the suicide of her boyfriend. She was just 17 years old at the time. Morgan became dependent on Xanax and needed it to function on a daily basis. She then progressed to other pills in order to numb her pain. After a long battle with heroin and prescription painkillers, Morgan found the strength of sobriety for 8 months and was on the drug Vivitrol. Vivitrol magically makes it impossible for addicts to get high on heroin or painkillers. After she found out that she was pregnant, Morgan went off Vivitrol because she did not want it to harm her child. Unfortunately, postacute withdrawal set in, and Morgan relapsed. Morgan did not have to drive to a drug house on Syracuse’s west side to buy the bag of heroin that killed her. Instead, a career drug dealer delivered it to her house in Fairmount after cajoling her to use it. After doing one bag of heroin, Deanna Axe found her daughter lifeless in her bedroom. Morgan overdosed and died, and her unborn child, Isaiah Douglas Lee Mathis, died with her. Morgan’s drug dealer, Anthony Vita, was federally prosecuted and is now in prison for the next 15 years. However, Vita being in prison where he belongs, will never bring Morgan back. Victor Woolson was your average happygolucky teenager who had many friends. He was not only a loyal friend but a loving brother, uncle, and grandson. Victor graduated Mexico High School with an advanced regents diploma and had 4 years in the Marine Corps Junior ROTC program. In college, Victor was contemplating a career in law enforcement while attending Cayuga Community College. While attending community college, Victor began experimenting with synthetic drugs that he was able to purchase legally over the counter. Because he could buy these substances over the counter, Victor assumed these illicit substances were safe. They were not. At the young age of 19, Victor went into a shop, bought a packet of K2/ Spice over the counter at a head shop in Oswego, New York, suffered a fatal reaction from smoking that synthetic marijuana, and drowned in Lake Ontario. After Victor’s tragic death, his mother, Teresa channeled her sadness and anger into advocacy and founded the Victor Orlando Woolson Foundation, or the VOW Foundation for short, which advocates for stronger legislation against synthetic drugs and assists individuals and organizations in providing services for mentally ill, homeless, and lowincome youth in Oswego County. It has been my honor to fight alongside Teresa, and this year I invited her to be my guest at the State of the Union in order to highlight the need to address and combat the use of synthetic drugs. I am proud to fight in memory of Morgan and Victor and so many others, and in this Congress I introduced the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act, or SITSA for short. The SITSA Act modernizes the Controlled Substances Act by speeding up the process of placing synthetic drugs on the controlled substances list. Under current law, drug producers often make minor tweaks to legal substances that mimic the effects of 
banned drugs and use this loophole to prevent law enforcement from removing these drugs from circulation. In addition, the SITSA Act outlaws 13 synthetic fentynals that have been identified by the Drug Enforcement Administration as an immediate threat to public health. Together, by passing this legislation, we can prevent synthetic drugs from, one, being imported into this country; two, being routinely mixed with heroin in fatal doses; and, three, being sold over the counter in head shops and bodegas throughout this country. These efforts can’t bring Victor Orlando Woolson back. They can’t bring Morgan Brittany Axe back and so many others from our district and our country, but this is a start in the right direction to stop this terrible epidemic. Every hour in this country, five people die from heroin overdose—every hour, 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, 52 weeks a year. We have got to stop it. We have got to keep pushing. I am proud to be part of the legislation, and I am proud that the Congress is acting in such a meaningful manner. 
AMERICA MUST REMAIN A SAFE HAVEN The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from New York (Mr. CROWLEY ) for 5 minutes. Mr. CROWLEY. Mr. Speaker, the Trump administration and its attacks on families seeking asylum are in full force. The Attorney General, Jeff Sessions, just announced this week that victims of domestic violence and gang violence will no longer qualify for asylum here in the United States. Victims of domestic violence and victims of gang violence will no longer be eligible for asylum, refuge, here in the United States. This isn’t about going after the perpetrators. What the Attorney General is doing is targeting the victims—not the perpetrators, but the victims—of domestic violence and of gang violence. Meanwhile, the administration continues to engage in the sickening policy of taking children, babies, away from their mothers and their fathers, just like this woman from Guatemala. Mr. Speaker, this is an ugly hour for our Nation, uglier than we have seen in a very, very long time. As a father myself, my heart aches when I hear the stories of toddlers screaming for their parents who are sitting in a cell within earshot. If that isn’t psychological torture, I don’t know what is. The stories my colleagues have recounted from the visits to detention centers are simply gutwrenching. Any one of my Republican colleagues who supports these abominable policies should be ashamed. Put yourself in the shoes of these people. They have just ventured hundreds, if not thousands, of miles to save their lives and to save the lives of their children. They have left everything they have known behind; every person they have left behind because it is no longer safe to stay there. They arrive in the world’s greatest nation seeking refuge and asylum and turn to American authorities, willingly, and apply for that asylum. And what happens? Their children are ripped from their arms screaming and crying, all because they tried to save their children from a treacherous fate. The Republican Party used to stand for and talk a lot about family values. Republicans of all stripes would tout it over and over again: family values, family values, family values. There is no value in ripping a child from the arms of their mother. It is inhumane. There is no value in keeping children alone in a steel cage without the love of their family. It is cruel. There is no value in traumatizing children who cannot fend for themselves. It is torture. My colleagues, America is asking, the world is asking: Where are your family values now? Where is your outrage? Where is your compassion? Where is your courage? They don’t need to do this to these families. And don’t let them fool you: the law does not require this, not one bit. This is a choice that is being made by President Trump—not the law, a choice— and it must stop. America must be on the side of children and families. America must remain a safe haven for those seeking safety and refuge. Last week, 10 of my colleagues and I sent a letter to the Department of Homeland Security and other agencies on this reprehensible action. We called on them to cease and desist with their socalled zerotolerance policy and reunite separated parents and mothers with their children. We made very clear that we expected an immediate response; and surprise, we have gotten no response. They have offered no response to how cruel they are being, no response to the harm that they are causing to these children. So I will stand in solidarity with these families. I will stand in solidarity with those fleeing violence and seeking asylum. I will stand up and I will shout out against these agencies until they recognize that these practices are unacceptable. Democrats will keep fighting until the disgusting practice of taking children away from their mothers ends. 
RECOGNIZING VINCENT GONZALEZ The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. FITZPATRICK ) for 5 minutes. Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize a member of our community in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, who was recently honored as a Red Cross hero. Last New Year’s Eve, Vincent Gonzalez of Levittown sprang into action following a serious accident in which an impaired driver crashed his vehicle into the home of his neighbors Jim and Mary Albright. Vincent provided immediate assistance to Jim, who was seriously injured and was bleeding heavily from a sustained head wound. For the rest of that night, Vincent comforted Mary, who had to face the devastating reality of an injured husband, a damaged home, and the death of the family’s beloved yellow lab because of this horrific incident. Today, Jim, who is fully recovered, refers to Vincent as his and Mary’s ‘‘guardian angel.’’ I would like to honor Vincent for his quick thinking and selfless actions. I encourage all of my constituents to follow his lead and to look out for each other in times of crisis. RECOGNIZING LOGAN KILLEEN  
Mr. FITZPATRICK. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to recognize a heroic young man who is already teaching our community in Bucks County, Pennsylvania, the values of respect and compassion. Logan Killeen of Fairless Hills was born with Treacher Collins syndrome, a rare disorder which affects facial bones and structure. Recently, Logan has undergone several surgeries to alleviate his condition, and he often wears a headband to assist with his hearing. In the fall, Logan will be starting kindergarten at Oxford Valley Elementary School. That school recently held an assembly in his honor to teach fellow students that, even though Logan may look different than they do, he is just like them. I commend Logan for his bravery, and I also commend Oxford Valley Elementary School as well. I want to commend both for their willingness to spread kindness to their peers and to our community. I would also like to recognize Logan’s parents, Matt and Nicole Killeen, for raising such a fine young man and for all that they do for individuals facing this challenge. 
b1030 GUN VIOLENCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Illinois (Ms. KELLY ) for 5 minutes. Ms. KELLY of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, I rise today yet again because Congress continues to do nothing as Americans die from the scourge of gun violence. It is just over 2 years from the tragedy at Pulse nightclub that claimed 49 lives and changed hundreds of lives forward; 1 year since mass shootings in Baltimore, Maryland, and University City, Missouri, that claimed 2 lives and wounded 6 others; nearly 1 year since the Republican majority whip was shot just a few miles from here preparing for the annual Congressional Baseball Game; and I will add, this past weekend, 9 more wounded in Chicago and over 30 shot. 
Ms. KELLY of Illinois. It is sad that it took me too little time to find the names of 250 Americans killed by gun violence, sad because we could save lives but refuse to do so. We could save other families from enduring this trauma and pain if the majority could find the courage to put American lives before NRA checks and Big Gun lobbies. 
CONGRATULATING KENT BRAITHWAITE ON HIS RETIREMENT The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. RUIZ) for 5 minutes. Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Kent Braithwaite on his retirement after 39 years of service as a teacher, counselor, and role model for the students of Coachella Valley High School. During his tenure, Mr. Braithwaite has left an indelible impression on countless students. As a social studies and English teacher, an adviser, and a mentor, he has helped countless students prepare for and pursue a college education. More importantly, he instilled in his students a lifelong love of learning. 
Many years ago, I was one of those students in Mr. Braithwaite’s English class. I like to think I tried my best in every class, but Mr. Braithwaite was the kind of teacher who not only taught, but inspired his students to work even harder. He challenged my classmates and me every day, pushing us to write clearly, read carefully, and question the beliefs and assumptions we brought to his classroom. In the Coachella Valley, the region I grew up in and have the privilege to represent, there are still far too many young people who drop out of high school before they can graduate or pursue a higher education. Teachers like Mr. Braithwaite are helping to show these students that they can achieve their dreams by pursuing their education. During his nearly four decades of teaching, Mr. Braithwaite has served his fellow teachers and the Coachella Valley Unified School District in various leadership positions and received prestigious recognitions from the California State Assembly, the House of Representatives, and many local advocacy organizations for his excellence in teaching. Most importantly, he has the gratitude of thousands of Coachella Valley High School alumni. Mr. Braithwaite is joining his wife and fellow teacher, Jennifer Braithwaite, for a wellearned retirement. Over her 38year career, Mrs. Braithwaite invited Holocaust survivors and Vietnam veterans to speak to her classes, gave out scholarships to her students, and helped bring the Advanced Placement program to Coachella Valley High School. Like her husband, Mrs. Braithwaite has always gone above and beyond to serve her students. On behalf of all the students whose lives Mr. and Mrs. Braithwaite have touched, I would like to offer my sincerest thanks and congratulate them both on their inspiring and meaningful careers. 
Mr. RUIZ. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate Mr. Rafael Barboza on his retirement after more than 30 years of service as a guidance counselor for the students of Coachella Valley High School. For more than 30 years, Mr. Barboza has spearheaded Coachella Valley High School’s efforts to make attending college a reality, leading college application workshops and connecting students with financial aid and scholarship opportunities. He has influenced countless students’ lives, and our entire community is grateful for his dedication and commitment to the next generation of leaders. When I was a student at Coachella Valley High School, my goal was to one day attend medical school and become a doctor. That dream often felt very far away, and at times I wondered whether it might come true. If it wasn’t for the support and encouragement of my teachers and counselors, especially Mr. Barboza, I do not know whether I would have achieved my lifelong dream of becoming a physician. Mr. Barboza was my guidance counselor and mentor, as he has been for thousands of students over the years. Few people have had such a positive impact on my life. Mr. Barboza drove me to become a better student and a better person. He taught me the value of hard work, integrity, and perseverance. Like me, many students in my congressional district aspire to pursue a higher education but often struggle to afford the application fees, tuition, textbooks, and many other expenses. When the time came for me to apply for college and money was tight at home, Mr. Barboza paid for my application, as I am sure he has done for others. Without his generosity, the first step in my journey towards becoming a doctor would never have been possible. Mr. Barboza has also lent his voice to local and national conversations about the rising cost of higher education. As someone on the front lines of our public school system, I hope he will continue to enrich this discussion with his insights. In recognition of the positive impact he has had on my life and the lives of countless students and alumni of Coachella Valley High School, it was my privilege to host Mr. Barboza as my guest for President Barack Obama’s 2015 State of the Union Address. Now, on the eve of his retirement, I am honored to congratulate my counselor and mentor, Mr. Rafael Barboza, on his wellearned retirement and wish him health and happiness in this new chapter of life. f 
WE ARE OUR BROTHER’S KEEPER The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Texas (Mr. ALGREEN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to stand in the well of the House, I am proud to be an American, and I am proud to say that today I rise because I believe that separating children from their parents because they are fleeing violence is antithetical to American values. Mr. Speaker, I rise because I do not believe that this is consistent with the golden rule and that this is not doing unto others as we would have them do unto us if we were similarly situated. I rise because I believe that this is not what the good Samaritan would do. The Good Samaritan not only provided immediate aid and comfort, but also took the person who had been harmed to a place where that person could receive additional aid and comfort and went so far as to say: I am leaving this amount with you. If this is not enough, I will come back, and I will give you more. This is antithetical to our values. Separating children from their parents, be it mother or father, is still a separation of a child from the person whom the child has grown to believe will be there to protect him or her. This is antithetical to what we believe in. It is antithetical to the notion that we are our brother’s keeper, that we look out for others; that there is but one race, and it is the human race; and that all of God’s creation was meant to live in harmony as it relates to humans. Mr. Speaker, this is not being one’s brother’s keeper. You cannot be your brother’s keeper without keeping your brother. We have become a country who would like to see those who are in harm’s way helped—but by someone else. If you are fleeing violence in Syria, let’s make sure that someone else can help you. Mr. Jose Escobar, my constituent, was fleeing violence. He was brought up from El Salvador by his mother, trying to save her son, and now he has found himself separated from his wife and his two children with $20 in his pocket and sent back to El Salvador. I went there to see him. I know of what I speak. Mr. Speaker, this is antithetical to our values, and it is detrimental to our existence as a great nation. It is time for us to take a stand and demand that this administration that can find reason to criticize football players, that can find reason to say there were some fine people among those in Charlottesville, and that can find reason to call women names, it is time for this administration and this President to end this antithetical policy as it relates to American values. I proudly stand here as a proud American. f 
THE OPIOID EPIDEMIC The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Alabama (Ms. SEWELL ) for 5 minutes. Ms. SEWELL of Alabama. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to speak out for the millions of American families who have been impacted by the opioid epidemic. Every day we hear another story of parents who have lost their child to a heroin overdose or of young children who are left behind without care as their parents struggle with addiction. In Alabama, which has the highest rate of opioid prescription use in this Nation, residents average 1.2 prescriptions per person. Mr. Speaker, this epidemic doesn’t discriminate by age or income or gender. The opioid epidemic has taken from families of every background. Now, more than ever, these victims need our help. It is our job to help them find treatment not as criminals, but as patients in need of care. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful that we are finally seeing as a society that addiction is not something to be criminalized but, rather, addiction is, indeed, a public health crisis. It is not a crime. It is a chronic neurological 
disorder, and it does make sense for us to find help for those who need it and not to put them in jail. Unfortunately, during the 1980s and 1990s during the crack addiction, we criminalized that addiction and destroyed so many families, many of whom are in my district. But, Mr. Speaker, I am glad that we see that the opioid epidemic is, indeed, a public health crisis. I am equally glad that, Mr. Speaker, we are finally working in a bipartisan way to actually find the needed help that these families need in order to break such addictions. Today I am glad to see that Republicans and Democrats working together in Congress are trying to solve the opioid epidemic and to help those in need. At a time when Congress is struggling with partisan gridlock, I am glad and happy to see that this week has been declared by my Republican colleagues as Opioid Week, where we will talk about bipartisan bills in order to solve this crisis. I am proud to have introduced bipartisan legislation with Republican Congressman PETER ROSKAM . Our bill, the Preventing Addiction for Susceptible Seniors Act, helps prevent abuse among seniors without limiting access to needed medication. For an atrisk senior, our legislation requires part D to create a lockin plan that prevents patients from doctor shopping. Our legislation would also streamline communications between CMS and part C and part D plans regarding program integrity. Mr. Speaker, bipartisan solutions like these are a step forward in our work to solve the opioid crisis. I look forward to my bill with Mr. ROSKAM  coming before this body next week. I truly believe that we have the power to end this epidemic. I have heard reports from Alabama groups that our poison control center is getting fewer calls about opioid emergencies. A new study shows that the opioid prescription rate in Alabama has finally begun to decrease. b1045 States have implemented prescription drug monitoring programs that have proven successful, and many pharmacists have limited opioid prescriptions to 7 days. If we are going to put a stop to the opioid crisis, we need to collaborate with every stakeholder. We also need to make sure that our societal safety net is working effectively to give a path out of addiction, rather than letting them fall through the cracks. I want to take a moment to share a story about a person in my district, Jessica, a constituent from Alabama. Jessica was a victim of parental abuse as a child. She was introduced to opioids by a doctor for a sports injury in high school. By 17, she was crushing and snorting pills. She received 330 pills a month. Jessica had three children and lost custody of all three at different points. She started using heroin after losing custody of her youngest son. Then her brother died of a heroin overdose. I share this story because I believe Jessica’s story speaks to the financial stresses that workingclass Americans recovering from addiction feel every day. Now in recovery, Jessica works 10 hour night shifts at Burger King. Given the hours she works, Jessica falls into our State’s Medicaid gap. She doesn’t qualify to receive Medicaid, so she doesn’t have health insurance. Jessica has been clean for over a year. But, Mr. Speaker, because she doesn’t have health insurance, this makes her addiction problem and fighting it much harder. The bills that we are considering this week and next week are a step toward this. There are no silver bullets. But, Mr. Speaker, I do believe that we as a body can help to address this horrible epidemic. I am glad that we are finally seeing that addiction is not criminal, but rather a public health crisis, and we are seeking to solve it. f 
OPIOID CRISIS The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Florida (Ms. CASTOR ) for 5 minutes. Ms. CASTOR of Florida. Mr. Speaker, this week, the House is considering a number of bills relating to the opioid public health epidemic. I serve on the Energy and Commerce Committee, and over the past year, our committee has heard from experts. We have had numerous hearings on all facets of the opioid crisis. We have gathered facts, listened to witnesses, including those struggling with addiction; doctors; providers; the Drug Enforcement Agency; and more. Plus, many families and experts back home have informed us and encouraged the Congress to act. Last year, one loving father in my home district in Tampa, Florida, came to meet with me to share his experience. He said: 
Our son has been an addict for the last 5 years. During that time, our family has discovered how impotent the healthcare system, government system, insurance companies, criminal justice system, and our family have been to combat this disease. Prior to our personal experience, we were like most Americans who believed this was not our problem, but we were saddened by those who experienced the crisis. In addition, we cannot believe how futile and limited our resources and efforts to help our son overcome this illness have been. We still believe, although to a lesser degree, that the people afflicted with this illness still hold the key to unlocking their own happiness to managing this illness. However, what is abundantly clear now is that the resources necessary to provide even a remote chance for addicts to achieve temporary or permanent remission must be substantially increased. We have invested, personally, over $100,000 trying to help our son. 
His remarks echo what we heard from experts all across the board in our committee, like Dr. Andrew Kolodny, director of Opioid Policy Research at Brandeis University, who emphasized that treatment has to be expanded exponentially, and it must be easy to access. ‘‘We have to build a new system in America that does not exist.’’ Democrats have urged our colleagues on the other side of the aisle to join us in truly tackling the crisis. What became apparent in committee and what is apparent through these smallball bills on the floor this week and next week is that Republicans still are not there. They are not willing to adequately address this public health crisis. We need a robust, longterm solution that truly meets the challenge of the opioid crisis. A consensus has emerged, and it is based upon these devastating facts right now. Over 40,000 people are dying from an opioid overdose every year. In my home State of Florida, we are losing about 5,700 people per year to overdose. That was in 2016. That was a 35 percent increase from the previous year. The CDC says opioid overdoses have quadrupled since 1999. Only 10 to 15 percent of Americans suffering from opioid addiction are currently receiving treatment. Those numbers cry out for a meaningful, comprehensive approach. But our Republican colleagues have failed to get there with us. We have been through this before. In the late 1980s and early 1990s, we were struggling with the HIV/AIDS public health epidemic. For many years, the Congress was criticized for not adequately addressing the crisis. There was a harmful stigma involved, just like there is for opioid addiction. But by the early 1990s, the Congress came together and adopted the Ryan White CARE Act that provided resources all across the country in a consistent fashion and provided funds to local communities and local nonprofits to help us. The death rate from HIV/ AIDS is dramatically less. This is what we have to do when it comes to opioids: provide that comprehensive, longterm solution that simply isn’t being demonstrated in these smallball, little bills that are nibbling around the edges. Mr. Speaker, at the same time, it is very difficult to be proactive in a meaningful way on the opioid crisis when Republicans and the White House continue to drag us backward when it comes to affordable healthcare. Just last week, the Trump administration and the GOP launched a new attack on Americans with preexisting conditions like opioid addiction. They asked a Federal court to strike down the Affordable Care Act preexisting condition protection. That is the bedrock protection contained in the Affordable Care Act that says, if you have a cancer diagnosis, Alzheimer’s, or heart disease, an insurance company cannot deny you coverage, and they cannot charge you exorbitant rates. The GOP has never really been for that protection. 
How are we going to adequately address the opioid addiction crisis when they want to tear away affordable healthcare, including the protection on preexisting conditions? We need a robust solution here, a comprehensive solution. Otherwise, this is simply nibbling around the edges. 
NEGOTIATIONS WITH NORTH KOREA The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from California (Mr. SHERMAN ) for 5 minutes. Mr. SHERMAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise to discuss the negotiations with North Korea. I do so in my role as the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Asia and the Pacific. I point out that, just a month ago, I joined with the chairman of that subcommittee, Mr. YOHO, in sending a letter to the President saying we now need tougher sanctions on North Korea. In particular, we need to make it clear to the large banks in China that they can no longer do business with North Korea. We had our foot on the neck of Kim Jongun. We needed to press it down a little harder to get the concessions that we need. Instead, we have a lifting of the efforts. Instead of ratcheting our sanctions up, we are going to relax them. The word is out to businesses and banks in China: You can do a little bit more today and a little bit more after that. This is a giant victory for Kim Jong un. The negotiations will go forward, but those negotiations will go forward with Kim Jongun being able to breathe because we no longer have our foot on his neck. Four hours ago, the President tweeted: ‘‘There is no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea.’’ He might as well have smiled with Kim Jongun and said: ‘‘Peace in our time.’’ Now, I am not saying that what happened in Singapore is as fraught with danger for the world as was what happened in Munich in 1938, but what happened in Munich will illustrate for us that just because you have a summit with smiles does not mean you are leading toward peace. The President tweeted: ‘‘There is no longer a nuclear threat from North Korea.’’ If you believe that, you probably believe that he has been faithful to all three of his wives. We hope that these negotiations lead to real peace. But so far, they have led only to a big win for the person President Trump calls ‘‘Little Rocket Man.’’ That is a big win for Little Rocket Man. You see, the President’s most famous book has been reissued. It is now called ‘‘The Art of the Capitulation.’’ How do you exercise the art of the capitulation? You make enormous concessions to the other side. You settle for vague platitudes. Then you go on TV and say: This is the best deal ever. Let’s look at the concessions. The President has referred to our military exercises as provocative and indicated that they will be scaled back or eliminated. He has given the green light to Chinese business and bankers to do business. He has given Kim Jongun the prestige of a meeting with the President of the United States, not necessarily our most prestigious President, but a President of the United States nevertheless. What have we received in return? A vague statement about denuclearizing the Korean Peninsula. But, as far as we know, North Korea doesn’t intend to do that until the entire world is denuclearized. He also has released three American hostages and says he will help us, allow us, to find some of the bodies of our fallen heroes from the Korean war. Those are basic in human civilization. He releases hostages, and for that, we give major concessions. The one concession that we did not get is a halt for even a minute in the creation of fissile material at Yongbyon. There, North Korea, throughout the negotiations and while the President was tweeting, makes more enriched uranium, more plutonium, and is building more bombs. That didn’t stop for a minute. So we are told that there has been at least a pause in their testing program. Keep in mind, Russia hasn’t tested a nuclear weapon since 1990. Are we going to say that they don’t have nuclear weapons capable of reaching the United States and destroying our cities? The fact is, North Korea has proven its nuclear capacity, so they can go a while without testing. They are continuing to make more bombs that they have already tested and proven. We all hope that we reach a peaceful settlement. This has not been a good start. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
b1200 AFTER RECESS The recess having expired, the House was called to order by the Speaker pro tempore (Mr. CONAWAY ) at noon. 
PRAYER Reverend Dr. Daniel C. Gunn, St. Andrew’s Episcopal Church and School, New Providence, New Jersey, offered the following prayer: Almighty God, who has given us this good land for our heritage, we humbly beseech You that we may always prove ourselves a people mindful of Your favor and glad to do Your will. Bless our land with honorable industry, sound learning, and pure manners. Save us from violence, discord, and confusion; from pride and arrogance; and from every evil way. Defend our liberties, and fashion into one united people the multitudes brought here out of many kindreds and tongues. Endue with the spirit of wisdom those to whom in Your name we entrust the authority of government, that there may be justice and peace at home, and that, through obedience to Your law, we may show forth Your praise among the nations of the Earth. In the time of prosperity, fill our hearts with thankfulness, and in the day of trouble, suffer not our trust in You to fail; all which we humbly ask in Your most holy name. Amen. f 
THE JOURNAL The SPEAKER pro tempore. The Chair has examined the Journal of the last day’s proceedings and announces to the House his approval thereof. Pursuant to clause 1, rule I, the Journal stands approved. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The SPEAKER pro tempore. Will the gentleman from Georgia (Mr. ALLEN ) come forward and lead the House in the Pledge of Allegiance. Mr. ALLEN led the Pledge of Allegiance as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
WELCOMING REVEREND DR. DANIEL CUBE GUNN The SPEAKER pro tempore. Without objection, the gentleman from New Jersey (Mr. LANCE ) is recognized for 1 minute. There was no objection. Mr. LANCE. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to introduce the Reverend Dr. Daniel Cube Gunn, who has so eloquently opened our session in the daily prayer. Father Gunn joins us in the House Chamber from St. Andrew’s Episcopal Church and School in New Providence, New Jersey, a beautiful community in the district I have the honor of serving. Father Gunn’s professional ministry, education, and service to his and my faith of Christianity has spanned several States and experiences. He graduated from Lee College, earned his master’s degree in divinity at the Church of God Theological Seminary and a master’s degree in philosophy at West Chester University in Pennsylvania. Father Gunn later completed a master’s degree of sacred theology in 
Anglican theology and ethics at Yale University’s Divinity School. Father Gunn heard the call of ministry at a young age. During service in Tennessee, he served the Department of Corrections, bringing hope and wisdom to those incarcerated. He then brought his ministry to St. Luke’s Hospital in Bethlehem, Pennsylvania, completing a clinical residency where he brought comfort to patients and their families. Father Gunn was ordained to the deaconate and priesthood in 2002, and his assignments brought him to Bronxville, New York; WilkesBarre, Pennsylvania; Clarksboro, New Jersey; and Ridgewood, New Jersey. Father Gunn was then named priestincharge and superintendent of St. Andrew’s in New Providence, New Jersey. I thank him for his stewardship at St. Andrew’s. Its mission statement gives the church the welcoming moniker of ‘‘a big heart, making God’s love known to the world.’’ I thank Father Gunn for being here and for offering our daily prayer. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HULTGREN. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Aurora’s Illinois Math and Science Academy as the firstever U.S. host of the International Student Science Fair. This month, 35 STEM schools from 20 countries will focus particularly on ‘‘significantly influencing life on our planet through cooperation and collaboration.’’ IMSA began with an idea from Fermilab Director Leon Lederman and leadership from its first president, Dr. Stephanie Pace Marshall. Its own mission is to ignite and nurture creative, ethical, scientific minds that advance the human condition. IMSA knows that careers in STEM are not just about learning math and science as isolated individuals. It is about how mastering these subjects as a team can solve problems and improve lives, as I have seen in the high school students that are part of my own STEM Scholars program. IMSA has consistently pushed students to work together in a community, propelling their graduates to Silicon Valley and beyond. This year’s science fair is in good hands, and I congratulate IMSA on this historic achievement. f 
AMERICA’S OPIOID CRISIS (Mr. KILDEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. KILDEE. Mr. Speaker, this week, the House is voting on bills meant to address the opioid crisis, a crisis facing communities across the country. This crisis deserves our full attention and bipartisan action. Mr. Speaker, 115 people die every day from overdose. These are real human beings. I think of Katie Lethbridge, from my home community of Brendan Bye, lost to this terrible, terrible addiction, this terrible tragic disease. We need more than just the legislation that is coming before us this week. We need a serious commitment to treatment, to funding treatment, not just with direct funding to ensure that the programs that support treatment are in place, but actually making sure that people have healthcare coverage that includes coverage for treatment. When this House works to undermine the guarantee that people with a preexisting condition, which could include addiction, if it is taken from them, we are really not living up to the promise that we owe to these folks. 
AMERICA’S OPIOID CRISIS (Mr. ALLEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. ALLEN. Mr. Speaker, in America today, in every State, in too many families, there is a profound sense of pain, loss, and suffering caused by the horrendous opioid crisis. Unfortunately, my home State of Georgia is not immune to this growing epidemic. Many of my closest friends have lost family members or children, and the question is always: Why? How can this happen? From 1999 to 2014, prescription opioid deaths increased tenfold in Georgia. We saw over 500 deaths in 2015 as a result of opioid abuse. Over the next few weeks, my colleagues and I in the House of Representatives are bringing opioid addiction out of the shadows and voting on over 50 pieces of legislation to prevent further opioid abuse and assist those currently dealing with addiction. We must take proactive steps to fight opioid addiction and focus on treating the mind, the body, and, most important in my view, the spirit. The road to recovery may be long and hardfought, but the American will is as strong as ever and shall prevail. We are at war with drugs, and we must defeat this enemy. I urge all my colleagues to join me in supporting the nearly 40 opioidrelated bills before this House this week. America needs us. f 
MEDICARE IS THE BEST PUBLIC HEALTHCARE OPTION (Mr. HIGGINS of New York asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. HIGGINS of New York. Mr. Speaker, the Justice Department last week said to a Federal court that it will not defend against efforts to dismantle the individual market and protections for preexisting conditions of the healthcare law. Mr. Speaker, the 50 to 64 demographic in America that buys health insurance on the exchanges is about to get clobbered with 30 to 40 percent premium increases and no protection against denial for preexisting conditions. The 60 million people between the ages of 50 and 64 need the protection of Medicare now by allowing them to buy into the program to give them medical coverage. Medicare is fully compliant with the Affordable Care Act, and Medicare always covers preexisting conditions. Medicare is the best health care insurance, and it is the best public option that already exists. Let’s make that accessible to the people who are age 50 to 64. 
WORLD BLOOD DONOR DAY (Mr. SHIMKUS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. SHIMKUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express my support for and 
emphasize the importance of blood donation and independent blood centers in America. Blood transfusions help save millions of lives each year. However, blood cannot be manufactured, so our entire national supply depends on the selfless generosity of blood donors. Because donated blood is perishable, it has a limited shelf life. It must be continually replenished. Last year, when a shooter attacked the Republican baseball team and hit my friend and roommate, Majority Whip STEVE SCALISE , the donors who visited their local blood center in the days prior to the shooting made a crucial difference in saving his life. Volunteer blood donors ensure that patients suffering due to natural disasters, accidents, diseases, or acts of violence always will have access to lifesaving blood. This week, in honor of World Blood Donor Day, I want to thank our Nation’s blood donors, as well as encourage others to join the 7 million Americans who choose to donate blood each year. I also encourage my colleagues to visit their local blood centers to learn more about the continuous need for blood donation and to support their lifesaving work. 
AMERICA’S GROWING HEALTHCARE CRISIS (Mrs. DINGELL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Mrs. DINGELL. Mr. Speaker, I rise to share with my colleagues the crisis facing families across the country whose fear is growing daily about their healthcare. This week, I took John to the doctor, and so many people stopped us, it ended up being an unscheduled town hall meeting. A 50yearold woman who had had a stroke last year, who was now walking and talking, scared to death that she would lose her insurance and about what she would do. A mother of an 8yearold who has juvenile diabetes crying and saying: What am I going to do? I don’t know how I will afford it, or if her life could even end. There were 10 more stories that morning. This isn’t a war of words. These are real people with real consequences, and, for some, it is a matter of life and death. They are depending on all of us. We must come together. So many of my colleagues said: ‘‘We will never go back to the days that people would be denied insurance because of preexisting conditions.’’ Let’s work together to help people who need us. 
OPTIMISM ABOUT THE TRUMPKIM SUMMIT (Mr. WILSON of South Carolina asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. WILSON of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, on Monday, President Donald Trump arrived in Singapore for the historic meeting with Kim Jongun of North Korea, the firstever meeting between a sitting President and the leader of North Korea. I applaud President Donald Trump, Secretary of State Mike Pompeo, and National Security Advisor John Bolton for their successful efforts. This summit was a substantive step forward, but to protect American families, the United States will continue to insist that North Korea take concrete, verifiable steps toward denuclearization. I remain hopeful that North Korea will commit to regular, unannounced nuclear inspections by both U.N. and American experts, leading to prosperity for the people of North Korea, as has been achieved phenomenally for the people of South Korea. As one of only two Members of Congress who have visited Pyongyang, I am especially grateful that President Trump has maintained his effective foreign policy of peace through strength, without which this summit would have never occurred. In conclusion, God bless our troops, and we will never forget September the 11th in the global war on terrorism. Congratulations to State Representative Katie Arrington on the dynamic primary victory yesterday to represent the historic First District of South Carolina. f 
b1215 COMMUNICATION FROM THE CLERK OF THE HOUSE The SPEAKER pro tempore laid before the House the following communication from the Clerk of the House of Representatives: 
HONORING HUMBERTO LOPEZ (Mr. BIGGS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. BIGGS. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to honor and congratulate my friend, Humberto Lopez, for receiving the Arizona Lodging & Tourism Association’s Hotelier of the Year Award this past May. Humberto Lopez rose from humble roots and is the true definition of the American Dream. He provided for his family as a young boy after his father passed away, worked diligently in college at the University of Arizona, and became a CPA. In 1975, he founded HSL Properties, Inc. and Arizona’s tourism industry owes him its thanks for bringing excellence in hospitality and service to the outstanding hotels he manages. More importantly though, Humberto Lopez created the H.S. Lopez Family Foundation, which works to improve the quality of life for communities and families across southern Arizona through education, health, and welfare. Humberto Lopez’s work to provide for Arizona and those in need is a testament to the success of the American Dream and the character we need in our citizens. f 
CONGRATULATING TITUSVILLE AREA HOSPITAL (Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. THOMPSON of Pennsylvania. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to congratulate the Titusville Area Hospital on earning an achievement award from the Hospital & Healthsystem Association of Pennsylvania for its outstanding efforts to improve healthcare in the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. The hospital’s entry was titled: ‘‘Enhancing Emergency Care: Because Seconds Count in an Emergency,’’ and it was chosen as an Excellence in Care Award winner. Twelve award recipients were selected from 91 total submissions. It is a tremendous achievement for CEO Lee Clinton and everyone on the staff at the Titusville Area Hospital. The goal was to lower the overall wait time for patients seeking emergency care. The hospital began collecting data in November 2016. At that point the doortodoctor wait time was 46 minutes, and today the current average wait time is approximately 21 minutes. This is below the State and national averages. The progress that has been made during this time is remarkable. It translates to not only better patient experience, but better care. Mr. Speaker, I wholeheartedly congratulate CEO Lee Clinton and everyone at the Titusville Area Hospital on this outstanding achievement. The community is most proud of their efforts. 
PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 2851, STOP THE IMPORTATION AND TRAFFICKING OF SYNTHETIC ANALOGUES ACT OF 2017; PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5735, TRANSITIONAL HOUSING FOR RECOVERY IN VIABLE ENVIRONMENTS DEMONSTRATION PROGRAM ACT; AND PROVIDING FOR CONSIDERATION OF H.R. 5788, SECURING THE INTERNATIONAL MAIL AGAINST OPIOIDS ACT OF 2018 Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, by direction of the Committee on Rules, I call up House Resolution 934 and ask for its immediate consideration. The Clerk read the resolution, as follows: 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The gentleman from Colorado is recognized for 1 hour. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, for the purpose of debate only, I yield the customary 30 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. POLIS), pending which I yield myself such time as I may consume. During consideration of this resolution, all time yielded is for the purpose of debate only. 
Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of the rule and the underlying legislation. This rule provides for consideration of three bills intended to give our country more necessary tools to tackle the opioid crisis. The three bills this rule makes in order today were all reported favorably by their committees. H.R. 5735, the Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act, was the subject of a hearing by the Committee on Financial Services on April 17 and was reported favorably on May 22 with a bipartisan vote of 34 ‘‘yes’’ votes. H.R. 2851, the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act, was the subject of hearing by the Committee on the Judiciary in June of 2017, and was reported favorably in July of 2017 by a unanimous voice vote. The final bill made in order by this bill is H.R. 5788, the Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act, which was reported favorably in May with a unanimous voice vote. Together, these three bills provide the foundation of the House’s legislative response this week to the opioid crisis which is wrecking lives and communities across this country. Mr. Speaker, the eastern plains of Colorado has been my home for many decades. I often refer to the area as God’s country. It is full of goodhearted, hardworking people who care for their families and neighbors. Many of these people work the land and provide services to those who do. They farm, they ranch, they produce energy resources, they transport livestock. And when hardship and disaster strikes, neighbors move heaven and Earth to help each other. They grieve over loss and bear each other’s burdens. However, it is not an unfamiliar refrain to hear that in the heart of this God’s country is a disease plaguing our people. All across this land, in rural towns, suburban developments, and urban neighborhoods, abuse of opioids is wrecking people’s lives. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, approximately 64,000 Americans died of a drug overdose in 2016. Of that number, 65 percent, or 42,000 of those deaths, were directly related to the opioid epidemic. That means that every day 115 people die due to opioids. 
While those are astounding numbers, it helps to compare with past figures. In 2000, 8,400 people died due to opioid abuse. These recent numbers indicate a nearly 500 percent increase. That is shocking and sad. Colorado has not been spared from the opioid crisis. In fact, the CDC reports that in 2015 alone, Colorado saw 159 heroin overdose deaths in addition to the 259 prescription drug overdoses. This is particularly harmful to my district, with 8 of the 17 counties in Colorado exhibiting the highest overdose death rates being in eastern Colorado. As some of these figures indicate, our opioid crisis is not just prescription drug abuse. While many who are caught in the cycle of abuse began with prescriptions, the availability and accessibility of heroin has perpetuated and intensified the crisis. Most of the heroin on our Nation’s streets comes into the United States through Mexico. It is distributed via cities like Denver in a ruthlessly efficient manner. An entire delivery system is established in which orders can be placed through a central operator, essentially a franchisee of the cartels, who dispatches a delivery driver to the purchaser. b1230 In February of this year, Detective Nick Rogers of the Denver Police Department testified before the Judiciary Committee how criminal operations flow north through Mexico and from other places such as Honduras and Nicaragua. Heroin dealers enter our country illegally with fake identification from Mexico and establish these distribution networks in neighborhoods. In the past, our law enforcement officers were able to apprehend these criminals and have them deported. Recently, however, local government policies have been having a negative impact on these police operations. Places like Denver have instituted so called sanctuary policies that prohibit local law enforcement from working with Federal immigration authorities. The effect has been that law enforcement officers, such as Detective Rogers, apprehend the same drug dealers over and over and over again. They are prohibited from contacting Federal immigration officers to help control this scourge. This is confounding to many of us. We should be facing this crisis using every tool at our disposal. We could continue discussing at length how sanctuary policies—while wellintentioned and sounding humanitarian—are having a profoundly negative impact in relation to opioid abuse. But there is other work that needs to be done to stand in the gap against this onslaught of bad actors. Mr. Speaker, in 2016 Congress passed and the President signed into law the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA. CARA was the most comprehensive addiction treatment legislation passed by the Federal Government in several decades. It coordinated Federal response with State and local efforts to prevent, treat, help recover, and provide justice to those who are suffering under the impacts of opioid abuse. While that bill was a good step, the bills before us today continue to organize Federal efforts to meet this public health and legal crisis. The first two bills deal with a gap in Federal law that has been exposed by this crisis and exploited by international crime organizations. That gap is synthetic drugs. According to the Drug Enforcement Agency, there are more than 300 known designer synthetic drugs, and this number grows with each passing year. The gap in Federal law occurs because the Controlled Substances Act was not designed to deal with the ever changing compounds that have resulted in more than 300 synthetic drugs. It currently takes us about 3 years to complete the process of placing a substance on the banned substance list. If we attempted to ban each drug as it was discovered, in the time it would take for our government to complete its action, criminal gangs would simply change the molecular structure just enough to avoid our laws, and we would be forced to start the process over again. Because of this scenario, H.R. 2851 sets up a streamlined process for temporarily placing a synthetic drug on the illegal list. This will empower the Attorney General to respond quickly to criminal drug manufacturers in China and Mexico who work continuously to stay ahead of our drug laws. Not only do we work to streamline the process of banning a substance in the United States, we also are working to prevent substances from reaching our shores in the first place. H.R. 5788 requires the Postal Service to obtain advance electronic data on international mail shipments and transmit this data to U.S. Customs and Border Protection, or CBP. Under current law, private shippers, including express delivery carriers, are required to collect and submit this same information to CBP. Because current law does not require this information of the United States Postal Service, we have a significant vulnerability that allows criminal operations to ship synthetics and other contraband directly to the United States with relative ease. This legislation simply closes a loophole by extending the requirement to the United States Postal Service. The data collected will allow CBP to target highrisk shipments, particularly shipments containing synthetics, for inspection and possible seizure. The first two bills deal with bad actors overseas. The final bill attempts to help those afflicted by opioid abuse transition back to normal life. H.R. 5735 creates a pilot program in which a portion of existing housing vouchers are set aside for transitional housing for those who are undergoing opioid use disorder or other substance abuse disorder recovery. In March of 2017, President Trump established a commission to strategize on how to combat drug addiction and opioid abuse. The final report of that commission said: ‘‘There is a critical shortage of recovery housing for Americans in or pursuing recovery. Recovery residences are alcohol and drug free living environments for individuals seeking the skills and social support to remain free of alcohol or other drugs and live a life of recovery in the community.’’ Mr. Speaker, oftentimes individuals who complete recovery programs reenter life having lost everything. They are in danger of falling right back into the rhythms of their previous life which could lead them back into addiction. This bill ensures that they have a supportive housing situation to help them become reestablished in their community. Over the course of the next week, we are going to pass nearly 30 bills dealing with aspects of the Federal response to the opioid crisis. These three bills today take major steps toward keeping the flow of drugs out of our country and helping those who are caught in the cycle of dependency become successful members of society again. I know I speak for my community when I say that we need to be active in combating the scourge of opioid abuse. The flow of opioids and synthetics into our country from overseas must end. The lives of many of our loved ones depend on it. Mr. Speaker, I support passage of these bills, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume, and I thank the gentleman for yielding the customary 30 minutes. Mr. Speaker, I rise in opposition to the rule that provides for consideration of H.R. 2851, H.R. 5735, and H.R. 5788. We could have done so much better. I am going to get into some of the great ideas that we talked about and amendments were submitted but didn’t make it through. This week is supposed to be about bringing bills to the floor that actually do something about the opioid crisis that is having devastating consequences on families and entire communities, including in my home State of Colorado. Legislation to address opioid abuse and save lives is long overdue. But I am sad to say that the bills that are being brought forth make, at the most, incremental changes and will not substantially affect the plague that is affecting our country of opioid addiction, abuse, and death. As you know, this is a crisis that cuts across State lines. It affects every congressional district in our country. I certainly know people directly affected in my constituents. I am sure every Member of Congress does. In Colorado the rate of drug overdoses since 2000 has more than doubled. This is not a partisan issue, and I 
wish we could come together around a more significant response that actually did something to combat opioid abuse. If Republicans were serious about dealing with opioids, they would drop their assault on Medicaid. Medicaid is a critical service to help individuals battling opioid addiction, including supporting inpatient treatment centers and case managers to help get people the help they need. Frankly, we should have a discussion about how to achieve universal healthcare. There are people today who are unable to get coverage or support to recover from the substance abuse that holds them hostage. While Medicaid and the Affordable Care Act have dramatically improved and expanded access to health coverage, including drug treatment, there are too many Americans today—in fact, over millions—who do not have health insurance. There is no single solution to the opioid crisis. Instead, policymakers should use a multipronged approach, universal healthcare, substance abuse, and mental health treatment being one. Another prong is identifying alternative treatments, instead of highly addictive opioid compounds for pain management. That is one of the things that I am so disappointed is not being advanced to the floor. Many States have medical marijuana available to patients with a variety of health issues, including chronic pain. Doctors across the country have prescribed medical marijuana as a legitimate treatment option for pain management. In cases where it works, it provides a less harmful alternative, a less harmful and less addictive alternative to opioids. Opioids have a role in pain management. But if a firstline therapy like medical marijuana, acupuncture, or acupressure can work, you can prevent people from developing a dependency, because almost threequarters of opioid abuse starts with prescription drug treatment for pain management. In some cases, those firstline treatments like medical marijuana, acupuncture, and acupressure won’t work, and prescriptions to opioids have their role. But let’s at least prevent some people from having to go on prescription opioids when a less harmful, less addictive, and less damaging therapy can work effectively for their pain management. I have heard from so many Coloradans for whom medical marijuana works instead of having to resort to opioids. Unfortunately, medical marijuana is still illegal at the Federal level. There are limited research opportunities about the safety and efficacy of marijuana, and that is holding us back from really understanding how medical marijuana can be used for pain management. I offered a very simple and commonsense amendment at the Rules Committee last night that authorizes the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to study medical marijuana as an alternative treatment option to prescription opioids, just very simply. According to the Department of Veterans Affairs, the VA alone has treated about 70,000 veterans for opioid addiction last year alone, but my amendment was, unfortunately, blocked from getting a vote. The issue is personal for me, Mr. Speaker. I was able to present a Purple Heart to a veteran who lives in my district in Colorado, a young man who put his life on the line for our country. He told me that he uses medical marijuana for his pain issues and has successfully been able to take himself off of the opioids that the VA had prescribed for those pain issues. I also offered an amendment with Representatives POCAN and G OSAR last night that, unfortunately, was not even allowed to be debated here on the floor that would prevent a natural botanic substance like kratom from being scheduled under the new scheduling authority created by SITSA. Unfortunately, it was blocked. Kratom, which is a cousin of the coffee plant, is used by many as an alternative to addictive opioids and a way of escaping addiction. I have heard from so many constituents for whom legal access to kratom is critical to their sobriety and their battle against opioid addiction. We can very simply ensure that that legal access could be retained had this amendment been allowed. If it is cut off, as the FDA and others have been threatening, there is no doubt in my mind, nor should there be any doubt in anybody’s mind, that people will resort back to deadly opioids, rather than managing through harm reduction using other compounds that are less dangerous and less deadly, be it medical marijuana or kratom. We are debating these bills today because we know we need to take action to address the opioid epidemic that we all have felt the human face of in our communities. But instead of trying to ban substances and put more Big Government bans on top of things that people are using to recover from opioids, we should be exploring and embracing alternative treatment options to opioids. Simply put, we need to improve access to alternative pain relief options beyond opioids like kratom and like medical marijuana, because 75 percent of opioid abuse starts with prescription drugs usually for pain management. We need to embrace that part of the solution. Increase freedom. Let Americans choose less harmful compounds that work for pain management and free people up to never become the victim of a terrible cycle of opioid addiction. Unfortunately, both of those amendments were blocked. H.R. 2851, the Stop the Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act, is a bill that would create a new schedule of drugs under the Controlled Substances Act giving even more authority to the Department of Justice to wage a failed drug war and determine which substances are illegal, sidestepping the current process for scheduling drugs, sidestepping Congress, and often sidestepping common sense. When you put Government bureaucrats in charge, they only take more power every time. This bill creates lengthy sentencing and penalties, indulging in the over criminalization. It could harm hundreds of thousands of people battling opioid abuse by relying on incarceration and penalization, rather than treatment and helping people recover from opioid abuse. This is a public health issue. It is not that there is not a criminal dimension; there, of course, is for cartels and smugglers. But when it comes to your niece or nephew, Mr. Speaker, your cousin or your neighbor’s kid, we want to help them get better, recover their lives, and free themselves from the vicious cycle of opioid addiction. This bill does not do that. While it is wellintended, it has serious flaws that need to be addressed. If we want to have an impact on fighting epidemics, the answer is not to give even more authority to government bureaucrats in Washington. It is to empower the American people themselves to take control of our own destiny. The rule also provides for consideration of the THRIVE Act, that is H.R. 5735. It is a different topic, but it is related. It is designed to create housing opportunities for people suffering from substance abuse disorders. b1245 The problem with this bill is it sets arbitrary time limits on those who seek stable housing while receiving treatment for substance use disorders, and it doesn’t actually increase the supply of affordable housing. When we are dealing with homelessness and transitory housing, we need to take meaningful action to actually increase the supply of beds for people who are in recovery. We have to walk the walk. Without funding for beds and for treatment, we are just talking around the edges and we are not really solving this problem. The final bill under this rule is H.R. 5788, the Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act, which is another bill that creates more paperwork for the Postal Service. Frankly, it just adds, again, another level of bureaucracy. I am pretty sure, Mr. Speaker, that people smuggling opioids into this country don’t put opioids on the Customs form. They don’t say: ‘‘We are illegally bringing opioids into the country.’’ Yes, we need to do more against smuggling, but creating more forms to fill out by government bureaucrats is not the answer. This bill is being considered under a closed rule. This is the 86th closed rule of this Congress. What that means, Mr. Speaker, is that not a single Member, Democrat or Republican, was able to 
offer an amendment to this bill, the Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act. There were good ideas from both sides that aren’t even allowed to be advanced. The Republicans continue to bring bills to floor this way that limit the opportunity for Republicans and Democrats to actually do something to stop opioid abuse. It is frustrating. As a legislator who has a lot of ideas about what we can do to actually save lives, increase freedom, and reduce opioid abuse, which would pass—I think a lot of my ideas would get 300, 350 votes here in the House—we are not even allowed to bring them forward. It is just so frustrating when we all know the human face of people who are suffering from being caught in the vicious cycle of opioid addiction. We have seen it affect so many families, including so many of our friends and even family. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Florida (Mr. ROSS), my friend and the vice chairman of the Subcommittee on Housing and Insurance. Mr. ROSS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this rule and the underlying legislation, H.R. 5735, the THRIVE Act, which would implement an innovative new approach to millions of men and women recovering from substance abuse by creating a demonstration program that provides transitional housing assistance using Section 8 housing choice vouchers. Mr. Speaker, substance abuse is one of the most ubiquitous illnesses that faces our society today. Each and every one of us, in one way or another, has been affected by the destructive force of addiction. We have heard stories and witnessed firsthand the pain and anguish substance abuse causes our loved ones and our communities. I am proud of the work the people’s House is doing to address the nationwide epidemic of opioid abuse, and I am grateful to Congressman BARR for his contribution to this important mission. While many of the bills we are considering this week are geared toward the specific issue of opioid abuse, it is important to note that H.R. 5735 would establish a demonstration program to serve individuals afflicted by all types and forms of drug and alcohol abuse. The demonstration program will provide participants with a drug and alcoholfree supportive and structured living environment. This allows recipients to address their addiction, mental health, homelessness, or other issues in a compassionate living space that includes vital services like recovery classes, life skills education classes, mandatory savings plans, and fulltime or parttime employment programs. This legislation recognizes that safe, clean, and stable housing is a necessary asset for those seeking a future free of substance abuse. At the same time, this bill reserves vouchers for low and extremely lowincome individuals who have demonstrated a willingness to make this difficult choice to get better. With these safeguards, we ensure that taxpayer dollars are only going to individuals who are willing to seek help and who have taken the first steps down the path to recovery. Substance abuse is a deeply personal struggle. There is no government program and no amount of money that can rescue someone who doesn’t want to be saved. While we cannot force people to turn away from the harmful and destruction siren song of opioids and other substances, we can help the people who are endeavoring to do so. By aiding these courageous men, women, and families, I also believe we can send a message to those still shackled in the dark by their addiction. There is a pathway back, and if you are willing to commit to it, our communities and this entire Nation will support you. That is the message we are sending with this legislation and many of the other important bills being considered this week. I hope that my colleagues from both sides of the aisle will vote in favor of the rule and the underlying legislation to provide our citizens struggling with substance abuse a new tool for breaking free. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, our Nation is in the midst of a devastating opioid crisis that is spiraling out of control. According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, opioids are responsible for 6 out of 10 overdose deaths in the country. More than 115 Americans die each day from opioid overdose. The house is on fire; yet, with these bills today, unfortunately, the Republicans are not addressing this problem in a meaningful way. The American people need strong action from Congress to stem the tide of the opioid scourge and save lives. Mr. Speaker, if we defeat the previous question, I will offer an amendment to the rule to bring up Representative LUJA´N’s legislation, H.R. 3495, the Opioid and Heroin Abuse Crisis Investment Act, which would make a difference by extending badly needed funding to combat the growing public health crisis of opioidrelated addiction and deaths. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent to insert the text of my amendment in the RECORD , along with extraneous material, immediately prior to the vote on the previous question. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. POE of Texas). Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Colorado? There was no objection. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the distinguished gentleman from New Mexico (Mr. BENRAY LUJA´N) to discuss our proposal. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, every community in America has suffered from the opioid epidemic. These are our moms and dads, our brothers and sisters, our sons and daughters. All across America, families are suffering. This is not a new problem. Earlier this year, The New York Times wrote about how one of the most distressing truths of America’s opioid epidemic is that it has been with us for 150 years. For more than a century, this crisis has been breaking communities. This certainly isn’t a new problem in New Mexico. Since 2000, New Mexico has had one of the highest rates of drug overdose deaths in the United States. This cycle must be broken because, if there is no action, America is doomed to see these tragedies repeat for another 150 years. This week, we are working on passing a package of bipartisan bills to address this crisis, and that is good. However, if you listen to our friends on the other side of the aisle, you might think that congressional Republicans think this problem has been solved. We need to do more and be more aggressive. As The New York Times wrote, serious legislation needs to be considered, such as proposals modeled on the Ryan White CARE Act that would appropriate $100 billion over 10 years for research, treatment, and support. One of the packages we have today is a bipartisan approach around the Ryan White CARE Act. The funding is not sufficient. We can do more. Last year in Congress, we came together in a bipartisan fashion to provide a billion dollars to States to address the opioid crisis in the 21st Century Cures Act. We all knew that the billion dollars included in Cures would only be a first step. That is what people said. I am going to say today what I said last Congress when we were debating these bills: While the House is taking a step toward addressing the opioid epidemic, this is a missed opportunity. There are good policies in this package of bills, but I am deeply disappointed in the lack of investment on such an urgent crisis facing America. Congress can and must do more. On behalf of 129 people who will die today from a drug overdose, Congress must do more to address this crisis in a deeply meaningful way. And to do that, real investment must be made, large dollar investments that save lives across America. My bill extends the bipartisan block grant funding passed in Cures for an additional 5 years. These grants would continue to support States in their efforts to enhance access to treatment, bolster substance abuse prevention programs, and expand evidencebased initiatives that will help address this deadly epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I include in the R ECORD  an editorial written by The New York Times, titled, ‘‘An Opioid Crisis Foretold,’’ from April 21, 2018. 
[From the New York Times, Apr. 21, 2018] ANOPIOID CRISIS FORETOLD  (By The Editorial Board) One of the more distressing truths of America’s opioid epidemic, which now kills tens of thousands of people every year, is that it isn’t the first such crisis. Across the 19th and 20th centuries, the United States, China and other countries saw drug abuse surge as opium and morphine were used widely as recreational drugs and medicine. In the West, doctors administered morphine liberally to their patients, while families used laudanum, an opium tincture, as a cure all, including for pacifying colicky children. In China, many millions of people were hooked on smoking opium. In the mid1800s, the British went into battle twice—bombing forts and killing thousands of civilians and soldiers alike—to keep the Chinese market open to drug imports in what would become known as the Opium Wars. That history has either been forgotten or willfully ignored by many in the medical and political establishments. Today’s opioid crisis is already the deadliest drug epidemic in American history. Opioid overdoses killed more than 45,000 people in the 12 months that ended in September, according to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention. The epidemic is now responsible for nearly as many American deaths per year as AIDS was at the peak of that crisis. Experts say that the death toll from opioids could climb for years to come. Millions of people are dependent on or addicted to these drugs, and many of them are increasingly turning to more potent, illicit supplies of heroin and fentanyl, which are cheap and readily available on the street and online. Yet only about 10 percent of Americans who suffer from substance abuse receive specialized addiction treatment, according to a report by the surgeon general. 
WE HAVE SEEN THIS BEFORE  As many as 313,000 people were addicted to injected morphine and smoked opium in the United States in the late 19th century, according to David Courtwright, a history professor at the University of North Florida who has written extensively about drugs. Another scholar, R. K. Newman, estimated that as many as 16.2 million Chinese were dependent on opium and smoked the drug daily. In the United States today, about 2.6 million people suffer from opioid use disorder. But some experts say that data, which is based on a government survey, underestimates the number of pain patients who are addicted to their prescription pills because of how surveyors ask people about drug use; the actual number might exceed five million. In the 19th century, like today, the medical community was largely responsible for the epidemic. Doctors did not fully appreciate the risks these drugs posed. In the 1800s, many doctors viewed morphine as a wonder drug for pain, diarrhea, nerves and alcoholism. In addition to getting homemakers, Civil War veterans and others addicted, many doctors became addicts themselves. The drug was overused in large part because there were few alternatives; aspirin, for example, didn’t become available until the late 1890s. In his 2001 book, ‘‘Dark Paradise: A History of Opiate Addiction in America,’’ Mr. Courtwright notes that the use of morphine began declining as younger doctors who had been better trained started practicing medicine and as nonaddictive pain treatments became available. He also notes that many local governments across the country set up clinics that sought to help addicts—a forerunner of contemporary methadone clinics— but a hostile federal government forced virtually all of them to shut down by 1923. It did so under the misguided idea that it was wrong to keep supplying drugs to people who had become dependent on them—a view that is, regrettably, still widespread today. Today’s opioid crisis has its roots in the 1990s, when prescriptions for painkillers like OxyContin and Vicodin started to become common. Companies like Purdue Pharma, which makes OxyContin, aggressively peddled the idea that these drugs were not addictive with the help of dubious or misinterpreted research. One short 1980 letter to The New England Journal of Medicine by Dr. Hershel Jick and Jane Porter said the risk of addiction was less than one percent, based on an analysis of nearly 12,000 hospital patients who were given opioid painkillers. That letter was widely—and incorrectly—cited as evidence that opioids were safe. Federal regulators, doctors and others were swayed by pharmaceutical companies that argued for greater use of opioids; there was increasing awareness that doctors had become too unresponsive to patients who were in pain. Patient advocates and pain specialists demanded that the medical establishment recognize pain as the ‘‘fifth vital sign.’’ Mr. Courtwright says that this was not a simple case of historical amnesia. In the earlier epidemic, doctors ‘‘made mistakes, but it was a bad situation to begin with,’’ he said. ‘‘There was no equivalent of Purdue Pharma flying you off to the Bahamas for the weekend to tell you about the wonders of these new drugs.’’ WHAT SHOULD WE DO NOW ? The AIDS crisis might provide public officials some lessons for how to move forward. Like with opioids, the federal government responded to that epidemic by doing next to nothing for many years. But an organized movement led in part by people with H.I.V. and gay activists eventually forced Congress to create and fund new programs. For example, in 1990 Congress approved the Ryan White Care Act, a bipartisan bill that poured billions of dollars into providing treatment and support to people with H.I.V. By 1995, the federal government was spending $3.3 billion a year (about $5.4 billion today after adjusting for inflation) on AIDS efforts, not including billions spent through mandatory programs like Medicaid and Medicare, according to the Kaiser Family Foundation. That was up from just $116 million in 1985. Though slow to act, Congress eventually treated AIDS as a complex, multidimensional problem and tackled it by funding prevention, treatment, support services and research. Lawmakers provided money to make expensive antiretroviral drugs accessible to more people and allocated money to help house people infected with H.I.V., recognizing that they needed more than just access to drugs. Lawmakers so far have fallen far short of such a vigorous effort when it comes to opioid addiction. Congress has taken what can be considered only baby steps by appropriating a total of a few billion dollars of discretionary opioid funding in recent years. This funding amounts to a pittance relative to what is needed: substantial longterm funding for prevention, addiction treatment, social services and research. Andrew Kolodny, codirector of opioid policy research at Brandeis University, says at least $6 billion a year is needed for 10 years to set up a nationwide network of clinics and doctors to provide treatment with medicines like buprenorphine and methadone. Those drugs have a proven track record at reducing overdoses and giving people struggling with addiction a shot at a stable life. Today, large parts of the country have few or no clinics that offer medicationassisted treatment, according to an analysis by amfAR, a foundation that funds AIDS research. Next, lawmakers need to remove regulations restricting access to buprenorphine, an opioid that can be used to get people off stronger drugs like heroin; its use is unlikely to end in an overdose. Doctors who want to prescribe the drug have to go through eight hours of training, and the government limits the number of patients they can treat. These limits have made the drug harder to obtain and created a situation in which it is easier to get the kinds of opioids that caused this crisis than to get medicine that can help addicts. France reduced heroin overdoses by nearly 80 percent by making buprenorphine easily available starting in 1995. Yet many American lawmakers and government officials have resisted removing restrictions on buprenorphine, arguing it replaces one addiction with another. Some of the same people have also stood in the way of wider availability of naloxone, which can help reverse overdoses, and opposed harmreduction approaches like supervised drug consumption sites, where users can get clean needles and use drugs under the watch of staff who are trained to reverse overdoses. To stem the number of new opioid users, lawmakers and regulators need to stop pharmaceutical companies from marketing drugs like OxyContin and establish stronger guidelines about how and when doctors can prescribe them. These drugs are often the last resort for people with cancer and other terminal conditions who experience excruciating pain. But they pose a great risk when used to treat the kinds of pain for which there are numerous nonaddictive therapies available. Doctors have been writing fewer opioid prescriptions in recent years, but even the new level is too high. Some lawmakers have begun to take this epidemic seriously. Senator Elizabeth Warren and Representative Elijah Cummings, both Democrats, recently proposed legislation modeled on the Ryan White Act that would appropriate $100 billion over 10 years for research, treatment and support. While that might seem like a lot, President Trump’s Council of Economic Advisers said in November that the epidemic cost the economy $504 billion in 2015 alone. Leaders in both parties are responsible for this crisis. Presidents George W. Bush and Barack Obama and members of Congress did too little to stop it in its earlier stages. While Mr. Trump talks a lot about the problem, he seems to have few good ideas for what to do about it. As we’ve learned the hard way, without stronger leadership, the opioid epidemic will continue to wreak havoc across the country. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield the gentleman an additional 30 seconds. Mr. BEN RAY LUJA´N of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on ordering the previous question so we can take a meaningful step toward defeating this crisis. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. BARR), the chairman of the Subcommittee on Monetary Policy and Trade. Mr. BARR. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of House Resolution 934, the combined rule for my legislation, H.R. 5735, the Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments, or THRIVE, Act. 
I want to thank Chairman H ENSARLING , Chairman D UFFY , and my colleagues on the House Financial Services Committee for their support and feedback on this legislation, as well as Chairman SESSIONS and Ranking Member MCGOVERN on the House Committee on Rules for their consideration of my manager’s amendment to make improvements to this bill. This week the House is considering several important pieces of legislation to address the opioid epidemic that takes the lives of 116 Americans every day. My home State of Kentucky has the third highest overdose mortality rate in the country. In order to achieve meaningful progress in the fight against opioid addiction in our Nation, Congress can no longer simply focus on prevention, enforcement, and treatment. We must also begin to implement policies that focus on longterm recovery. Our Federal housing programs are an underutilized resource in these efforts. The THRIVE Act would make supportive housing more accessible to those in need by allocating a limited number of Section 8 housing choice vouchers to nonprofits that provide housing, workforce development, job placement, financial literacy, and continued addiction recovery support for individuals who are transitioning out of rehab and back into the workforce. Rather than allocating the vouchers through public housing authorities, this demonstration would give vouchers directly to housing nonprofits that meet evidencebased metrics of success on a competitive basis. The vouchers would also be distributed with a focus on regions of the country with the highest rates of opioidrelated deaths. This legislation would only allocate either 10,000 or 0.5 percent of total housing vouchers, whichever is less, to people who are literally dying every day of opioid addiction and other substance abuse disorders. The demonstration is limited to 5 years. No one would have a voucher taken away from them to create this demonstration program. This is an important point that I would like to emphasize to my friend from Colorado, who is concerned that there might be a cannibalizing effect of existing vouchers. An estimated 198,000 Section 8 vouchers are turned over each year and returned to HUD. It is from this amount that the demonstration would set aside only 10,000 to address a deadly national public health crisis. The goal of this demonstration is not to take away vouchers from those who need them but, rather, to open up other housing options to people coming out of rehab who would otherwise be forced to use Section 8 vouchers to live in a housing situation where they would be surrounded by individuals who are still in active addiction. If our goal is to help people coming out of rehab or medicationassisted treatment to stay off of opioids and gain job skills and find employment, our government programs should give people the option to live in transitional housing with housing choice vouchers. Additionally, and I would also invite my friend from Colorado to consider this: I have made a commitment to working with my Democratic colleagues in requesting additional funds from the Appropriations Committee for the purpose of supporting this demonstration. I would invite my friend from Colorado to sign this letter requesting those additional funds, perhaps to earn his support and the support of the ranking member. I would like to thank my Democratic colleague, Ms. SINEMA , as well as the Department of Housing and Urban Development for their suggested changes that have been incorporated in the manager’s amendment I offer today. I also thank Mr. ROHRABACHER for his amendment that further ensures eligible entities have been effectively vetted to support recovery in local communities. This legislation has received endorsements from over 140 housing, addiction support, and recovery organizations across the country, including Addiction Policy Forum, American Academy of Addiction Psychiatry, National Association of Social Workers, Faces and Voices of Recovery, and over 100 others on the front lines of addiction recovery. Secretary Carson from HUD also visited my district in Kentucky earlier this year and witnessed firsthand the success of nonprofits in helping individuals rise above addiction. I urge support for this rule so we can continue to work together in a bipartisan manner to improve housing options for individuals recovering from opioid addiction and other substance abuse disorders. It is time for us to allow for innovation, allow for us to focus on what happens after treatment, and allow people to access transitional housing addiction recovery services that focus on work, selfesteem, financial literacy, and stable housing in order to ultimately move into a life of permanent recovery, hope, and nonsubsidized housing scenarios. b1300 Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3
1⁄2 minutes to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. DOGGETT ), the distinguished ranking member of the Ways and Means Subcommittee on Tax Policy. Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, yes, America does have a wildfire when it comes to the opioid crisis; and what we are getting this week and next, instead of experienced, professional firefighters with a plan to put out that wildfire, we are being offered a collection of garden hoses. It won’t get the job done. If words, if speeches, if the President’s tweets could resolve this problem, we could be here today celebrating a victory. Instead, we have a piecemeal program around the edges of the crisis. You only have to look at the President’s tweets and his nearmeaningless declaration of a healthcare emergency, and how he is handling the problem, to know how serious these Republicans are about it. I think the President views this as just another one in the series of political reality television shows that he is producing daily. Because instead of turning to a physician, a firefighter, a scientist, a drug policy expert, he has turned over the leadership of his entire opioid crisis effort to a political consultant and doubletalk expert, Kellyanne Conway. We haven’t seen much other than talk over there, and with these 30 bills that are being considered today making modest changes around the edges of the problem, we are not going to advance very far. Of course, there is a reason for this in this Congress. We can only consider legislation that a majority of the Republicans say we can consider, and they applied a test to get these 30 bills to exclude other ones. The test was twofold: If it cost much of anything, the bill couldn’t be considered here. Second, if Big Pharma opposed it, it certainly couldn’t be considered here. So, like Trump, the Republican Congress offers more words, a few bills that may help a few people, but does not address the central issue in the crisis. What we need are substantial additional resources for treatment. Instead of going in that direction, the Republicans turned aboutface, and they are trying to drag us backward so we will have even fewer treatment options than today. The President’s latest assault on all Americans who have a preexisting condition, to deny them access to healthcare, and his assault to cut billions out of Medicaid, will deny the very places that so many people can now turn to for opioid treatment. So they won’t add resources, they won’t permit us to add resources, and they want to take away the resources that exist today. Of course, much of the treatment that is out there is necessary because of the wrongs committed by pharmaceutical manufacturers in promoting these opioids in the first place. Here again, the test is not approved for bringing legislation on the floor because Big Pharma opposes it. I believe we should be following the lead of 41 State attorneys general across America who are saying: Let’s look at what Big Pharma did to cause this problem. Why make the taxpayer pay for everything when Big Pharma played such a role? We ought to have accountability for those who helped to create the opioid crisis, yet the Federal Government— though, again, Trump talked about it, but he didn’t do anything. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 1
Mr. DOGGETT. Mr. Speaker, after talking about it, the Justice Department and the Trump administration have done nothing. In one single year, Medicaid paid out $9.3 billion associated with this opioid crisis, billions and billions of dollars. Yet, when I tried in the Ways and Means Committee to get involved in terms of getting back the money Medicare has paid out, other billions of dollars, it was rejected on a partyline vote. At the very time that we are being told our police and first responders across America and, indeed, individual citizens should be carrying naloxone, a drug that can reverse the effects of overdoses and prevent a death, we have seen an incredible spike from Big Pharma in the cost of that. I see headlines. How does a $575 lifesaving drug jump to $4,500? Because these pharmaceutical manufacturers think they can hijack America and, particularly, our law enforcement sources. We need more than a photoop version of these measures. If every one of the bills being considered, all 30 of them, are approved, few of those who really need treatment are going to get it as a result of this, and none of those responsible for this crisis will be held accountable. This crisis is a true hurricane. It is being treated like a dust devil. Approve these modest proposals that do no harm, but then let’s move forward with a Congress that really wants to solve the problem. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I have no further witnesses. I reserve the balance of my time to close. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield 4 minutes to the gentleman from Maryland (Mr. CUMMINGS ), the distinguished ranking member of the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. Mr. CUMMINGS. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding me this time. Mr. Speaker, I oppose this rule. This week the House is considering dozens of bills to combat the opioid epidemic. These are small bipartisan bills that we all support, but they are simply not enough. Our country is in the midst of the greatest public health emergency in decades. We have all heard the grim statistics, so I won’t repeat them, yet none of the bills that we are considering this week provide the dedicated and sustained resources we need to combat this crisis. President Trump’s own Council of Economic Advisers found that the opioid crisis likely cost our Nation more than $500 billion in just 1 year. We cannot just nibble around the edges. We cannot just rearrange the deck chairs on the Titanic. We must treat the opioid epidemic like the true public health emergency that it is. I offered an amendment that could have changed this, but the House is not being allowed to consider it. Earlier this year, I introduced the CARE Act, with Senator ELIZABETH WARREN , modeled directly on the highly successful Ryan White Act, which the Congress passed with bipartisan support in 1990 to address the AIDS crisis. My amendment would invest in comprehensive, evidencebased treatment for opioid and substance use disorders by authorizing up to $100 billion over 10 years to help States, localities, nonprofits, the CDC, the NIH, and other public health entities working on the front lines of this epidemic to save so many lives. The CARE Act has been endorsed by more than 30 organizations, including provider groups, local government associations, and public health organizations. My Republican colleagues blocked it from being considered. They argue that we do not have the money to pay for it. My amendment would have been fully paid for by rolling back just a fraction of the tax giveaways that my Republican colleagues and President Trump handed out to drug companies and other wealthy corporations. Mr. Speaker, do you know what the drug companies did with their massive tax cuts? They pocketed the money. Then they announced that they would spend tens of billions of dollars buying back their own stock to benefit their shareholders. So far, they have announced stock buybacks totaling $50 billion, and Pfizer and AbbVie, both companies that sell and market opioids, each announced buybacks of $10 billion. Do we really believe it is more important to give drug companies tens of billions of dollars in tax breaks than it is to address the most deadly health crisis in three decades? Is that really where our priorities lie? I say we are better than that. This crisis does not discriminate based on politics. People are dying in red States, blue States, and purple States. Our priorities should be saving the lives of our fellow Americans. They are counting on us to lead. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The time of the gentleman has expired. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield an additional 30 seconds to the gentleman from Maryland. Mr. CUMMINGS. Finally, I could not leave this podium without noting the staggering hypocrisy of those who claim that they want to help Americans struggling with substance use disorder while at the same time sabotaging the Affordable Care Act. Right now, the Trump administration is threatening the health coverage of millions of Americans with preexisting health conditions, which include substance use disorders. About 2.6 million people in my State of Maryland have preexisting conditions. We cannot go back to the bad old days when our family, friends, and neighbors were discriminated against because they got sick. Mr. Speaker, I urge Members to oppose this rule. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, here we are, a year and a half into this session of Congress, and finally the Republicans are bringing something to the floor around the opioid epidemic, but it is too little, too late. They prioritized, unfortunately, corporate tax giveaways over families that are struggling and communities which are affected by the path of destruction caused by opioid drug abuse. As we address opioid addiction, we need to remember that many communities were suffering from substance use disorders long before Congress began to wake up to this issue. Opioid abuse affects both rural and urban communities and has a human face and a tragedy in every congressional district. We should support efforts to address this through treatment instead of incarceration or punishment, through alternatives instead of giving Washington, D.C., bureaucrats more power. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote ‘‘no’’ on the previous question and ‘‘no’’ on the rule, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BUCK. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, tens of thousands of Americans are dying each year due to opioid abuse. What started as an epidemic of prescription drug abuse has led into a resurgence in heroin addiction and synthetic drug abuse. The easy availability of these drugs has led to widespread abuse and death. My home of eastern Colorado has been particularly hardhit by this affliction. In the most recent statistics available, more than 400 Coloradoans have died of opioid and synthetic overdose. This number is devastating enough on its own, but it does not include the many other lives that are wrecked and torn apart from this curse. We know many of the bad actors. We know China and Mexico, in particular, are deadly merchants in this sickening trade. Anything that we can do to block these goods from entering our country we should do. Our neighbors, our children, our loved ones deserve a fighting chance. These bills today form yet another defense against the opioid crisis in America. I want to thank Chairman SESSIONS , Chairman BRADY , Chairman H ENSARLING , and Chairman G OODLATTE for bringing these bills forward. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the rule, supporting the underlying bills, and standing in the gap in defense of our communities that are ravaged by this crisis. The material previously referred to by Mr. POLIS is as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gosar Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Poliquin Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NAYS—183 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Gottheimer Green, Gene Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Huffman Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Lamb Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lewis (GA) Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sinema Sires Smith (WA) 
Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth 
Babin Beatty Bilirakis Chu, Judy Crowley Ellison Espaillat Gomez Green, Al Grijalva Grothman Gutie´rrez Shuster Walz 
b1343 Mr. RICHMOND and Miss RICE of New York changed their vote from ‘‘yea’’ to ‘‘nay.’’ Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS changed her vote from ‘‘nay’’ to ‘‘yea.’’ So the previous question was ordered. The result of the vote was announced as above recorded. Stated for: Mr. BABIN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 261. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 261. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the resolution. The question was taken; and the Speaker pro tempore announced that the ayes appeared to have it. 
Mr. POLIS. Mr. Speaker, I demand a recorded vote. A recorded vote was ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—ayes 233, noes 175, not voting 19, as follows: 
Abraham Aderholt Allen Amash Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barton Bergman Biggs Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Bost Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Byrne Calvert Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Chabot Cheney Coffman Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Cook Costello (PA) Cramer Crawford Culberson Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis, Rodney Denham DeSantis DesJarlais DiazBalart Donovan Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Estes (KS) Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foxx Frelinghuysen Gaetz Gallagher Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gohmert Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (LA) Graves (MO) Griffith Grothman Guthrie Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Hill Holding Hollingsworth Hudson Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, Sam Jones Jordan Joyce (OH) Katko Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Latta Lesko Lewis (MN) LoBiondo Long Loudermilk Love Lucas Luetkemeyer MacArthur Marchant Marino Marshall Massie Mast McCarthy McCaul McClintock McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McSally Meadows Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Mullin Newhouse Noem Norman Nunes Olson Palazzo Palmer Paulsen Pearce Perry Pittenger Poe (TX) Posey Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (SC) Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer Royce (CA) Russell Rutherford Sanford Scalise Schneider Schweikert Scott, Austin Sensenbrenner Sessions Shimkus Simpson Sinema Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smucker Stefanik Stewart Stivers Taylor Tenney Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Trott Turner Upton Valadao Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin NOES—175 
Adams Aguilar Barraga´n Bass Bera Beyer Bishop (GA) Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Bustos Butterfield Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Cohen Connolly Cooper Correa Costa Courtney Crist Cuellar Cummings Davis (CA) Davis, Danny DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings DeSaulnier Deutch Dingell Doggett Doyle, Michael F. Engel Eshoo Esty (CT) Evans Foster Frankel (FL) Fudge Gabbard Gallego Garamendi Gonzalez (TX) Green, Gene Hanabusa Hastings Heck Higgins (NY) Himes Hoyer Jackson Lee Jeffries Johnson (GA) Johnson, E. B. Kaptur Keating Kelly (IL) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Levin Lieu, Ted Lipinski Loebsack Lofgren Lowenthal Lowey Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray Lynch Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Matsui McCollum McEachin McGovern McNerney Meeks Meng Moore Moulton Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Nolan Norcross O’Halleran O’Rourke Pallone Panetta Pascrell Payne Pelosi Perlmutter Peters Peterson Pingree Pocan Polis Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Rice (NY) Richmond Rosen RoybalAllard Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schiff Schrader Scott (VA) Scott, David Serrano Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Sires Smith (WA) Soto Speier Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Titus Tonko Torres Tsongas Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wasserman SchultzWaters, Maxine Watson Coleman Welch Wilson (FL) Yarmuth NOT VOTING—19 
Beatty Bilirakis Chu, Judy Crowley Ellison Espaillat Gomez Gosar Green, Al Grijalva Gutie´rrez Huffman Jayapal Lewis (GA) Poliquin Rohrabacher Schakowsky Shuster Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. POLIQUIN. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 262. Stated against: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘nay’’ on rollcall No. 262. 
Mr. AL GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, I missed the following votes: 1. Motion on Ordering the Previous Question on the Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 2851, H.R. 5735, and H.R. 5788. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this motion. 2. H. Res. 934, Rule providing for consideration of H.R. 2851, Stop Importation and Trafficking of Synthetic Analogues Act of 2017, H.R. 5735, Transitional Housing for Recovery in Viable Environments Demonstration Program Act, and H.R. 5788, Securing the International Mail Against Opioids Act of 2018. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘no’’ on this bill. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5294) to amend title 40, United States Code, to address the impact of drug abuse on economic development in Appalachia, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5294 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Treating Barriers to Prosperity Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) and the gentlewoman from the Virgin Islands (Ms. PLASKETT ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Pennsylvania. 
Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5294. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Pennsylvania? There was no objection. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, H.R. 5294, the Treating Barriers to Prosperity Act, positions the Appalachian Regional Commission, or ARC, to better serve communities across Appalachia that struggle with the ongoing opioid crisis. In 2015, there were 5,594 overdose deaths in Appalachia, a drugrelated death rate 65 percent higher than the national average. Sixtynine percent of those deaths were a result of opioid abuse. The majority of the lives lost were individuals between the ages of 25 and 44, people who were in their prime working years. In my home State of Pennsylvania, the statistics are striking. The Drug Enforcement Administration reported that more than 4,600 Pennsylvanians died in 2016 from drug overdoses, with thousands more affected by addiction. This is an increase of 37 percent from 2015, with opioids accounting for 85 percent of the overdoses. These troubling statistics make it clear that the opioid crisis is not only destroying lives, it has created a significant challenge to workforce and economic development throughout Appalachia. In distressed communities like many in Appalachia, economic development programs must adapt and become real partners in addressing this crisis. One approach is ensuring our economic development agencies have the clear authorities they need. H.R. 5294 clarifies that ARC funds may be used to facilitate best practices among the Appalachian States and support programs designed to reduce the harm of opioids to the workforce and economic growth. The bill also clarifies funds can be used specifically to attract and retain healthcare businesses and workers. This is critical, as it will focus on both job creation and, at the same time, provide much needed access to healthcare services for those struggling with addiction. Finally, the bill recognizes that in many areas of Appalachia, infrastructure, such as broadband, must be developed to support these businesses and innovations like telemedicine. I want to thank the gentlewoman from Nevada for cosponsoring this important legislation with me, along with the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ) for his leadership on this issue. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this bill and take an important step in combating a national epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5294, the Treating Barriers to Prosperity Act of 2018, introduced by subcommittee Chairman BARLETTA and subcommittee Ranking Member TITUS. The Appalachian Regional Commission, or ARC, as it is known, has made significant progress in addressing the persistent poverty and economic despair in Appalachia. However, the current opioid epidemic sweeping the Nation threatens ARC’s progress. The high rates of substance abuse and mortality in Appalachia compared to the rest of the United States is a serious impediment to sustained economic growth. Employers are seeking a healthy workforce when making decisions about where they will locate their businesses. High rates of substance abuse and mortality make it difficult for employers to find and hire qualified candidates. b1400 Appalachia continues to face significant disparities in its journey to catch up to the rest of the Nation with respect to educational attainment, employment, income, and health outcomes. Sadly, the scourge of opioid abuse in Appalachia makes the road only that much longer. The opioid mortality and overdose rates in Appalachia are shocking, with rates in West Virginia reaching three times the national rate. Moreover, drug abuse jeopardizes the region’s ability to retain and attract economic development with a highperforming workforce that is healthy and drug free. The cycle of despair only continues. Unfortunately, this tragic backdrop highlights the failed campaign promises of President Trump. President Trump campaigned about the scourge of opioids and how he would designate the opioid crisis as a national emergency and combat the problem. However, the President did not declare this epidemic an emergency under the Stafford Act and provided little to no new funding to combat this epidemic. Instead, the administration named White House adviser Kellyanne Conway, a former pollster with no public health background, as the administration’s point person on the opioid crisis. The opioid epidemic is a fullblown crisis that demands Congress’ attention. Because President Trump refuses to take substantive action, Congress must take the lead on this issue. The ARC, in its mission to promote economic development in the region, has always understood the grave threat of opioid addiction to the economic viability of the region. I am grateful and thankful that this bill provides funding specifically focused on impediments to job creation and economic development; ensures the States in Appalachia can effectively share best practices; and ties in clearer authority to attract healthbased businesses, workers, and technology to the region. While the ARC’s existing authority has provided ARC the ability to support certain efforts to combat the 
opioid crisis, clarifying and strengthening that role is critical to economic development in the region. We are grateful that the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure has been able to step in in this area of economic development and job creation, but we must do more throughout the country, not just with opioids but with other drug issues and the related scourge in this country. I applaud Ranking Member TITUS for taking the issue seriously and being an original cosponsor of this bill. This bill will address some of the impacts of drug abuse on economic development in the Appalachian region. I support this bill, and urge my colleagues to support this measure. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentleman from Kentucky (Mr. ROGERS ). Mr. ROGERS of Kentucky. Mr. Speaker, all of us are painfully aware of the devastating toll taken by opioid addiction and abuse in every corner of this great country. While this epidemic is truly national in its scope today, it actually began in the small communities in Appalachia over a decade ago. Our hills were flooded with painkillers, our hospitals flooded with patients, our churches flooded with helpless parents crying out for help. Our rural towns simply did not have the capacity to handle this monstrous problem. Today, given the unique challenges confronting Appalachia, the opioidrelated overdose rate is 65 percent higher than in the rest of the Nation. Let me repeat that. In Appalachia, the opioid related overdose rate is 65 percent higher than the rest of the country. But the people of Appalachia are resilient, and they are problem solvers. They have taken important strides to combat this problem holistically. Operation UNITE in my district, where it began, is a leading national example. UNITE, Unlawful Narcotics Investigations, Treatment and Education, is a threepronged, holistic approach to tackle this monster. I was really heartened and grateful when Chairman BARLETTA invited Operation UNITE’s CEO, Nancy Hale, to testify before his subcommittee about the unique challenges UNITE confronts in southern and eastern Kentucky, and the creative solutions they have employed to beat back against this scourge. Today, I remain grateful for his leadership in shepherding H.R. 5294 through the House floor. This bill will bolster the Appalachian Regional Commission’s role in combating the opioid epidemic. ARC has always been a valued partner in our fight, but this legislation clarifies that the commission can and should make targeted investments to reduce barriers to workforce development; attract and retain healthcare services, businesses, and workers; and develop relevant infrastructure, including broadband, which can be used for telemedicine treatment. These investments are critical for my district and the entire Appalachian region, and I urge other Members to support this bill. Let me thank, again, Chairman BARLETTA for his great leadership in this problem. He is a recognized expert, and he has proven he cares for the people that he represents and that the rest of us represent. Ms. PLASKETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. SMITH of Nebraska). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. BARLETTA ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5294. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
STOP ILLICIT DRUG IMPORTATION ACT OF 2018 Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5752) to amend the Federal Food, Drug, and Cosmetic Act with respect to the importation of certain drugs, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5752 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) and the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GENE GREEN ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentlewoman from Tennessee. 
Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous materials in the RECORD on this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentlewoman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I rise in support of this important piece of legislation. This bill will get FDA the tools the agency needs to intercept illicit substances coming through our country’s international mail facilities. Illicit and unapproved drugs entering the U.S. supply chain through these facilities pose serious public health threats. Hundreds of millions of parcels go through the IMF facilities each year, and it has been reported that the number of packages processed by the Nation’s nine IMFs nearly doubled from 2013 to 2015. These facilities now receive more than 275 million packages annually. Although the FDA has increased the number of investigators it has in the facilities, it is estimated that the FDA can only physically inspect less than 0.06 percent of the packages that might contain drugs or drug products. In conjunction with H.R. 5228, led by Representative PALLONE and passed by the House yesterday, this bill will give the FDA the flexibility and the tools the agency needs to effectively and efficiently seize illicit or unapproved drugs, and to prohibit bad actors from continuing to ship these deadly products into the country. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and to help stop the entrance of illegal opioids and other drugs that might harm Americans. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5752, the Stop Illicit Drug Importation Act of 2018. In 2016, 42,000 Americans died from opioidrelated overdoses alone, including more than 2,800 victims of opioid addiction in my home State of Texas. One of the contributing factors to the opioid epidemic is the illicit importation of opioid drugs. According to Commissioner Gottlieb: ‘‘FDA investigators are the last line of defense at the international mail facilities’’ when it comes to preventing illicit drugs from entering our country. Despite the fact that more than 2 million packages are received each day at our international mail facilities, FDA only has the capacity and resources to inspect 40,000 of these. More must be done to equip the FDA, both from the resource perspective but also with the law enforcement perspective. This is why I was also pleased to support the SCREEN Act, which was passed yesterday, and would authorize additional resources for FDA to take on this fight and grant FDA greater authority to destroy and recall drugs that pose harm to public health. The Stop Illicit Drug Importation Act of 2018 empowers the FDA to refuse admission and destroy imports identified as items of concern by the FDA and the Drug Enforcement Administration. The bill will also help streamline seizure procedures and debar individuals and companies that repeatedly violate Federal law from being able to import in the United States. This commonsense measure passed by the Energy and Commerce Committee by voice vote last month will help stem the tide of illegal and illicit products, including opioids, from entering our country from international mail facilities. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Oregon (Mr. WALDEN), the chairman of the Energy and Commerce Committee. Mr. WALDEN. Mr. Speaker, I say to my colleagues on the Energy and Commerce Committee on both sides of the aisle, thanks for your great work on this bill. My colleague, Congresswoman BLACKBURN from Tennessee, this is an issue she has worked on for a long time—we will just say a long time— with great passion and great diligence. We had the subcommittee chair of the Health Subcommittee, Dr. BURGESS, go up to the facility in New Jersey recently and observe firsthand what happens, what transpires there. My colleague, Mr. GREEN , and others have talked about the number of packages that go through the facility versus the number that are actually inspected. Then, I know we have all had pretty good conversations with Dr. Scott Gottlieb, the nowCommissioner of the Food and Drug Administration, and he has done marvelous work with the limited tools that he has to really ramp up their ability to try to stop these shipments of illegal fentanyl. For those here in the Chamber, you have to understand illegal fentanyl. If you took a salt shaker and put, I don’t know, half a dozen grains of salt on 
this podium and put your finger on it, it would likely go through your skin and you would pass out and die, unless my colleague from Texas or Tennessee here, or the House Physician, had some naloxone they could come and revive you. It is that potent; it is that dangerous; it is that deadly; and that is what is getting cut into heroin. By the way, you can always trust your local heroin dealer to get the right mixture. They are good chemists, I am sure. No, not. But that is what is getting cut in. That is what we are trying to stop with this legislation, this illegal fentanyl coming in through the mail system from foreign countries, mainly China, stop it from getting into our country. That is why I want to commend Mrs. BLACKBURN , Mr. G REEN , and others, everybody who was involved in this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I also take the floor because, over the course of this week and next week, we will deal with more than 57 different opioidrelated bills. We have heard from Republicans and Democrats. This is an epidemic that doesn’t check your party registration before it sickens or kills or addicts somebody in your family or your community. Throughout all this, we have had terrific support, not only from our Members, but also from our staff and on both sides of the aisle. There is somebody I want to single out today on our side of the aisle who, unfortunately, has decided to pursue other endeavors. Paul Edattel has served as the chief counsel for our Health Subcommittee since 2016 under thenChairman FREDUPTON . b1415 Prior to that, he served our Health Subcommittee on an abundance of healthcare issues, as well as being hired to be Speaker Boehner’s top health policy staffer. But timing has a funny way of getting in the way of things, and following Speaker Boehner’s decision to leave the Congress, we were able to persuade Paul Edattel to come back to the Energy and Commerce Committee. In fact, when I became chairman of the committee, I remember meeting in Speaker RYAN’s office when we were just getting started, and I was choosing the final staff and Speaker RYAN looked at me and said: I don’t care who else you keep or don’t keep, but that guy over there is the brightest guy around on health policy. I said: I agree, and we have already reached our agreement that he would continue on. His service has been our gain and that of the country’s. Paul has helped lead our push on the floor on these issues with his very talented team; and just as my colleagues and I have made this our top issue, so has Paul. At the same time, he has ensured other critical healthcare policy priorities continue to move through our processes. Paul is one of the best. He is also a machine. He has been guiding this committee on the Nation’s top healthcare issues for many years, including our comprehensive review of America’s mental health laws that we passed in, I think, a big bipartisan vote last Congress, helped engineer through the 21st Century Cures Act, our opioids act, and so many other pieces of legislation. Paul is also a wonderful family man, a great individual with tremendous integrity and insight, and we will miss his friendly smile and unmatched understanding of how this place works. We will even miss his unwavering support for the Buffalo Bills, if you are a Buffalo Bills fan. If you are not, you will be glad to see him go, probably. It has been an honor to work with Paul and call him a trusted adviser and, moreover, a friend. So, Paul, as you begin your new chapter in your new career, I join with all of our Energy and Commerce Committee members and staff, I think, on both sides of the aisle in wishing you the very best and thanking you for your service, Paul Edattel. Mr. GENE GREEN of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. I want to join our chairman in thanking our staff. We couldn’t be here today without our staff working on these. But this bill is so important. I have been on the docks of the Port of Houston and watched these containers come in off the ships and them being inspected. The FDA agents there are frustrated with it, even in our international mail facilities that are actually in our district in Texas. So that is why this bill is so important, and I am glad for my colleague from Tennessee to be sponsoring this bill. I have no other speakers, Mr. Speaker, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mrs. BLACKBURN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, you have heard the mention of bipartisan work and bipartisan support on these issues, and Chairman WALDEN is exactly right. Not only have Members worked in a bipartisan way, but also our staffs have to answer the questions: How do we help to get the resources to our local and our State officials? How do we help to remove barriers so we can end this epidemic in our country? Last year, 63,632 Americans lost their lives to drug abuse and drug overdose, and 1,600 of those were Tennesseans. We can all tell you these stories, and I tell you as a mom and as a friend, so many times when you talk to families and talk to people who have been so affected and so impacted by this, they talk about family members and coworkers and individuals that they are in contact with every single day and how we need to work on this issue with opioids, with fentanyl, with heroin, with cocaine, these illicit drugs that are flooding our streets, as well as the pills. Now, last October, during a hearing when Dr. Gottlieb was before us and we were conducting oversight with the FDA, one of the things that he mentioned was there were some changes that they needed to see in Federal law. The number one change they needed was permission to work some changes in Federal statute for how they would work in these international mail facilities. As we have said, there are hundreds of millions of packages. As Congressman GREEN said, they cannot get ahead of the work. So we have come together. The Stop Illicit Drug Importation Act is something that will be helpful to getting the job done and getting these drugs off the streets. Indeed, they will never get to the streets. They will never get to the streets because there will be the ability to stop them and dispose of these drugs before they ever get to the streets. Mr. Speaker, I encourage my colleagues to support this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Tennessee (Mrs. BLACKBURN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5752, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
CURBING REALISTIC EXPLOITATIVE ELECTRONIC PEDOPHILIC ROBOTS ACT OF 2017 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4655) to amend title 18, United States Code, to prohibit the importation or transportation of child sex dolls, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 4655 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Curbing Realistic Exploitative Electronic Pedophilic Robots Act of 2017’’ or as the ‘‘CREEPER Act of 2017’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and to include extraneous materials on H.R. 4655 currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, today we consider the Curbing Realistic Exploitative Electronic Pedophilic Robots Act of 2017. It criminalizes the importation and transportation of child sex dolls. I have mixed feelings today about bringing this bill to the floor. I am happy that this legislation is moving through, and we are taking steps to address a problem that very much needs to be addressed. I am distraught, however, that this problem even exists. I am saddened that there are people in this world who would create realistic child sex dolls and distraught that there are people in this world who would buy them. These dolls are being manufactured in China and Japan and being shipped all over the world. Consumers can order bespoke dolls providing pictures of specific children they would like the doll to resemble. They can indicate a preferred facial expression, such as sadness or fear. These dolls can be programmed to simulate rape. The very thought makes me nauseous. While a small group of people advocate for the use of these dolls to curb pedophilia, there is absolutely no scientific literature supporting this view. To the contrary, these dolls create a real risk of reinforcing pedophilic behavior, and they desensitize the user, causing him to engage in sicker and sicker behavior. They put our children in danger, and we must not tolerate them. In April of this year, Amazon announced it was removing anatomically correct child sex dolls from its website. I call upon all internetbased retailers and media platforms to do the same. Australia and the United Kingdom have already taken steps to criminalize the importation of child sex dolls and are actively prosecuting these cases. There is no reason that the United States should not follow suit. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank Mr. DONOVAN of New York for introducing this bill. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, sex toys with children is disgusting, and I believe it is something that one would want simply to say pass a bill to cease and desist. But I would like to discuss H.R. 4655, the Curbing Realistic Exploitative Electronic Pedophilic Robots Act of 2017, also known as the CREEPER Act of 2017. There is no doubt that we oppose what this bill is intending to do. The bill seeks to prohibit the importation and transportation of child sex dolls. There is no doubt that child sexual exploitation is a serious, grave problem in our country. It is a growing and everevolving problem that requires a multifaceted response, and one might argue that the creation of these dolls, besides being exploitation of our most precious resource, is just to make money. That is absolutely both disgraceful and absurd. Combating child sexual exploitation requires aggressive action by the Congress of the United States, and we must remain always vigilant to stamp out any new methods in technology developed and used by child predators to harm our children. Just yesterday, the Department of Justice announced that, in a coordinated effort spanning all 50 States during March, April, and May, 2,300 suspected child sex offenders were arrested. In my own hometown of Houston in 2016, 126 people were arrested as online predators as part of a coordinated effort to tackle the problem of child exploitation; and last year, 13 were arrested. We must protect our children everywhere from any and all bad actors who want to do them harm. I am concerned, however, that the majority has not given us sufficient time to properly consider this bill, its basis for making a correlation between the possession of obscene dolls and possession of child pornography, and its relation to child abuse. Those are important points, and I know that this bill has great intentions. We might have made it even greater. We also did not have the opportunity to assess whether this bill would implicate a reporting statute for sex offenders or to identify any other problems and perhaps an opportunity to offer ways to improve this bill to ensure we are, in fact, protecting all of our children. Mr. Speaker, I look forward, however, to hearing further in the discussion of this bill, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from New York (Mr. DONOVAN ), the chief sponsor of this legislation. Mr. DONOVAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for yielding to me. Before I came to Congress, I was an elected district attorney for 12 years in Staten Island, New York. Prior to that, I spent 8 years in the Manhattan DA’s office as a prosecutor. Very few things disturb me after all of those 20 years of prosecuting cases, but then it came to my attention about sex dolls being shipped from foreign lands to the United States for only one purpose: to be used as sex objects that simulate a young child. As the chairman spoke earlier, these dolls can be formed. They can be created. They can be designed to appear in any shape or form that the abuser wants them to be. They have realistic eyelashes, realistic hair, warming devices, and cleaning apparatuses. They are totally, as my good friend from Texas said, disgusting. b1430 They appear to be lifelike replicas of young children. A fully customized doll can cost up to $10,000. But the dolls that the chairman was referring to on Amazon were as low as $409 with free shipping. That is less than the cost of an iPhone. The good news is, as the chairman brought out, Amazon no longer sells these products. The bad news is the dolls are still available for sale on other websites. The dolls when they are shipped are purposely labeled as mannequins to disguise what their true purpose is. Science has shown that dolls normalize pedophilic behavior rather than discourage pedophiles from acting out on their urges or aggression. The bill is supported by the Stop Abuse Campaign, the Stop Child Predators, and the Foundation for Responsible Robotics. Over 166,000 signatures have been written on a petition by Change.org. This demonstrates that this bill is something that the American people want. In the first year of its ban, the United Kingdom found that 85 percent of the men who possessed these dolls also possessed child pornography. We are trying to get ahead of this problem. We are trying to protect children. I believe this legislation will protect countless children from pedophiles throughout our Nation. 
Mr. Speaker, I thank the chairman for his support, and I urge all of my colleagues in the House to pass H.R. 4655, the CREEPER Act. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume to close. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for his explanation of the CREEPER bill. As I stated, it is disgusting, but, more importantly, it harms our children. What we want to do in this Congress is to ensure that not only do we register our concern for the fairness of the criminal justice system, the criminal code, but that we provide the greatest protection we can ever provide for our children. So the idea of sex toys and the utilization of child sex toys is what I want to be clear, and the importation and transportation is a dastardly act. I hope as this bill makes its way through the Congress that we will be assured that it frames itself to go after those who are the most vile and vicious as it relates to the child sex toys and in keeping with the confines and the parameters of a just criminal code. Might I also just say that I just feel compelled, as the gentleman I know has worked on many issues, to remind this House that we have a crisis at the border. It is very important as we relate to children and children being taken away from families—mothers— that we also turn our attention to protecting those children. So with that point, I want to indicate my support for effective measures to protect our children. I thank the gentleman for his leadership. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, this truly is, as the gentlewoman from Texas said, a disgusting topic, but it is one that I think is very necessary to protect our children and to protect our society. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. I, again, thank the gentleman from New York for offering it. His experience as a prosecutor and his testimony to how horrific he finds it, even as a veteran prosecutor, should tell all the Members all they need to know about how important it is to pass this bill and start doing what the United Kingdom and Australia are already doing, and that is getting after the people who would import this kind of trash into the United States. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4655. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. REAUTHORIZING AND EXTENDING GRANTS FOR RECOVERY FROM OPIOID USE PROGRAMS ACT OF 2018 Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 6029) to amend the Omnibus Crime Control and Safe Streets Act of 1968 to reauthorize the comprehensive opioid abuse grant program, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 6029 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Reauthorizing and Extending Grants for Recovery from Opioid Use Programs Act of 2018’’ or the ‘‘REGROUP Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) and the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON  LEE) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous materials on H.R. 6029, currently under consideration. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, in July 2016, Congress enacted the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, otherwise known as CARA. The statistics then were shocking, and, unfortunately, they have not yet subsided. In 2016, more than 64,000 Americans died from drug overdoses, including illicit drugs and prescription opioids. This figure has nearly doubled in the past decade. Part of CARA created a comprehensive opioid abuse reduction program at the Department of Justice which directs Federal resources for drug abuse programs targeted at the opioid problem within our criminal justice system. By establishing this competitive grant program, CARA gives States and localities maximum flexibility to attack opioid abuse issues unique to their communities. States are now able to use the grant funds for a variety of important criminal justice programs, including alternatives to incarceration, treatment programs for incarcerated individuals, juvenile opioid abuse, investigation and enforcement of drug trafficking and distribution laws, and significant training for first responders in carrying and administering opioid overdose reversal drugs, like naloxone. States can enlist nonprofit organizations, including faith based organizations, in the fight against opioid abuse. In 2016, CARA authorized this new program at $103 million annually over 5 years. However, 3 months ago, Congress tripled that authorization to $330 million, including funds for drug courts, mental health courts, residential drug abuse treatment for State prisoners, and veterans’ treatment courts. Therefore, the bill before us results in no net increase in spending authorizations and no additional burden on the American taxpayer, which is a responsible, good government approach to this epidemic. This bill reauthorizes the CARA program through 2023, so we can make sure there is no lapse in our efforts against drug addiction. While Members of this body should be proud of our accomplishments, there is still much more work to do. I urge my colleagues to support this bill and thereby reassure all Americans that we are committed to fighting the opioid epidemic. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, this is, again, a topic that is impacting so many Americans. I recall the CARA Act that the Judiciary Committee passed out some 2 years ago, a miraculous piece of legislation because we did not criminalize, we sought to help those who have been badly addicted to drugs. I rise in support of H.R. 6029, the REGROUP Act. This bill increases the funding authorized for the Department of Justice’s Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program from $103 million per year to $330 million per year through the fiscal year 2023. The opioid crisis is a national emergency, and we should certainly expend the resources to prevent opioid abuse and treat those who have become addicted. We have found that the overcriminalization of these persons who are addicted has not served us well. They have generated a whole population of persons who have been labeled under the topic, but realistically it is impacting their lives: mass incarceration. In the United States, drug overdoses are the leading cause of accidental death, with opioids being involved in nearly twothirds of overdose deaths. Overall, the number of drug overdose deaths has nearly quadrupled over the past 20 years. Although effective for the treatment of pain, prescription opioids are highly addictive, and nearly half of all U.S. opioid overdose deaths involve a prescription opioid. 
Many Members understand that this became part of the wave of new treatment that medical school students and doctors were told and instructed, that a patient should not have to suffer pain. It had good intentions. But through that process of medical treatment became a population of extended addicted persons who began to use a prescription drug as a drug of use and recreation, and then those who were given it in the medical sense who were able to get it over and over again on the basis of pain became addicted. Overall, the number of drug overdose deaths has nearly quadrupled, as I said, and this has been thought of as an effective treatment for pain. Prescription opioids are highly addictive, and nearly half of all U.S. opioid overdose deaths involve a prescription opioid, as I have said. Deaths related to heroin have similarly increased as individuals often transition from more expensive prescription opioids to cheaper heroin which has had a rise in its use. In 2016, Congress adopted this program, as I indicated, the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or CARA, as we refer to it. The Judiciary Committee had a portion of that legislation. CARA was a wellintentioned initiative to enhance the efforts against opioids across the range of relevant executive branch agencies, involving the jurisdiction of several of our committees in the House. I was pleased that the Judiciary Committee’s contribution to this effort resulted in the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program which reflects an approach not strictly based on arresting and prosecuting. At the time, I noted with approval that we were not raising sentences or expanding mandatory minimums, but instead funding a range of approaches, including antiaddiction mechanisms such as treatment alternatives to incarceration, which fell under the Department of Justice. Such alternatives incentivized by this program include training for criminal justice agency personnel on substance abuse disorders, the implementation of mental health courts, drug courts, and veterans’ treatment courts, assisting parents whose incarceration could result in children entering the child welfare system, and communitybased substance abuse diversion programs. It is wellknown by Members that if you have one of these courts in your jurisdiction, they have been powerful. Mental health courts, drug courts, and veterans’ courts have steered a lot of people away from incarceration. They work well. The judges believe they are constructive, and we are doing more for people. In 2015, we learned through a Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee hearing about the success of a newly developed Law Enforcement Assisted Diversion, or LEAD, approach that was spearheaded in cities such as Seattle and Santa Fe. Through the program we are extending today, hopefully we will make it easier for other cities to afford to implement diversion programs such as LEAD. Other purposes for which these grants may be used include providing training and resources for first responders in administering opioid overdose reversal drugs, expanding medicationassisted treatment programs operated by criminal justice agencies, implementing prescription drug monitoring programs, preventing opioid abuse by juveniles, and implementing prescription drug takeback programs, in addition to investigating the illicit distribution of opioids. This funding will be an added contribution to these very vital programs, and I hope that we will be in the business every day of saving lives and turning around those addicted persons who not only are hurting themselves, but they are hurting their families. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 6029, the REGROUP Act. This bill increases the funding authorized for the Department of Justice’s Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program from $103 million per year to $330 million per year through fiscal year 2023. The opioid crisis is a national emergency, and we should certainly expend the resources necessary to prevent opioid abuse and treat those who have become addicted. In the United States, drug overdoses are the leading cause of accidental death, with opioids being involved in nearly two thirds of overdose deaths. Overall, the number of drug overdose deaths has nearly quadrupled over the past twenty years. Although effective for the treatment of pain, prescription opioids are highly addictive and nearly half of all U.S. opioid overdose deaths involve a prescription opioid. Deaths related to heroin have similarly increased, as individuals often transition from more expensive prescription opioids to cheaper heroin. In 2016, Congress adopted this program as part of the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, or ‘‘CARA’’ as we often refer to it. CARA was a wellintentioned initiative to enhance the efforts against opioids across the range of relevant executive branch agencies, involving the jurisdiction of several of our Committees in the House. I was pleased that the Judiciary Committee’s contribution to this effort, resulted in the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program, which reflects an approach not strictly based on arresting and prosecuting. At the time, I noted with approval that we were not raising sentences or expanding mandatory minimums, but instead funding a range of approaches including antiaddiction mechanisms such as treatment alternatives to incarceration. Such alternatives incentivized by this Program include training for criminal justice agency personnel on substance abuse disorders, the implementation of mental health courts, drug courts, and veterans’ treatment courts, assisting parents whose incarceration could result in children entering the child welfare system, and communitybased substance abuse diversion programs. In 2015, we learned through a Crime Subcommittee hearing about the success of the newlydeveloped Law Enforcement Assisted Diversion, or LEAD, approach that was spearheaded in cities such as Seattle and Santa Fe. Through the program we are extending today, hopefully we will make it easier for other cities to afford to implement diversion program such as LEAD. Other purposes for which these grants may be used include providing training and resources for first responders to administer opioid overdose reversal drugs, expanding medicationassisted treatment programs operated by criminal justice agencies, implementing prescription drug monitoring programs, preventing opioid abuse by juveniles, and implementing prescription drug takeback programs, in addition to investigating the illicit distribution of opioids. More than 80 percent of the defendants sentenced for crack cocaine offenses were African Americans, despite the fact that more than 66 percent of crack users were either White or Hispanic. In 2010, we reduced the sentencing disparity between crack and powder cocaine from 100 to 1 to 18 to 1, but we did not even make those changes apply retroactively, and the remaining disparity—and the remaining mandatory nature of the penalty—remains. There is more to do, and there is no excuse to allow such injustices to persist even as Congress attempts to take credit for efforts to address the opioid crisis. As former Attorney General Eric Holder said when he instituted his initiative to address some of the inequities with respect to prosecuting drug crimes, we need to be ‘‘Smart on Crime.’’ We do not need do not need more ‘‘get tough’’ rhetoric from President Trump or Attorney General Sessions about imposing the death penalty for drug crimes. And we should not be telling prosecutors to ratchet up criminal charges and penalties for drug offenders. None of that solves the problem. Instead of doubling down on failed policies that do nothing more than proliferate misery, we need real leadership, involving a commitment to increase resources for alternatives that we know are actually effective. And so, while we should support this bill, we should do more to promote a broader and more just approach for all drugs, and reinstituting policies that reflect the need to be ‘‘Smart on Crime.’’ Mr. Speaker, I hope the funding we appropriate in the years to come will match the increased authorization for funding the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Grant Program administered by the Department of Justice. But we must do more than write checks, we must challenge ourselves to change our mindset and methodology in the way we address drug abuse across the range of substances that we have criminalized. After years of failed policies, we should have learned that we cannot arrest or incarcerate our way out of any drug crisis, and mass incarceration—fueled primary by drug related arrests—has harmed our communities in many ways. Therefore, as I ask my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill today, I also ask that we commit ourselves to extending this conversation past today so that we can work together to reform our drug laws, our sentencing 
laws, and broaden our approaches to preventing and addressing drug abuse. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ), whom I failed to note in my opening remarks is the chief sponsor of this legislation and someone very dedicated to addressing problems with opioid abuse. Mr. ROTHFUS. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of this legislation, H.R. 6029, the Reauthorizing and Extending Grants for Recovery from Opioid Use Programs Act of 2018, or the REGROUP Act. In simple terms, this bill will help our Nation continue the fight against the opioid crisis. The REGROUP Act does two things. First, it reauthorizes and extends the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Program administered through the Department of Justice for an additional 2 years through 2023. Second, it also raises authorized funding levels for these programs from $103 million to $330 million for each fiscal year. b1445 Mr. Speaker, back in my district in western Pennsylvania, the opioid crisis is still a huge problem that continues to destroy lives, hurt families, and plague entire communities. While we have made some progress, there is much more work to be done. Therefore, we must not only continue to support the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Program, but enhance it with additional funding. Originally authorized in the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act of 2016, or CARA, the Comprehensive Opioid Abuse Program authorized valuable grant resources to States and localities suffering from the epidemic. These competitive grant programs offer a wide variety of support at all phases of this fight, from first responders to those suffering from substance abuse. More specifically, the DOJ has developed various grant programs for first responders fighting on the front lines, programs that support drug courts and veteran treatment courts. It also provides grants for increasing collaboration between criminal justice agencies and substance abuse agencies. Furthermore, it even has programs that help develop the prescription drug monitoring programs. For example, back in Beaver County and Allegheny County, we have veteran treatment courts that provide alternative justice systems where those who suffer from addiction and who run afoul of the law can actually receive the care, treatment, and intervention they need. The alternate systems that these courts offer are precisely the type of programs that the REGROUP Act will support. Courts like these help break the cycle of addiction for individuals and, hopefully, save lives in the process. Our whole society benefits when someone breaks the chain of addiction. Mr. Speaker, if we are to end the opioid crisis, we must attack this problem at all levels. We must be committed to this fight for the long term, and we must increase support for these programs. The REGROUP Act will help us continue this fight against the opioid crisis. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Let me thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania for his leadership and for his concern for what has been a deadly journey for many Americans. As I close, I would like to share just a moment of the devastating impact that this epidemic of drugs has had in many communities. More than 80 percent of the defendants sentenced for crack cocaine offenses were African Americans, despite the fact that more than 66 percent of crack cocaine users were either White or Hispanic. In 2010, we reduced the sentencing disparity between crack and powder cocaine from 100to1 to 18to1. We did not even make those changes apply retroactively. The remaining disparity and the remaining mandatory nature of the penalty remains. Therefore, there is much to do. This bill will help us a lot, but there is no excuse to continue to allow people, as is evidenced by the recent pardon by the administration of an individual who had been incarcerated on a drug offense, no excuse for us to allow these injustices to persist, even as we proceed to work on this opioid epidemic. So I think it is extremely important that, as former Attorney General Eric Holder said when he instituted his initiative to address some of the inequities with respect to prosecuting drug crimes, we need to be smart on crime. Treatment is very important. This legislation raising the amount of grant money to help with the courts and treatment elements will be a major aspect to saving lives. But we do not need to continue to get tough in another arena where we are speaking about raising penalties, imposing the death penalty for drug crimes, as the Attorney General has offered. We should not be telling prosecutors to ratchet up criminal charges and penalties for drug offenders. None of that solves the problem. What we are doing today will solve the problem. Instead of doubling down on failing policies that do not do anything more than proliferate misery for the incarcerated person who really needs treatment, as well as the family, we need real leadership involving a commitment to increase resources for the alternatives we know are actually effective. I really do believe the veterans courts, for example, are a Godsend to many of our veterans who come back and truly need help. They are so grateful for help. They may have gotten addicted while in the service or because of circumstances after leaving the service, including issues dealing with their own psychological needs. In any event, we know that they have served their Nation. Continuing to support those kinds of alternatives are extremely important, and we should support this bill so that we can continue those alternatives, but we need to make sure that we speak against those approaches that ignore the Smart on Crime. I would ask that we reinstitute the Smart on Crime, which diminishes the number of people who get caught up in the system who are just truly addicted from the terrible plight that they have with drug addiction. As we work to do more, we must ensure that we look at the crisis as it relates to mass incarceration. We must also treat all of the addictions—crack cocaine—as the same, because it spreads throughout our Nation. So as we continue this conversation, again, I add my appreciation to the Congressman from Pennsylvania, the chairman, and Ranking Member NADLER. As we rise to support this legislation, let us continue to seek to reform our drug laws, let us reform our sentencing laws, and let us broaden our approaches to preventing and addressing drug abuse. I think the experts will tell us that that has been one of the most effective pathways to get people away from drugs and to get their lives and the lives of their families restored. Mr. Speaker, I ask my colleagues to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GOODLATTE. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. I, too, want to thank the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. ROTHFUS ). I want to thank the gentlewoman, the ranking member of the Crime, Terrorism, Homeland Security, and Investigations Subcommittee for her dedication to addressing this very serious problem. I want to urge all of my colleagues to join us in supporting this fine legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentlewoman from Virginia (Mr. GOODLATTE ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 6029. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
RECOGNIZING EARLY CHILDHOOD TRAUMA RELATED TO SUBSTANCE ABUSE ACT OF 2018 Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5889) to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to disseminate information, resources, and if requested, technical assistance to early 
childhood care and education providers and professionals working with young children on ways to properly recognize and respond to children who may be impacted by trauma related to substance abuse. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5889 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Recognizing Early Childhood Trauma Related to Substance Abuse Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT) and the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5889. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5889, Recognizing Early Childhood Trauma Related to Substance Abuse Act of 2018. Last year, we lost more Virginians to opioid overdoses than any other year in the last decade. For 5 years now, fatal drug overdoses are the leading cause of unnatural death in Virginia. In 2017, the average overdose rate across Virginia was 14 per 1,000 people. But in Henrico County, the rate has increased from 11.5 in 2015 to 19.6 in 2017. In fact, 87 percent of inmates in Henrico County identified drug involvement as being a direct or an indirect reason for their incarceration. That is 87 percent. Out of the 1,007 inmates jailed for drug involvement, a plurality began using at age 13. The largest overdose rate last year was in Culpeper County, which increased from about 22.5 per 1,000 people in 2015 to 38 in 2017. We are losing friends, family members, and neighbors every day. Last November, the Committee on Education and the Workforce held a hearing to examine how opioids are impacting communities across America. During the hearing, members heard testimony from Ms. Toni Miner, a family support partner for Child and Youth Leadership who uses her own past struggle with drug abuse to help other families and children who need help overcoming addiction. In her testimony, Miner told members that: ‘‘Addiction is a family disease, and if the whole family is not treated, history will continue to repeat itself.’’ One of the unintended consequences of the opioid epidemic is that addiction has devastated not only the lives of users, but the lives of their families as well. Maybe the most tragic reality of this epidemic is it has devastated the lives of our children. Half of opioid overdose deaths occur among men and women ages 25 to 44, and many of these individuals are parents. The number of children in the U.S. foster care system is increasing, and a recent study showed almost one in three children who were placed in the foster care system in 2015 entered at least partially due to parental drug abuse. In Virginia, there were 5,295 children in foster care as of April. These children, and those living with an addicted caregiver, experience unimaginable hardship and trauma and, thus, have unique needs. When these tragedies occur, the children need the community’s help. The professionals working at child care homes and centers, Head Start programs, faithbased organizations, camps, doctors’ offices, and many other places are in a special position to identify and assist children affected by substance abuse. However, they may not have the preparation and education needed to recognize the risk factor associated with childhood trauma due to an adult’s substance abuse. Information and resources from the Department of Health and Human Services could help educate child care and early education providers how to identify risk factors and respond appropriately when faced with a child experiencing trauma related to substance abuse. Such information and resources will help keep more children safe while aiding in the healthy development and wellbeing of the child and promoting wholefamily approaches whenever possible. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5889, which would help reduce childhood trauma by requiring the Department of Health and Human Services to provide information and technical assistance to early childhood professionals about the best ways to help treat children struggling with trauma related to substance abuse exposure. Children exposed to adverse childhood experiences, or ACEs, are more likely to suffer from substance use disorder later in life. We can save money and lives by better supporting these children. I recently held a listening tour throughout northwest Oregon to better understand how opioids are devastating our communities and to identify and discuss the tools we need to combat this epidemic. I heard from healthcare professionals, families who lost loved ones, individuals in recovery, and community leaders, who all called for greater Federal investment to fight back against opioids. One of the discussions I convened focuses specifically on the needs of children and how we can better support them to succeed both in the classroom and in life. Busy educators and other early childhood professionals now often find themselves serving as first responders to a growing crisis. Some schools in my home State of Oregon are adopting a traumainformed care approach to better support affected students. For instance, Warrenton Grade School, which I recently visited, is a shining example. They are deliberately building a ‘‘culture of care’’ that focuses on meeting the emotional needs of children handinhand with their academic growth. b1500 Schools and especially schoolbased health centers are already facing budget shortages and urgently need additional resources for prevention programs and for screening. I encourage my colleagues to support the passage of this legislation, but this bill will not be effective if we don’t invest in comprehensive supports for young children and their parents. Traumatic events during childhood often trigger substance abuse later in 
life. It is vital that we support early learning initiatives to provide children the comprehensive support they need, including programs like Head Start and home visiting programs. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank Congressman BRAT and Congressman O’HALLERAN for their work on this legislation. I know they care a lot about this issue. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Arizona (Mr. O’HALLERAN ), a cosponsor of this legislation. Mr. O’HALLERAN. Mr. Speaker, I rise in strong support of the Recognizing Early Childhood Trauma Related to Substance Abuse Act. I thank the gentleman from Virginia for teaming up with me to protect and help the most vulnerable victims of the opioid epidemic ravaging our communities across America and our children. As a former police officer, I know what the impacts of addiction and overdoses can do to young family members. The trauma is real, and the effects can be lifelong for many innocent kids. We know from research that this type of trauma can affect school performance, behavior, and the likelihood of substance abuse years later. Nobody is more deserving of our attention and our resources than these kids. It is why I was proud to introduce the Recognizing Early Childhood Trauma Related to Substance Abuse Act with my colleague. This bipartisan bill will help address and reduce childhood trauma caused by the abuse of illegal substances by parents and guardians. The rising abuse of opioids and other illegal drugs is not only devastating communities across this great Nation; it is jeopardizing the futures of millions of young children who are living through untold traumatic experiences. This commonsense bipartisan legislation will support early childhood professionals, give them the tools they need to identify trauma, and support kids with ageappropriate resources. In rural America, skyrocketing overdose rates have had a tremendous impact on every aspect of our communities, including our schools and our earlychildhood institutions. In Arizona, opioid and heroin overdose rates have risen sharply since 2012. It is past time for action to bring resources into our neighborhoods and tackle these issues. Kids affected by substance abuse disorder need our attention now to ensure every single one of them has the bright future they deserve. I am glad Congress agrees and is working across the aisle to take this important step forward. I thank the chairman and ranking member for their support on this bill, and I look forward to its passage and implementation at this urgent time for families across America and the Nation. Mr. BRAT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I would like to thank my colleague, Congresswoman BONAMICI , for her great work in committee and for her always keen insights and great presentation today as well. I would also like to personally thank the sheriffs back at home. I am referring to Henrico Sheriff Mike Wade and Chesterfield County Sheriff Karl Leonard. I thank them for helping with the statistics they do and for their recovery programs back at home in Chesterfield and Henrico. They do outstanding work, along with some of the other recovery folks. John Shinholser and many of our faith community work hand in hand on this across the aisle. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 5889, and I yield back the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, once again, I want to thank Congressman BRATand Congressman O’H ALLERAN for their work on this important legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. BARTON ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. BRAT) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5889. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ASSISTING STATES’ IMPLEMENTATION OF PLANS OF SAFE CARE ACT Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5890) to require the Secretary of Health and Human Services to provide assistance to States in complying with, and implementing, certain provisions of section 106 of the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act in order to promote better protections for young children and familycentered responses, and for other purposes. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5890 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Assisting States’ Implementation of Plans of Safe Care Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GARRETT ) and the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Virginia. 
Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5890. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Virginia? There was no objection. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5890, the Assisting States’ Implementation of Plans of Safe Care Act. In 2016, a staggering 2.1 million Americans experienced an opioid abuse disorder. To put that in perspective, the number of fatalities based on opioid abuse in the most recent year approaches the number 60,000. To put that in perspective, it is nearly sixfold the number of alcoholrelated deaths on our highways. It is nearly twofold the number of automotive deaths on our highways. It is, in fact, greater than the number of deaths from automobiles plus nonsuiciderelated firearms deaths combined. 
What is more troubling is that this number only takes into account those who directly suffered from substance abuse. What it does not take into account are the many people who experienced the secondhand trauma of a loved one struggling with opioid addiction. One of the greatest tragedies of the opioid epidemic is that thousands of children have been swept up by the current of the epidemic due to the substance abuse of a family member or other adult tasked with caring for them. The Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, CAPTA, recently amended in 2016 by the Comprehensive Addiction and Recovery Act, CARA, requires States to implement a plan of safe care to protect the health and safety of young children and promote a familycentered approach to treatment and service delivery. Unfortunately, the requirements included by CARA failed to provide States with substantive guidance and information, which has led to significant confusion and poor implementation of plans of safe care. States and localities might benefit from written guidance and technical assistance provided by the Department of Health and Human Services as they strive to meet Federal requirements and address the known challenges in their individual plans. Through an enhanced understanding of the requirements, States will be able to better protect the wellbeing of children and infants when working with families impacted by the trauma related to opioid abuse. It is clear the opioid epidemic is already multigenerational in nature, as children must confront the pain of an addicted parent or guardian. By strengthening States’ responsiveness and plans of safe care, we can help give these children the protection they need while strengthening families for long term success and stability. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5890. The most recent omnibus legislation increased funding for the Child Abuse Prevention and Treatment Act, or CAPTA, by $60 million, and this bill would help States improve their support for infants, children, and families suffering from the opioid epidemic by requiring Health and Human Services to provide guidance to States on how to implement effective plans of safe care. Pregnant women and young mothers can face seemingly insurmountable challenges when struggling with addiction. I think about Tiffany, whom I met in Oregon. She is from Happy Valley, Oregon, and her struggle with addiction began after she was prescribed medication following a Csection for her third child’s birth. After having to send her kids to live with her mom, she was finally able to access treatment and other support services. She is now clean, in recovery, able to care for her kids again, and, importantly, help others. We must do everything we can to support moms like Tiffany and provide the necessary resources and care to parents and their children so they can have the opportunity to be reunited. Although I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill, it is important to note that CAPTA, even with the $60 million increase, is not fully funded. Only when CAPTA receives the full amount authorized under law will States be able to meet all requirements and adequately address the needs of children exposed to substance abuse. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleagues, Congressman GARRETT and Congresswoman MURPHY , for their work on this important legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from North Carolina (Ms. FOXX), the honorable chairwoman. Ms. FOXX. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from Virginia for yielding time. Mr. Speaker, across the country, communities are struggling to bear the heavy burden of the worsening trend to opioid addiction. At the Committee on Education and the Workforce, we like the idea of evidencebased policymaking. We like to see numbers and statistics. We have to remember, though, that these are never just numbers; they are real people in our own communities. We have held hearings, spoken with experts, brainstormed solutions, and drafted bills. It has become abundantly clear to me that, for every person living with an opioid addiction, there are countless others who also have a steep price to pay. Few things are more devastating than witnessing a neighbor, a friend, a coworker, or a loved one fall prey to addiction and feeling powerless to stop it. I want to thank and commend members of the Committee on Education and the Workforce for leaving no stone unturned as we work to make healing possible to all victims of this scourge of addiction, not only those who are struggling with opioid abuse. Too many people, especially children, have been impacted by this scourge. Today’s bills are designed to bring relief to those who are affected by the addiction while addressing the needs of children and families who have been left in this tragedy’s wake. According to many experts, the worst of the opioid addiction is still to come. If we are to bring this senseless tragedy to an end, we need to do all we can to ensure that the law addresses the needs of families, workplaces, and communities at large. I believe the bills the House is voting on today will do just that, and again, I commend the members of the Education and the Workforce Committee for all their hard work. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as she may consume to the gentlewoman from Florida (Mrs. MURPHY), who is a cosponsor of this legislation. Mrs. MURPHY of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I am proud to be the Democratic lead of this bipartisan bill, and I want to thank Mr. GARRETT of Virginia for working with me on this legislation. The purpose of our bill is to ensure that States have effective plans in place to protect infants who are innocent victims of the opioid epidemic. The bill aims to help Florida and other States develop evidencebased policies and procedures to properly care for babies born dependent on drugs. b1515 Too many Americans and too many Floridians battle opioid addiction. As a mother, it breaks my heart to see innocent children suffer the consequences of adult addiction. We must do everything possible to ensure that drugdependent babies receive proper care at the hospital and proper family, community, and medical support once they are discharged. There are an estimated 2.1 million Americans addicted to opioids, typically, to prescription painkillers. Babies born to mothers who used opioids during pregnancy are at risk of an opioid withdrawal condition called neonatal abstinence syndrome. While there are common and effective ways to treat this syndrome, there are no uniform protocols. Under Federal law, States are required to develop a plan to safely care for infants exposed to substance abuse. However, a 2015 investigation by Reuters indicated that very few States have plans in place that fulfill this Federal requirement. As a result, too many infants exposed to substance abuse and their caregivers are not receiving the comprehensive support they need. Our bill seeks to address this problem. It would require HHS to provide guidance to States on how to implement safe and effective plans to care for infants born dependent on drugs. It would ensure this guidance promotes evidencebased practices and encourages State governments to collaborate with healthcare providers, social service agencies, and other community stakeholders, and it would ensure that HHS’ guidance promotes familycentered treatment that seeks to keep families intact whenever possible. Each year, thousands of babies in this country are born addicted to opioids, including about 4,000 in Florida alone. These babies need our support. This bill seeks to provide it. I respectfully ask my colleagues to vote ‘‘yes.’’ Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close if the gentlewoman from Oregon would like to conclude her remarks. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Once again, Mr. Speaker, I want to encourage my colleagues to support this important legislation. I want to thank Congressman GARRETT and Congresswoman MURPHY for their work on the legislation. I also want to thank Chairwoman FOXX for reminding us that we are not just talking about abstract policy. We are talking about real people: men, women, and especially children who are affected by this crisis. So, again, thank you to the cosponsors of the legislation. I urge its passage, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentlewoman from Florida, as well as the chairwoman from North Carolina and my friend and colleague from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ). I strongly urge my colleagues of every political stripe to recognize that, perhaps while responsibility is best exercised when taken and not given, we contemplate here the outcomes for so many innocents who are unable to determine their circumstance, that is, indeed, children who are born into this horrific affliction of opioid addiction, and understand that, while one might wax poetic about things like personal responsibility and accountability, the Federal Government does, indeed, have a role to fill a vacuum where the States have not acted in the circumstance wherein those who suffer suffer by virtue of circumstances far, far beyond their control. I would hope that the Members of this body on both sides would find themselves compelled by the sheer mathematical magnitude of the epidemic that is the opioid crisis—again, one that takes more lives than nonsuicide gun violence and automobile accidents combined, and one that impacts not just those who exercise choices but those impacted by circumstances far beyond their control—with this but a humble step, not a panacea, towards creating a better circumstance wherein all Americans experience something closer to an equal opportunity to prosper. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues across both sides of the political spectrum to vote in favor of H.R. 5890, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. GARRETT ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5890. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GARRETT. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. IMPROVING THE FEDERAL RESPONSE TO FAMILIES IMPACTED BY SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER ACT Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5891) to establish an interagency task force to improve the Federal response to families impacted by substance abuse disorders. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 5891 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Improving the Federal Response to Families Impacted by Substance Use Disorder Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ) and the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Wisconsin. 
Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5891. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Wisconsin? There was no objection. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, we have all heard about the opioid epidemic, and I always feel, despite the fact that it has been very publicized, it has still been underpublicized. Over 40,000 people every year die of this epidemic. I am old enough to remember the Vietnam war, and it was relatively late in that war before we got to 41,000 deaths, and we all remember how that divided the country. There are more people that die in this year, every year, than the number of people who are both murdered and die in car accidents combined. I am on a variety of committees, and if you sit on almost any committee, I think, in this institution, eventually the topic of opioid abuse comes up. One of the things that hits me when it comes up is the degree to which there are varying opinions on what to do with this, and it varies from agency to agency. Therefore, what I am proposing in this bill is a task force that gets together two representatives from the Department of Health and Human Services, the Department of Education, the Department of Agriculture, and the Department of Labor to look for solutions and look for best practices. The Secretary of Health and Human Services is also supposed to appoint four other members to this task force. I don’t want this to be one of the task forces that is hanging out there for too long. They have got to come back with recommendations within 9 months, and, hopefully, we will use these recommendations by this time next year on this floor. It is very frustrating, like I said, to attend these hearings and hear, among the experts, such divergent opinions as to how to save some lives here. We really cannot be spending more time on programs that don’t work or having the agencies not work with each other. I look forward to strong leadership in this committee. I expect that they will be taking advice from strong local leaders who have done what they can to address this epidemic around the country. We must put our full weight behind a coordinated strategy to bring stability and health to our communities. I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5891, which would establish an interagency task force to identify, evaluate, and recommend ways in which Federal agencies can better coordinate responses to the opioid epidemic and carry out their authorized duties. Many factors have contributed to this crisis, and it will take significant efforts to overcome it. Throughout my listening tour around northwest Oregon to discuss the opioid crisis, it became abundantly clear that local, State, and Federal officials must work together to address this epidemic and stem the loss of lives. As I previously mentioned, I heard from numerous providers, individuals in recovery, families who lost loved ones, teachers, community leaders, all who called for greater Federal investment to fight back against opioids and more assistance for State and local entities that are working on the front lines. Because of the breadth of programs required to assist families, any government effort to address substance use disorder and the opioid crisis must be a coordinated and collaborative approach across agencies. I am hopeful that this interagency task force will result in a more collaborative plan of action to address the many issues facing my constituents and the other people across this country. I am, however, concerned that a plan of action without the necessary funding to carry out the recommendations will remain just a plan. So I urge my colleagues to support providing sufficient resources to implement these solutions. I want to thank my colleagues, Congressman GROTHMAN and Congressman LAMB, for their work on this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. LAMB), who I know is very concerned about this issue as well. Mr. LAMB. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to ask my colleagues to support H.R. 5891, a bill I introduced with my Republican colleague, Mr. GROTHMAN , and I thank Mr. GROTHMAN and Ranking Member BONAMICI for their efforts. This bill is part of the fight against opioids. It creates an interagency task force to study how we can take the work that these government agencies are doing and do it even better. We have to do it better for the families that are affected, and I think the range of bills we are talking about today recognizes that. I thank my Republican colleagues for focussing on that because the mothers, the fathers, the brothers, and the sisters who have been left behind, they are our first line of defense, and they need our support. Mr. Speaker, heroin and opioid addiction is a fullblown crisis in western Pennsylvania. It is a disease that does not discriminate. People with money, people without money, people of all races, everyone has been affected, and our people are dying every single day. An entire generation of Americans, which is my generation, will have a huge hole in it where our brothers and our sisters should have been. Last year, we lost more than 60,000 Americans to the disease of drug addiction, and they left behind more than 60,000 families. For too long, those families have carried too heavy of a burden with too little support from our government. I can tell you about the first one of these families I met. When I was a prosecutor investigating the death of their son, I met a family whose son reminded me of so many young men that I served in the Marines with. He was in his twenties. He was a hard worker. He was prescribed prescription drugs for an injury that he got on the job. He worked in the natural gas fields. He became addicted to opioids, and he survived three different drug overdoses. His family kept him alive. They rescued him from the side of the road when he had been in a car with other drug addicts who threw him out when he started to overdose. They fought for years to get him into treatment and finally got him into a 30day treatment program, where he went and succeeded. 
On the 31st day, that young man was released too soon, and his mother was in a near fatal car accident the same day. He spent the day staring at her in the ICU, and, no surprise, returned to heroin that same night and passed away the next morning. That man should still be with us today. He was discovered by his grandfather and by his brother, and that family will think about him and be asking forever what more they could have done. I have met them. I sat across from the father who cried in front of me and asked what else he could have done. The fact is that they are doing what they can, and if we, as a government, are going to ask them to do everything they can, we have to ask the same of ourselves. We have to have their back. H.R. 5891 is a positive step forward. That is what this is for. If this were any foreign military threat, we would study it in detail. We would proceed strategically with great discipline and in a bipartisan way, and that is what we are doing here. This bill requires Federal agencies to do something that they don’t always do on their own, which is talk to each other and to put families first. It also requires them to go listen to the people who are already working most closely with these families—nurses, doctors, teachers, therapists—so that we can use their testimony to make sure that this task force produces results and not just a report. That is something we have seen so far in western Pennsylvania. b1530 Our former U.S. attorney, David Hickton, led a local working group and task force in the western district of Pennsylvania, which then became the model for the National Heroin Task Force. Within a couple of years, they gathered enough data, enough testimony, and enough momentum that that became the basis for the White House’s unprecedented request for funding to fight this battle. Eventually, this Chamber got together with the Senate and, in a bipartisan way, passed the 21st Century Cures Act. We need to harness that same spirit now. As Ranking Member BONAMICI  said, we need to spend more than we spent so far. This is an existential threat, and we need to treat it that way. Mr. Speaker, I thank, again, my colleague, Congressman GROTHMAN , and I urge all of my colleagues to support H.R. 5891. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, my final comment on this issue, first of all, for the folks back home, is that when politicians talk about resources, they really mean money. Back in Wisconsin, when I think of resources, I think of timber, iron ore, oil, gas, and that sort of thing. But up here, I guess when we talk about resources, we mean money. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Mr. Speaker, I, again, want to thank Congressman GROTHMAN and Congressman L AMB on this important legislation and emphasize again, that once we get the report from this task force, we need to have the funding—the resources, the money—to implement its recommendations to make sure that it really helps the people we are serving. So, again, I thank them for their work on this legislation. Mr. Speaker, I urge passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, I thank my Democratic colleagues for making this a fine piece of bipartisan legislation. I hope when the recommendations come back in 9 months, we can have another nice big bipartisan vote and move the recommendations out. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5891. The question was taken. The SPEAKER pro tempore. In the opinion of the Chair, twothirds being in the affirmative, the ayes have it. Mr. GROTHMAN. Mr. Speaker, on that I demand the yeas and nays. The yeas and nays were ordered. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to clause 8 of rule XX, further proceedings on this motion will be postponed. 
ESTABLISHMENT OF AN ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON OPIOIDS AND THE WORKPLACE Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5892) to establish an Advisory Committee on Opioids and the Workplace to advise the Secretary of Labor on actions the Department of Labor can take to address the impact of opioid abuse on the workplace. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 5892 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. ESTABLISHMENT OF AN ADVISORY COMMITTEE ON OPIOIDS AND THE WORKPLACE. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mrs. WALORSKI ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS) and the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. 
Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on H.R. 5892. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5892. The effects of the opioid public health emergency can be seen throughout our local communities, and maybe most acutely in our workplaces. According to the National Council on Alcoholism and Drug Dependence, 70 percent of the almost 15 million Americans misusing drugs, including opioids, are currently employed. Furthermore, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics, the number of overdose fatalities on the job has increased by at least 25 percent annually since 2012. These statistics serve as a reminder that workplaces are not immune from the worsening epidemic and that workplaces can often serve as crucial places to provide outreach and assistance to those who are struggling with opioid addiction. The Committee on Education and the Workforce has been examining this critical issue. In February of this year, the Subcommittee on Health, Employment, Labor, and Pensions and the Subcommittee on Workforce Protections held a joint hearing to examine how the epidemic is affecting workplaces, and to hear from business owners who have taken steps to address problems of substance abuse and addiction in the workplace. Some of the initiatives these businesses have taken are not only inspiring, but they also show promising results. The U.S. Department of Labor could benefit greatly from more information about the solutions originating from the private sector to address the challenges of maintaining a healthy workforce in the face of the opioid epidemic. H.R. 5892 will create an advisory committee to make recommendations to the Secretary of Labor on what specific actions the Department of Labor can take to provide informational resources that will help mitigate some of the most harmful effects of opioid abuse in the workplace. The advisory committee will convene twice a year to discuss successful employer initiatives and report best practices, and will sunset after 3 years. Madam Speaker, this bipartisan bill will be an instrumental part of the greater solution to fight the opioid epidemic and support employers who are working to promote workplace safety and assist with employee recovery. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 5892. In addition to the severe health consequences of substance use disorders, the opioid epidemic has taken a serious toll on the workplace. More than 10 million fulltime workers have a substance use disorder. A 2017 survey from the National Safety Council found that 70 percent of employers have seen some effect of prescription drug usage, including absenteeism, impaired or decreased job performance, injuries or near misses, and arrests on or off the job. When I traveled across northwest Oregon to talk to community members about the opioid crisis, I heard from many employers and employees whose work had been affected by addiction. Oregon’s low unemployment rate is resulting in local employers struggling to find qualified personnel. The opioid crisis has weakened our workforce at a time when our economy needs more workers. For instance, a timber company on the coast of Oregon reported that only one applicant passed a drug test during a recent hiring process. When I hear from people in recovery, many say that they could not continue working while they were struggling with addiction. We must acknowledge that our work and our personal lives are intertwined, that an employer’s interest in the health of its employees should not end at the door, and that investing in employees through proactive prevention or flexible support policies can be good for employees and for the bottom line. An estimated 20 percent of the decline in men’s labor force participation over the last 20 years can be attributed to the increase in opioid prescriptions. For women, that number is 25 percent. Sadly, the disease of addiction is affecting people far beyond their homes. If we are going to make any progress in addressing the opioid epidemic, our workplaces must have policies that support affected workers. This legislation would establish a council to advise the Secretary of Labor on actions the Department of Labor can take to provide informational resources and guidance to address the effects of substance use disorders on the workplace. The advisory council will be comprised of a diverse coalition of stakeholders, including substance use disorder experts, unions, and employers. This includes supporting workers with substance use disorders, as well as those in recovery. The advisory council would be charged with assessing a range of workplace policies best practices. These identified best practices will benefit employers and employees alike by keeping workers safe, healthy, productive, and on the job. I also urge my colleagues to support legislation for other workplace policies and protections that are vital for people struggling with substance use disorder, such as paid leave. There is certainly more that we, as policymakers, can do to make sure that workers can access and seek treatment when they need it, and be able to return to their jobs as soon as possible. Madam Speaker, I thank Congressman LEWIS and Congressman C ARTWRIGHT for their work on this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I continue to reserve the balance of my time. 
Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Pennsylvania (Mr. CARTWRIGHT ), the cosponsor of this important legislation. Mr. CARTWRIGHT. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 5892, a bill I am proud to have cosponsored with Representative LEWIS. I thank Congressman LEWIS, as well as the Education and the Workforce Committee, for their hard work on this bill. Madam Speaker, Pennsylvania has the fourth highest rate of death due to drug overdoses in the Nation, and northeastern Pennsylvania, where I represent, has one of the highest rates of fatal drug overdoses in our State. Beyond the statistics are stories of broken families and broken dreams, due to the addiction to and the abuse of these drugs. In fact, the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention estimate that approximately 91 deaths from opioid overdoses occur every day in our Nation. This epidemic breaks our hearts. But it also hurts our economy. An estimated 20 percent of men’s and 25 percent of women’s decline in labor force participation between 1999 and 2015 can be attributed to the increase in opioid prescriptions. This is a public health and economic crisis that we have to address right now. That is why I am so pleased to see the House taking up this legislation. Establishing this advisory council to study the impacts of opioid abuse on the workplace is essential to understanding how damaging this epidemic is, both to individuals and communities. We know that we must confront this epidemic on all fronts. It is a bill that is an important step towards helping those dealing with substance abuse remain in the workforce. Our work on opioids has to continue after this week. Our communities have not yet healed from the traumatic losses they have suffered, and we have to continue to focus on this issue if we are to have any hope of adequately addressing the harm to public health that opioid abuse has caused. Again, I thank Congressman LEWIS for his work on this bill, I am proud to join him in that work, and I urge my colleagues in the House of Representatives to support it. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close, and I, again, reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Madam Speaker, once again, I thank Congressman LEWIS and Congressman CARTWRIGHT for their work on H.R. 5892. As we continue with this work, we must recognize that it is much harder for people to be successful in their recovery if they do not have a job. Let’s work with our employers and look at the results of this bill that the advisory council will advise us. Let’s follow their recommendations. Madam Speaker, I urge passage of this bill, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the remainder of my time. Madam Speaker, I also thank my Democratic colleagues for their efforts on behalf of this bill as well. At a time when businesses, large and small, are noticing the effects of this crisis, opioid abuse, on employee health and economic productivity, the active coordination between the Department of Labor and private stakeholders, prompted by this bill, is vital to securing the continued safety of the American workplace. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of H.R. 5892, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 5892. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
SUPPORTING GRANDPARENTS RAISING GRANDCHILDREN ACT Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (S. 1091) to establish a Federal Task Force to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
S. 1091 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS) and the gentlewoman from Oregon (Ms. BONAMICI ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Minnesota. b1545 
Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on S. 1091, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Minnesota? There was no objection. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the amendment to S. 1091, the Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act. As the opioid public health emergency continues to unfold, it has become clear that the epidemic is not contained to a single generation. Rather, it affects everyone, from infants who have been left behind by an addicted parent or a guardian, to seniors who have stepped into the role of primary caregiver to take care of their grandchildren. At present, there are more than 2.5 million grandparents in the United States who are the primary caretaker of their grandchildren. Experts believe this number is increasing in large part due to the rise of the opioid epidemic. A child going to live with his or her grandparent is often the best outcome in a difficult situation, as it allows for important family connections to remain intact and can reduce the trauma a child feels. However, it can present certain challenges to grandparents who lack the necessary information and tools to provide their grandchildren with loving attention and proper care. The House amendment to S. 1091, the Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act, will help to support these grandparents in their caregiving responsibilities. The bill directs the creation of an advisory council, led by the Department of Health and Human Services, to identify and disseminate useful information to grandparents who are primary caretakers of their grandchildren, placing a special emphasis on those families who have been impacted by the opioid epidemic. The advisory council will focus on disseminating information to help grandparents meet the health, educational, nutritional, and other needs of the children they are caring for. The House amendment ensures the council will solicit input from State and local entities and grandparents themselves to inform the best practices, and ensure the most useful information is in circulation. It also terminates the council after 3 years, to ensure the information is disseminated in a timely manner. Madam Speaker, with so many parents struggling with addiction, grandparents are increasingly coming to the rescue. It is important that we provide these grandparents with the information they need to care for their grandchildren. Madam Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support this legislation, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of S. 1091, as amended, the Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act. This bill will provide support to the millions of grandparents and other older caregivers across the country who are raising children. As my colleague, Mr. LEWIS, mentioned, more than 2.5 million grandparents are raising their grandchildren across the Nation today. Child welfare experts agree that substance use disorders, especially addiction to opioids, are behind much of the growing number of grandparents raising their grandchildren. Raising grandchildren can dramatically alter the lives of these grandparents, who can sometimes be overwhelmed by the unique challenges they face as they adapt to their new roles and responsibilities. The Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act would create an advisory council charged with identifying best practices, resources, and other tools to help grandparents and other older caregivers address common challenges when raising children. This might include how to navigate a school system or access healthcare. This information is vital and will prove to be lifesaving to grandparents striving to care both for themselves and for their families. Madam Speaker, I thank Senator SUSAN COLLINS and Senator B OBCASEY  for their work on this bill, and I thank Congressman MCGOVERN , Congressman KING, and Congressman L EWIS for their leadership in the House. This bipartisan, bicameral effort is a testament to the importance of this growing and important issue. I urge my colleagues to support S. 1091. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I yield such time as he may consume to the gentleman from Massachusetts (Mr. MCGOVERN ), the cosponsor of this House legislation. Mr. MCGOVERN. Madam Speaker, I thank Congresswoman BONAMICI for yielding time. First, let me say how proud I am to have introduced the House companion to an important bipartisan, bicameral bill. Madam Speaker, one of the most heartbreaking aspects of the opiate epidemic is that a tremendous strain is placed not only on those who are struggling with addiction or dealing with substance use disorders, but also on their families, their friends, and their support networks. Oftentimes when parents are struggling with addiction and unable to raise a child, that responsibility falls to a grandparent. Right now, as has been said, over 2.5 million children are being raised by their grandparents, and we only expect that number to grow. These grandparentled households often face unique challenges. They may not have time to plan financially for raising another child. They may not have the resources to ensure their home or their car is ready to raise a child. There may be barriers for them to access the child’s medical or school information. It may be difficult for them to navigate the complex school 
requirements in many communities to ensure that their grandchild does not fall behind during a move. They may need to spend down their savings or refinance a home in order to provide for their grandchildren, putting their own financial future in jeopardy. This bill, the Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act, will help us bring to the forefront the resources that grandparents need to raise their grandchildren. It will create an important new Federal advisory council focused on developing and disseminating information designed to help grandparents. The advisory council would examine information about how to address mental health issues, how to navigate school systems, and how to build social and support networks that create the best possible environment for children. Madam Speaker, we are so grateful that these grandparents have stepped in to care for grandchildren, and we need to do everything we can to support and sustain them. Madam Speaker, I thank especially Senator SUSAN COLLINS of Maine for her leadership on this issue, along with Senator CASEY from Pennsylvania, and I am grateful to my colleague, Congressman PETER KINGof New York, for his work and help getting this legislation passed. As we deal with the opiate crisis, we have to deal with many different issues. There is not just one issue. There are multiple issues, and this is one of them. Madam Speaker, I appreciate the bipartisan support for my bill, and I appreciate the gentlewoman for yielding me the time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I am prepared to close if the gentlewoman is, and I reserve the balance of my time. Ms. BONAMICI. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, again, I support this legislation, the Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act, and other efforts of my colleagues to address the opioid crisis, but these policies will only be a drop in the bucket if the administration continues undermining access to affordable, comprehensive healthcare that includes robust Affordable Care Act protections for preexisting conditions like substance use disorder. If we are to stem the tide of this epidemic, Medicare, Medicaid, and private insurers must fully cover addiction treatment and safer alternatives to opioids for pain. One thing is clear: Changing policy alone won’t stop this crisis. We also need more resources for prevention, treatment, and innovative solutions. The urgent need for more funding is wide and varied. Prevention programs need to be able to reach more people. Researchers need additional funding to gather data that will drive effective solutions. Overstretched public health departments need to be able to coordinate a comprehensive response. Treatment facilities need more beds and more staff. Healthcare providers need further education and training. We must increase the resources to match the scale of this problem, this crisis, and focus on making smart investments to adequately address the opioid crisis. Madam Speaker, once again, I thank Senators COLLINS and C ASEY , as well as Congressmen MCGOVERN and K ING, for their work on this legislation, and I urge its passage. Madam Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. LEWIS of Minnesota. Madam Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Madam Speaker, I thank my colleagues across the aisle for their efforts in this regard. I too agree that, absolutely, we need healthcare reform to ensure that people have the kind of coverage that covers things like opioid and substance abuse. Part of that effort means that people can afford a good insurance policy and choose the kind of coverage they want so that they are not priced out of the market and go without any insurance at all, which is really a problem with some of these people suffering through this epidemic. Madam Speaker, in conclusion, I urge my colleagues to vote in favor of S. 1091, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. KING of New York. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of the Supporting Grandparents Raising Grandchildren Act. I am proud to be a lead cosponsor of this legislation. Grandparents play a crucial and increasingly significant role in the lives of their grandchildren. There are approximately 2.6 million grandparents who are raising their grandchildren in the United States. Unlike parents or foster parents who plan for months or years to care for a child, grandparents often step in to raise the children unexpectedly with little to no support. This has become more prevalent in the wake of the opioid crisis. As a result, many grandparents are left without adequate information on available resources to help them with their caregiving duties. This legislation will enable the federal government to provide much needed support to grandparents. Specifically, this bill will establish a federal advisory council to identify, promote, coordinate, and disseminate information and resources in order to help grandparents meet the health, educational, nutritional, and other needs of the children in their care. The task force will also help identify resources to help grandparents meet their own physical and mental health needs. I thank Senator COLLINS , Senator C ASEY , and Congressman MCGOVERN for working with me on this important legislation. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting this bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Minnesota (Mr. LEWIS) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, S. 1091, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. The title of the bill was amended so as to read: ‘‘A bill to establish a Federal Advisory Council to Support Grandparents Raising Grandchildren’’. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. f 
VETERANS TREATMENT COURT IMPROVEMENT ACT OF 2018 Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 2147) to require the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to hire additional Veterans Justice Outreach Specialists to provide treatment court services to justiceinvolved veterans, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: 
H.R. 2147 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
This Act may be cited as the ‘‘Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act of 2018’’. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore. Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days within which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material into the RECORD on H.R. 2147, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield myself as much time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 2147, as amended, the Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act of 2018. This bill would require the Department of Veterans Affairs, VA, to hire at least 50 Veterans Justice Outreach specialists, also referred to as VJO specialists, to serve in a veterans treatment or other veteranfocused court. VJO specialists provide direct outreach to and case management services for veterans who are involved in the local criminal justice system. They serve to protect some of our most vulnerable veterans from unnecessary criminalization and incarceration by working with law enforcement and the courts to identify servicerelated mental health or substance abuse issues that may be underlying criminal behavior among veterans, and to link veterans with treatment they need from the VA to recover and become fully functional and contributing members of society. This bill is sponsored by Congressman MIKECOFFMAN of Colorado. Mr. COFFMAN is a senior member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee and a tireless advocate for service members, veterans, and their families. Madam Speaker, I thank the gentleman for his leadership on this bill, and I urge all of our colleagues to join me in supporting this. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Madam Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2147, as amended, the Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act of 2018. This bill would require VA to expand access to Veterans Justice Outreach specialists in an effort to aid veterans as they interact with the justice system. Dealing with veterans who break the law can be complicated. While they should be held accountable for their crimes, there are frequently underlying factors, like substance abuse or PTSD, that come into play. Transitioning from the battlefield to civilian life can be tough for many. These specialists are integral to VHA’s efforts to ensure veterans avoid unnecessary criminalization of mental illness and extended incarceration among veterans. Veterans treatment courts are proven ways to ensure veterans receive the treatment and support necessary to avoid recidivism. I have visited the Riverside County Veterans Treatment Court and witnessed firsthand the stellar services it offers veterans in my community. That is why I believe this bill is so important, as it would ensure veterans have the assistance and support they need to navigate successfully through the justice system. Madam Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Madam Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ), both an Army and Marine veteran, my good friend and the sponsor of this bill. Mr. COFFMAN. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2147, the Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act. For many veterans, the transition from military service has been successful, with few challenges. However, that is not the case for all veterans. Unfortunately, for some veterans, the integration into civilian life has been met with difficulties, complications, and being caught up in the criminal justice system, often due to undiagnosed and untreated mental health issues attributed to multiple combat tours. b1600 The Veteran Treatment Court Improvement Act of 2018, H.R. 2147, assists criminal justiceinvolved veterans in getting the help they need to navigate the justice system and receive muchneeded services through the Department of Veterans Affairs. H.R. 2147 authorizes the Secretary of VA to hire an additional 50 Veteran Justice Outreach specialists to support the existing VA Veteran Justice Outreach program. 
The veteran treatment court model helps prevent the unnecessary incarceration of veterans who have suffered mental health issues, substance abuse, and homelessness related to the military service. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 2147 to better meet the needs of the program and provide muchneeded services to more veterans in need. Mr. TAKANO. Madam Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Arizona (Ms. SINEMA ) who, though she is not a member of the Veterans’ Affairs Committee, has had a distinguished record of serving our veterans through very, very significant legislation. Ms. SINEMA. Madam Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 2147, the Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act of 2018. Madam Speaker, it is our responsibility as Americans to help our bravest men and women heal from both the physical and mental wounds of war. Veteran treatment courts are important, effective tools to help heal the invisible injuries many of our veterans sustained defending our country. Retired Brigadier General Gregg Maxon, an Arizona veterans court advocate, told me these courts and their employees ‘‘make all the difference in how these veterans engage in their treatment programs.’’ We worked across the aisle on this bill to ensure that lifesaving courts have the resources to serve any Arizona veteran who needs support. Madam Speaker, too many Arizona families continue to struggle with addiction. In the past year alone, more than 8,000 Arizonans overdosed on opioids. Over 1,200 of those lives couldn’t be saved. Leaders in Congress have attempted to cut programs like Medicaid, known as AHCCCS in Arizona, which ensures treatment and recovery services for many hardworking Arizonans struggling with addiction. But instead of attacking this program that works for everyday people across our State, we should reach across the aisle and work together to find solutions that help families get ahead and build better lives. This week, we are working across the aisle and I am proud to see our progress. We are passing bills to help reduce foreign shipments of illegal synthetic opioids from places like China that enter our country through the mail system; passing bills to provide additional targeted services for individuals and families struggling with addiction; and passing bills to give law enforcement additional tools to keep synthetic drugs off the streets and out of our communities. More work remains, and I look forward to working across the aisle to deliver results for everyday Arizonans. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I am prepared to close. I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 2 minutes to the gentleman from Virginia (Mr. CONNOLLY ). Mr. CONNOLLY. Mr. Speaker, I thank my friend from California for his leadership. I rise in support of the Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act of 2018 requiring the Department of Veterans Affairs to hire 50 Veterans Justice Outreach specialists to support veteran treatment courts. We have a sacred obligation to serve the needs of our Nation’s veterans, including those struggling with addiction and the invisible wounds of war. Twenty percent of Iraq and Afghanistan war veterans suffer from posttraumatic stress disorder or major depression. One in six battle with substance abuse. Left undiagnosed or untreated, these illnesses can lead to an encounter with the justice system. Worse yet, they can also lead to suicide, which veterans commit at more than twice the rate of the civilian population. Fortunately, specialized veteran treatment courts are being developed across the country to help veterans who suffer from substance addiction or mental health disorders, and they receive the assistance they deserve. The first such court was established in Buffalo, New York, in 2008. Since then, more than 300 have opened across the country, including one in Fairfax County and another in Prince William County, both counties I represent. I was glad to help establish the first docket in Fairfax County, and have been a proud supporter ever since. By bringing these service organizations, State Veterans Services Departments and volunteer mentors into the courtroom, veteran treatment courts promote community collaboration and can connect veterans with the programs and benefits they have earned and they need. Having a veteranonly court docket ensures that everyone, from the judge to the volunteers, specialize in veteran care; and the involvement of fellow veterans allows the defendant to experience the camaraderie to which he or she has become accustomed in the military. We know this model works. It is our hope that the additional Veterans Justice Outreach specialists provided for in this bill will help promote veteran treatment courts as an alternative to detention for our Nation’s returning heroes, and help them with the transition to civilian life. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself the balance of my time. Let me just say that I have personally witnessed the effectiveness of these courts in my own community. They have saved lives; they have fixed lives; they have repaired lives; and they have afforded our veterans a measure of dignity as they heal from their experiences in battle. So I ask all my colleagues to please join me in passing H.R. 2147, as amended. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, once again, I encourage all Members to support H.R. 2147, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. MARCHANT ). The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 2147, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. HURD. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 263. Mr. DUNCAN of South Carolina. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 263. Mr. BARLETTA. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidably detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 263. Ms. WILSON of Florida. Mr. Speaker, had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 263. 
IMPROVING THE FEDERAL RESPONSE TO FAMILIES IMPACTED BY SUBSTANCE USE DISORDER ACT The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. ISSA). The unfinished business is the vote on the motion to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 5891) to establish an interagency task force to improve the Federal response to families impacted by substance abuse disorders, on which the yeas and nays were ordered. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Wisconsin (Mr. GROTHMAN ) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill. This is a 5minute vote. The vote was taken by electronic device, and there were—yeas 409, nays 8, not voting 10, as follows: [Roll No. 264] YEAS—409 
Abraham Adams Aderholt Aguilar Allen Amodei Arrington Babin Bacon Banks (IN) Barletta Barr Barraga´n Barton Bass Bera Bergman Beyer Bishop (GA) Bishop (MI) Bishop (UT) Black Blackburn Blum Blumenauer Blunt Rochester Bonamici Bost Boyle, Brendan F. Brady (PA) Brady (TX) Brat Brooks (AL) Brooks (IN) Brown (MD) Brownley (CA) Buchanan Buck Bucshon Budd Burgess Bustos Butterfield Byrne Calvert Capuano Carbajal Ca´rdenas Carson (IN) Carter (GA) Carter (TX) Cartwright Castor (FL) Castro (TX) Chabot Cheney Chu, Judy Cicilline Clark (MA) Clarke (NY) Clay Cleaver Clyburn Coffman Cohen Cole Collins (GA) Collins (NY) Comer Comstock Conaway Connolly Cook Cooper Correa Costa Costello (PA) Courtney Cramer Crawford Crist Cuellar Culberson Cummings Curbelo (FL) Curtis Davidson Davis (CA) Davis, Danny Davis, Rodney DeFazio DeGette Delaney DeLauro DelBene Demings Denham DeSantis DeSaulnier DesJarlais Deutch DiazBalart Dingell Doggett Donovan Doyle, Michael F. Duffy Duncan (SC) Duncan (TN) Dunn Emmer Engel Eshoo Espaillat Estes (KS) Esty (CT) Evans Faso Ferguson Fitzpatrick Fleischmann Flores Fortenberry Foster Foxx Frankel (FL) Frelinghuysen Fudge Gabbard Gallagher Gallego Garamendi Garrett Gianforte Gibbs Gomez Gonzalez (TX) Goodlatte Gottheimer Gowdy Granger Graves (GA) Graves (MO) Green, Al Green, Gene Griffith Grothman Guthrie Gutie´rrez Hanabusa Handel Harper Harris Hartzler Hastings Heck Hensarling Herrera Beutler Hice, Jody B. Higgins (LA) Higgins (NY) Hill Himes Holding Hollingsworth Hoyer Hudson Huffman Huizenga Hultgren Hunter Hurd Issa Jackson Lee Jayapal Jeffries Jenkins (KS) Jenkins (WV) Johnson (GA) Johnson (LA) Johnson (OH) Johnson, E. B. Johnson, Sam Jordan Joyce (OH) Kaptur Katko Keating Kelly (IL) Kelly (MS) Kelly (PA) Kennedy Khanna Kihuen Kildee Kilmer Kind King (IA) King (NY) Kinzinger Knight Krishnamoorthi Kuster (NH) Kustoff (TN) Labrador LaHood LaMalfa Lamb Lamborn Lance Langevin Larsen (WA) Larson (CT) Latta Lawrence Lawson (FL) Lee Lesko Levin Lewis (GA) Lewis (MN) Lieu, Ted Lipinski LoBiondo Loebsack Lofgren Long Loudermilk Love Lowenthal Lowey Lucas Luetkemeyer Lujan Grisham, M. Luja´n, Ben Ray MacArthur Maloney, Carolyn B. Maloney, Sean Marchant Marino Marshall Mast Matsui McCarthy McCaul McClintock McCollum McEachin McGovern McHenry McKinley McMorris Rodgers McNerney McSally Meadows Meeks Meng Messer Mitchell Moolenaar Mooney (WV) Moore Moulton Mullin Murphy (FL) Nadler Napolitano Neal Newhouse Noem Nolan Norcross Norman Nunes O’Halleran O’Rourke Olson Palazzo Pallone Palmer Panetta Pascrell Paulsen 
Payne Pearce Pelosi Perry Peters Peterson Pingree Pittenger Pocan Poe (TX) Poliquin Polis Posey Price (NC) Quigley Raskin Ratcliffe Reed Reichert Renacci Rice (NY) Rice (SC) Richmond Roby Roe (TN) Rogers (AL) Rogers (KY) Rohrabacher Rokita Rooney, Francis Rooney, Thomas J. RosLehtinen Rosen Roskam Ross Rothfus Rouzer RoybalAllard Royce (CA) Ruiz Ruppersberger Rush Russell Rutherford Ryan (OH) Sa´nchez Sarbanes Schakowsky Schiff Schneider Schrader Schweikert Scott (VA) Scott, Austin Scott, David Sensenbrenner Serrano Sessions Sewell (AL) SheaPorter Sherman Shimkus Shuster Simpson Sinema Sires Smith (MO) Smith (NE) Smith (NJ) Smith (TX) Smith (WA) Smucker Soto Speier Stefanik Stewart Stivers Suozzi Swalwell (CA) Takano Taylor Tenney Thompson (CA) Thompson (MS) Thompson (PA) Thornberry Tipton Titus Tonko Torres Trott Tsongas Turner Upton Valadao Vargas Veasey Vela Vela´zquez Visclosky Wagner Walberg Walden Walker Walorski Walters, Mimi Wasserman Schultz Waters, Maxine Watson Coleman Weber (TX) Webster (FL) Welch Wenstrup Westerman Williams Wilson (FL) Wilson (SC) Wittman Womack Woodall Yarmuth Yoder Yoho Young (AK) Young (IA) Zeldin 
Beatty Bilirakis Crowley Ellison Graves (LA) Grijalva Lynch Perlmutter Scalise Walz 
ANNOUNCEMENT BY Mr. SCALISE. Mr. Speaker, I was unavoidablyu detained. Had I been present, I would have voted ‘‘yea’’ on rollcall No. 264. 
Mr. BILIRAKIS. Mr. Speaker, on Wednesday, June 13, 2018, I was unavoidably detained and was unable to make votes. Had I been present, I would have voted: ‘‘Yea’’ for rollcall 261, the Previous Question; ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall 262, on adoption of the resolution H. Res. 934; ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall 263, H.R. 5890—Assisting States’ Implementatilon of Plans of Safe Care Act; and ‘‘yea’’ for rollcall 264, H.R. 5891—Improving the Federal Response to Families Impacted by Substance Use Disorder Act. b1645 PEER SUPPORT COUNSELING PROGRAM FOR WOMEN VETERANS Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I move to suspend the rules and pass the bill (H.R. 4635) to direct the Secretary of Veterans Affairs to increase the number of peertopeer counselors providing counseling for women veterans, and for other purposes, as amended. The Clerk read the title of the bill. The text of the bill is as follows: H.R. 4635 Be it enacted by the Senate and House of Representatives of the United States of America in Congress assembled, 
SECTION 1. PEER SUPPORT COUNSELING PROGRAM FOR WOMEN VETERANS. 
The SPEAKER pro tempore (Mr. CURTIS ). Pursuant to the rule, the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) and the gentleman from California (Mr. TAKANO ) each will control 20 minutes. The Chair recognizes the gentleman from Tennessee. 
Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members may have 5 legislative days in which to revise and extend their remarks and insert extraneous material in the RECORD on H.R. 4635, as amended. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from Tennessee? There was no objection. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4635, as amended. This bill would ensure that the Department of Veterans Affairs existing volunteer peer support counseling program includes peer counselors for women veterans. As the number of veterans who are enrolled in the VA healthcare system continues to grow, it is critical that the VA programs are prepared to meet their needs. The peer support counseling program recruits veterans to serve on a volunteer basis to assist their fellow veterans who are struggling with mental health or readjustment issues and to conduct outreach to inform veterans and their families of the benefits and services that are available to them through the VA healthcare system. Peer support counselors are trained and overseen by VA and, as peers, are often able to communicate on a more personal and effective basis than nonveteran clinicians, particularly to veterans who may be hesitant to seek VA care due to stigma or other barriers. This bill is sponsored by Congressman MIKECOFFMAN of Colorado. I am grateful to Mike for his leadership on the committee and for sponsoring this bill to ensure that VA recruits a sufficient number of women veteran volunteers to support the need through the peer support counseling program. Mr. Speaker, I urge my colleagues to support H.R. 4635, as amended, and I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield myself such time as I may consume. Mr. Speaker, I rise in support of H.R. 4635, as amended, to increase the number of peertopeer counselors available to women veterans. Peertopeer counseling is meant to be sensitive to the specific culture of the military and how that culture affects veterans. It can be incredibly helpful to veterans who may not feel comfortable entering a more formal form of treatment, and for many women veterans, their most relatable peer will be a fellow woman. This bill would require VA to increase women veterans’ access to peer topeer counselors, thus ensuring all veterans can enjoy the benefit of this incredible form of therapy. 
Between this legislation and the other peer support measure recently passed in the VA MISSION Act, this body continues to underscore its commitment to expanding peer support at VA. I appreciate the hard work Mr. COFFMAN has put into this issue and look forward to supporting his efforts. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I yield 5 minutes to the gentleman from Colorado (Mr. COFFMAN ), my good friend and a senior member of the Veterans Affairs’ Committee. He is also both an Army and Marine veteran. Mr. COFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise in support of H.R. 4635, the Peer2– Peer Counseling Act. Currently, women veterans represent over 9 percent of our Nation’s veterans, and that number is expected to increase to 15 percent by the year 2030. As more women veterans utilize VA healthcare, it is critical for the VA to update and improve services for women veterans. One area that warrants our particular attention for improved services is VA mental health counseling services for women veterans. An alarming statistic from VA’s 2016 suicide data report noted that the ‘‘risk of suicide was 2.4 times higher among female veterans when compared with civilian adult females,’’ and it also noted ‘‘rates of suicide increased more among women than men in the same study.’’ Unfortunately, many women veterans have experienced sexual trauma and PTSD while serving in the military. Some women veterans are suffering from other mental health conditions from multiple combat tours of duty and are at risk of suicide and becoming homeless. The Peer2–Peer Counseling Act addresses these issues by requiring the Secretary of the VA to ensure a sufficient number of volunteer peer support counselors are available to facilitate peertopeer counseling and assist women veterans with genderspecific care and services. H.R. 4635 will increase access to vital mental health opportunities within the VA for women veterans. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting the Peer2–Peer Counseling Act to better serve the growing women veteran population. I urge my colleagues to join me in supporting H.R. 4635 to better meet the needs of the program and provide needed services to many more veterans. I will mention one other bill that just passed the House, H.R. 2147, the Veterans Treatment Court Improvement Act, which builds upon a very successful program that essentially provides VA liaisons or veteran justice outreach program officers within these veteran treatment courts that facilitate VA services, whether drug and alcohol, mental health, or other services, to veterans who would otherwise be incarcerated. They have fallen into the criminal justice system often related to their military service, posttraumatic stress disorder, and other mental health disorders, where they have problems adjusting from military life to civilian life. What this program does is provide rehabilitative services in court for our veterans. With the VA in support, it keeps these veterans at a very successful rate. I think in the 18th Judicial District in my congressional district, the veterans court has a 73 percent success rate in keeping these veterans out of the criminal justice system by providing VA rehabilitative services for them. I think an expansion of this program is so important. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleagues for having passed this bill unanimously just previously today. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I yield 3 minutes to the gentlewoman from Connecticut (Ms. ESTY), my good friend and the ranking member of the Subcommittee on Disability Assistance and Memorial Affairs. Ms. ESTY of Connecticut. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I rise today in support of H.R. 4635, the Peer2–Peer Counseling Act. I want to thank my friend and colleague, Mr. COFFMAN , for his leadership on this very important issue. The bill we are considering today will help ensure that our women veterans are fully equipped to transition back to civilian life. Women veterans are the single fastest growing group of veterans in America. They face many challenges unique to our women warriors. Women veterans need access to peer counselors who are trained in recovery from military sexual trauma, posttraumatic stress, and mental health conditions that they may be struggling with. I think it is also worth noting that women veterans are disproportionately juggling childcare, which complicates their ability to seek treatment elsewhere. They have special needs and experiences. Our women veterans should have the opportunity to receive the advice and counseling from someone who knows what they have been and are still going through as women warriors. We need to help ensure that they have the resources to succeed. The VA must also do more to help ensure that every veteran is able to benefit from peer support and has awareness and access to those services. That is why I am so pleased that this bill today requires the VA to conduct outreach to ensure that our women veterans know how to get access to this important and valuable assistance. Too often, I hear from veterans in my home State of Connecticut that they are simply unaware that these services are available. We may offer them through the VA, but if our veterans don’t know they are there, they aren’t going to get the benefits they deserve. In many cases, programs exist to help our women veterans, but the veterans don’t know they are there. Peer support counselors have been through a transition before. They understand what it takes, and they can be particularly effective in meeting the needs of our women warriors. With the fastest growing number of women in this country who are veterans, now nearly 2 million veterans in America—think about that, 2 million— we need to do better by them through the VA. This is an important peerto peer counseling support program. I am delighted that we came together as a committee with bipartisan support to support this bill. We are also urging other legislation named in honor of Deborah Sampson, the first woman to serve this country, to serve America in the Revolutionary War, who dressed as a man. It is important that we reassure today’s women in Active Duty and those transitioning out that we will take care of them and their families as they make that important transition to civilian life. They have earned our support in the military. We need to provide it to them as they transition out. Again, I want to thank my colleagues on the committee, the chairman and the ranking member, and Mr. COFFMAN  for their important work. I urge my colleagues to support this important legislation. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I reserve the balance of my time. Mr. TAKANO. Mr. Speaker, I ask that my colleagues join me in passing H.R. 4635, as amended, and I yield back the balance of my time. Mr. ROE of Tennessee. Mr. Speaker, I, too, encourage all Members to support this legislation, and I want to thank both sides of the aisle for bringing this forward. As a physician and a veteran, I can assure you, Mr. Speaker, that peerto peer counseling is the way to go. This legislation will help our female veterans. Mr. Speaker, I strongly encourage all Members to support this legislation, and I yield back the balance of my time. The SPEAKER pro tempore. The question is on the motion offered by the gentleman from Tennessee (Mr. ROE) that the House suspend the rules and pass the bill, H.R. 4635, as amended. The question was taken; and (two thirds being in the affirmative) the rules were suspended and the bill, as amended, was passed. A motion to reconsider was laid on the table. 
BRINGING PEACE TO THE KOREAN PENINSULA (Mr. MARSHALL asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Mr. MARSHALL. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to applaud the President’s efforts to bring peace to the Korean Peninsula. For almost seven decades, the United States and North Korea have been adversaries, but this week we witnessed a 
groundbreaking first step for both nations and global security as a whole. While much work remains to be done, the commitment to recover the remains of 7,802 American soldiers who were prisoners of war or missing in action during the Korean war deserves a special recognition. Bringing these fallen heroes home will give long overdue closure to the loved ones and families of those who made the ultimate sacrifice. We must deal firmly with North Korea while taking steps to ensure a brutal war is not repeated. 
b1700 NATIONAL MEN’S HEALTH WEEK (Mr. PAYNE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. PAYNE. Mr. Speaker, over the past 100 years, the life expectancy of men has declined in comparison with that of women. Women now live, on average, 5 years longer than men. There is a silent crisis of men’s health in America. To reverse the decline, we must be silent no more. Too often, men are foregoing routine health screenings, and they are dying because of it. Colon cancer, heart disease, high cholesterol, diabetes, all of these are treatable or even preventable, if you get screened. Screenings aren’t scary. They don’t hurt. This morning, my staff and I were screened by healthcare professionals on Capitol Hill with the Men’s Health Network. Knowledge is power, ladies and gentlemen, for my staff, for myself, and for our families. Just a few minutes ago, my fellow chairman of the Men’s Health Caucus, Congressman MULLIN of Oklahoma, joined me to introduce a resolution recognizing June 11 to 17 as National Men’s Health Week. I encourage each of you to join us on this resolution and help end the silent crisis of men’s health in America. 
RECOGNIZING THE MORRISVILLE STATE BREWING PROGRAM (Ms. TENNEY asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. TENNEY. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize the teaching brewery at Morrisville State College, which, despite opening just last fall, has won the title as Grand National Champion brewing school in North America at the 2018 U.S. Open College Beer Championship. The contest, open to any college or university offering brewing courses, is held to determine the best future brewers in North America. Morrisville State College currently offers the courses as electives but hopes to have a full curriculum for the fall of 2019, making Morrisville the first State university of New York with a 4year brewing program. Morrisville’s program fits right in with upstate New York, which has several wellknown breweries that bring jobs, creativity, and originality to the region, including the F.X. Matt Brewing Company, the fourth oldest family brewery in the United States; the Empire Brewing Factory in Cazenovia; and also the Cortland Farm Distillery and Brewery in Cortland, New York. Mr. Speaker, please join me in congratulating Morrisville State College on becoming the number one brewing school in North America their first time out. It took a lot of dedication from the students from Morrisville. I look forward to tasting some of their products as we move into the next semester. f 
HUMAN RIGHTS EMERGENCY (Mr. CARDENAS asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARDENAS. Mr. Speaker, right now we have a human rights emergency at our borders. ICE agents are ripping children from their mothers’ arms. These are babies as young as 11 months. They are holding these children in facilities that are so full that now Trump wants to build tent cities to house more children. There are reports of ICE agents telling parents that they are taking their child to give them a bath, and then the parents don’t see their baby again. Think about that: No notice. No due process. Just silent, cruel separation. This is happening on our American soil. This is the policy of the Trump administration. ICE has an $8 billion budget, and this is what our taxpayer dollars are buying: holding babies, cold and alone, in what are internment camps for little children. My fellow colleagues, we are not a country that follows a selfish, coldhearted dictator. We are the United States of America. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. 
RECOGNIZING PATROL OFFICER ANTHONY CHRISTIE (Mr. CARTER of Georgia asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. CARTER of Georgia. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to recognize Savannah, Georgia, Police Department Patrol Officer Anthony Christie, who lost his life in the line of duty on May 25 at the age of 37. He is remembered as a passionate person who was deeply devoted to his fellow officers and community while simply loving his job. Before joining the police force, Officer Christie served in the United States Navy, where he earned a number of accolades, including the Navy Good Conduct Medal and the Global War on Terror Service Medal. He carried this excellent work with him from the Navy over to the police force. In one mission, he rescued a child who was abducted and abandoned in the woods. His fellow officers always wanted to work with Officer Christie because of his calming presence and their respect for his work. Officer Christie’s passing is a reminder to us all of the danger officers must endure when they go to work to keep us and our families safe. I encourage everyone to thank our first responders on a daily basis, not only in the times when we need them the most. To Officer Christie and his family, we offer our deepest condolences. Thank you for your service. May God bless. f 
SCOTT PRUITT (Mr. HUFFMAN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. HUFFMAN. Mr. Speaker, the Trump administration is the most corrupt in our country’s long history. They are enriching themselves and rewarding special interests and campaign donors like nothing we have ever seen. If you need proof, look no further than our polluter in chief, Scott Pruitt. Every day brings another Pruitt bombshell. Just today, news broke that, last year, he enlisted a top EPA aide to ask big Republican donors to help his wife find a job, eventually securing her a position with a conservative political group, Judicial Crisis Network. We have learned about similar efforts involving Pruitt’s attempt to secure a ChickfilA franchise for his wife using EPA resources. He raised millions of dollars as attorney general of Oklahoma from oil, gas, and coal companies for his campaign. He chaired a darkmoney group that organized State challenges to clean water and clean air protections. He sued the EPA 14 times as Oklahoma AG to block public health protections while raking in campaign contributions from his polluter colitigants. He is facing more than 12 Federal investigations into his corruption, influence peddling, and waste of millions in taxpayer dollars on his lavish lifestyle. Mr. Speaker, in any other administration, at any other time, he would have been fired long ago. It is time for Pruitt to go, and it is time for Congress to do something about the toxic corruption in the Trump administration. 
THE IMPORTANCE OF C–SPAN (Mr. LAMALFA asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. LAMALFA. Mr. Speaker, recently, I was invited by a young friend, 
Tyler Nissen, at the Palermo Middle School in Palermo, California, to come address their class, the class belonging to Mr. Seth Davis. I spoke to the students about the importance of individual civic engagement in our Republic and all things in Congress. That is when it hit me: How does the public stay in touch with what we are doing here if they can’t be in the gallery or visit Washington, D.C.? It really occurs that C–SPAN is an important aspect for people to be in touch, that network whose entire purpose is to allow those watching at home to be able to do so, to be involved in what goes on in the inner workings of this town and this process in Congress. In the grand scheme of our whole country, it is actually fairly new, having begun in 1979. Today, nearly anyone can tune in or go online, on an internet connection, and be a part of the debate, thanks to the camera coverage we have in this room as well as in our committees. As a nonprofit, unedited, and uninterrupted channel for all things Congress, even the Presidential inauguration or State of the Union Address, C– SPAN is an integral part of our Republic. I hope more people will partake of that great tool like the students are at Palermo Middle School—and Tyler Nissen and his classmates—to be in touch with what goes on in their government. 
WHY ARE WE TAKING CHILDREN? (Ms. JACKSON LEE asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute.) Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, we are on the eve of Father’s Day. Fathers and mothers, their greatest gift, in their minds, are their children. Their greatest loves are their children. The greatest willingness to sacrifice their lives are for their children. Mr. Rodas asked the question: ‘‘Why are you taking him?’’ Mr. Rodas, an immigrant from Honduras, wanted nothing more than a better life for his wife and three children, and Edison was with him. In a policy that could be more wicked than evil, this administration, with no legal grounding, has begun to snatch children away from their fathers and their mothers. I know the policy. It was designed some years back for unaccompanied children. It was not designed for punishment, for taking children from parents who then do not know where they are and possibly the government not being able to find them. Why are we taking him from his father? Why are babies crying in the night? Because mothers are separated, because they have been snatched away at the border in my State, the State of Texas. We should cease and desist, Mr. Speaker. This is Father’s Day. Why are we taking children? The American people need to know, and the American people need to stand up. HONORING LISA ROMEROMUNIZ (Mr. KIHUEN asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend his remarks.) Mr. KIHUEN. Mr. Speaker, today I rise to remember the life of Lisa RomeroMuniz. Not only was Lisa the mother to her son, Anthony, but she was also known as a second mother to all the children she worked with. Lisa attended the Route 91 festival in Las Vegas on October 1. Lisa was a discipline secretary at Miyamura High School in Gallup, New Mexico. The students she worked with remember her as a woman who looked out for children dealing with personal issues and for never turning her back on a kid who needed help. Lisa would give anyone the last dime she had with no questions asked and would treat everyone like they were family. Lisa loved purses, Jason Aldean, and Las Vegas. She was always smiling, outgoing, kind, and considerate. Lisa is remembered as being incredibly generous and always wearing her heart on her sleeve. I would like to extend my condolences to Lisa RomeroMuniz’ family and friends. Please know that the city of Las Vegas, the State of Nevada, and the whole country grieves with you. f 
OPIOID CRISIS AND PHARMACEUTICAL COMPANIES (Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. Mr. Speaker, this is opioids week, yet we are not considering any bill that would rein in the pharmaceutical companies, whose greed caused and perpetuated the epidemic. Many of these companies have used unethical and illegal practices to generate recordsetting profits. They have bribed doctors, lied to patients about the effects of opioids, and ignored millions of illegally trafficked pills. Meanwhile, the costs of the epidemic fall on States, cities, counties, hospitals, courts, and local communities that do not have the resources to keep up. I have introduced legislation that would make pharmaceutical companies part of the solution by imposing a small 1cent fee on opioid production. The estimated $2 billion in revenue raised could be used to fund a variety of prevention, treatment, and research programs that would save countless lives. Mr. Speaker, it is time to finally hold these companies accountable for their role in the opioid epidemic and make them give back to the communities and families that have been destroyed. CRUEL ACTIVITY AT OUR BORDERS (Ms. FRANKEL of Florida asked and was given permission to address the House for 1 minute and to revise and extend her remarks.) Ms. FRANKEL of Florida. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today, not only as a Member of Congress but as a mother, to say that I am outraged, I am heartbroken, and I am embarrassed by the barbaric activity of our government on our borders. The Trump administration’s zerotolerance policy is cruelly ripping children from the arms of their mothers and their fathers at our borders. They are separating them for indefinite periods of time, often in unspeakable, unbearable facilities. We have seen a lot of ruthless actions from the Trump administration, but this is as bad as it gets. I call it governmentinflicted child abuse. I stand here committed, with likeminded citizens, millions of Americans across the country, condemning these actions and committed to keeping parents and children together when they come to the United States of America. f 
b1715 ESTABLISHING A FEDERATION OF FREEDOM The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from Oklahoma (Mr. RUSSELL ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the majority leader. Mr. RUSSELL. Mr. Speaker, this week, we saw major world leaders interfacing with the United States on topics covering the economy, diplomacy, and security engulfing the major hemispheres of the globe. Worldwide and domestic reaction suggests that no clear outcomes are perceivable. An uncertain and perhaps less secure future seems to loom. Consequently, Americans today are faced with many questions, some formulated by ourselves and some offered by our world neighbors. They ask: What is the role of the United States in the world? We ask: ‘‘What right do we have to take on that role? What responsibility would we shed if we took no leadership in global affairs? Our allies and even our enemies may be asking: What can we expect from the United States in the future? My own question would be this: How can the United States continue to be a force for good in the world? To answer these questions, we need to look no further than how we govern ourselves and what we even believe is the purpose of any government. What is the purpose of government? Simply put, it is to protect against evil, to execute justice against those committing wrong to others, to promote what benefits society, and to deter what harms it. 
When the United States was established, we held some basic truths to be selfevident, namely, all of us are created equal, and we have been endowed with certain inalienable rights. Among them are the right to life, the right to live free, and the right to pursue one’s happiness. We believe that governments are instituted to secure those rights, not take them away, and that the best form of government to do that would therefore be one that could only draw its power from the consent of the people, not by the people’s coercion or coercing them. Therein lies the insight that the world seeks on U.S. motivations, that the consistent role of the United States in foreign policy in the last century found our Nation in conflict with those that would use coercion, not only abusing their own people, but extending that abuse to others. In looking to the future, no single week of diplomacy, no statements of mixed signal, no amount or shift or heft can erase the fundamental nature of how Americans view our relations with each other and other nations. It is in our DNA, whether clouded by temporary setback or assertive advance. After World War I, when the entire system of governance of the most dominating power shifted from monarchies, nations struggled to find some form of governance for their own self determination. The competition between selfrule and authoritarianism saw the rise of Imperial Japan and their violation of human rights and the sovereignty of China, and that set the United States on a policy of economics, trade, and military defense that ultimately would place us in horrific conflict in the Pacific Coast. The rise of European dictators that swept the rights of man off the map of Europe compelled us to energize our entire industrial might and willpower to ensure their complete destruction. The realignment of governments of dominant nations into two spheres of thought after World War II meant that those that would govern themselves and enjoy the fruits of their labor and pursue happiness would come into direct conflict with those that would coerce their own people into centralized, socialist servitude in exchange for their security, for some respect, and a place on the world stage. Consequently, the United States found itself in conflict along these lines on the Korean Peninsula, in Southeast Asia, and in the Middle East. Upon examination of our policies in the last century, many have been hypercritical, suggesting that the United States somehow used its position and power to promote its own brand of coercion rather than to be a force for good in the world. Whether one holds a bias towards one view or the other, the answer can be found with these questions: Would the world have been better or worse economically and politically without our intervention into the defense of South Korea in 1950? Would the world be better off economically and politically without our collective security efforts in Europe and the formulation of NATO? Would the world be better off without our securing of the planet’s oceans for all the world to use in free trade and commerce? Would the world be better or worse economically and politically without our policy of the right of Taiwanese defense? Would the world be better or worse without our support to Columbia, our intervention in Kuwait and the Balkans as we closed the last century? These are questions to ponder, but as we examine what our economic and political map of the last century might look like if all of these nations were tipped in favor of coercive governments vice those of selfdetermination, one thing is clear: the actors promoting coercion rather than liberty appear much the same as we enter a new era. Our lines of conflict today are much as they have always been with nations that lack democratic rule, that show disregard for the rule of law, that fail to respect basic human rights, that violate intellectual and private property, that manipulate their economies, that restrict commerce, and that close their doors to cultural and educational exchange. So we find ourselves with old enemies in a new era, not always defined by particular nations, as governments shift and what were once bitter enemies 50 or 100 years ago are now vital partners and friends with us. But the old enemies will always be those against life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. While our enemies ideologically may be consistent, we would not always know it when examining our foreign policy and economic efforts in this century. For much of this century, under bipartisan administrations, we have experimented with the notion that we can somehow embrace those with a diametrically opposed form of governance and view of liberty and that our goodwill will somehow be reciprocated with their conversion to good behavior. So far, that path has led us to political and economic imbalance with lasting consequence. Worse, it may be placing us on a path of monumental conflict as enemies of liberty and selfdetermination use newfound resources to coerce global spheres beyond what the world ultimately will be willing to bear. The path to that conflict, though, is not inevitable, but it will take a strategic vision that is severely lacking in our Nation today. Rather than focus on sovereign states or regions of the globe to maintain our security, we need to embrace the idea of curbing enemies of liberty and their ability to extend their reach wherever they may be found. The task is not impossible. In fact, the ingredients of it are all around us, already identified by our practices rather than by our politics. What is needed is to articulate a longrange strategic vision, something rare in Washington, to promote life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. And here it is. Here is the vision: The answer lies in the collective efforts of the nations who have democratic, free, stable governance. What if the vast bulk of our trade were exclusively with those nations? What if the economic systems, to our mutual benefit, were intertwined exclusively with those nations? What if our information and innovation sharing were only with those countries? What if our militaries partnered in mutual security with these countries? Now, I know what you are thinking: Don’t we already have some of this? Ingredients, yes; a baked cake, no. We find ourselves still embracing those that would use their power to coerce rather than to promote, to thieve, to steal, to manipulate, and use our openness to advance their power, and we worry that our individual effort may not be enough to contain the dangers that lie ahead economically, diplomatically, or, worse, even militarily. And yet, if our discourse with other nations were to place the bad actors on the outside rather than on the inside, there is no collective effort that they could muster to withstand our combination. If we were to form a federation of freedom among the nokidding democratic nations of the world, we could simply do what our own individual governments do, but on a mutually benefitting scale: protect against evil, uphold justice against those committing wrong to others, promote what benefits society, and deter what harms it. Those standing against these principles would find themselves on the outside of trade, on the outside of diplomacy, on the outside of military security, and they would be unable to leverage our freedoms and use them against us. Ask yourself these questions: Is a superior economy better in the hands of those that would protect intellectual and physical property or with those who do not? Are diplomatic alliances better made with those that respect the rule of law and national sovereignty or with those who do not? Is the sharing of information better exchanged with those who use knowledge to promote good, empower, and entrust their own citizens with the freeflowing press or with those who use it to take away those things? Is superior military might better in the hands of those that promote the value of life and individual liberty, or is it better in the hands of those who do not? Is the existence of a collective superior strength better in the hands of partners using their force for good or in the hands of those who will use it to usurp, suppress, and oppress? The ingredients of a federation for freedom are all around us. Like it or 
not, the United States may be the only nation with the resources to lead such an effort as it accidently found itself in the last century. For those rejecting such a notion that America must lead, I am reminded of Obadiah 11, where it says: ‘‘On the day you stood aloof . . . you became as one of them.’’ We can no more abrogate our mantle of leadership of the free world than the free world can wish for a global construct absent American security and economy. What remains is to ditch the notion that the United States is somehow a force for bad in the world and that we need to recede our position. We must ditch the notion that the United States violates human rights rather than is foremost in securing human rights globally, and we must abandon the premise that we have no right to lead on the ideals with which we have governed ourselves since 1789. We know no other path. It is in our DNA. If the United States were to lead and form a federation of freedom, we would have the commercial development to create competitive markets and unite in mutually beneficial innovative advancements. We would have the diplomatic strength to unite on human rights. We would have the ability to promote underdeveloped nations with the skills and structure necessary through our cultural exchanges and our institutions of higher learning, while exchanging the same through our partners. We would have the collective strength to protect shipping lanes and ward off those wishing to usurp free trade or pirate the commerce as it passes by, and we would have the collective strength to withstand the most active of coercive actors. We would be a beacon for those wishing to find their way into such a federation rather than falling subject to coercive friends and neighbors wishing to enslave others into an authoritarian future. b1730 What of the federation? What would these nations look like. How about this: 7 of the G7; 16 of the G20, and 75 nations, whose democratic index places them high enough on the list to maintain a government ruled by their own people as they secure their liberty. A federation of freedom nations would have this in common: free elections, respect for the rule of law, basic human rights, stable economics, a free economy united in free trade among federation members, protections for intellectual and private property, and open arms for cultural and educational exchange. The good news is much of this exists, it is just not organized and it is not led. To our authoritarian competitors, or worse, the pariah states of the globe, here is a simple truth: History has shown that our historical enemies do not have to be our future enemies. However, one thing is certain: Our future enemies will continue to be those that are opposite of the ideals that formed our American mindset for freedom and liberty, whether we want to recognize that as the American people or not. So to the American people, I urge you to call on this Congress to support such a federation. To the President, I say, Mr. President, this could not only be your moment, but it could be what the freedomloving people of the world hope you would be in a leader. Organize and lead such a federation. The concept is simple; its execution most difficult. Its reward: prosperity and security on a grand scale. And let the world be assured, despite mixed signals, spurtive advancements or setbacks, the habits of the American people still offer hope because of how we govern ourselves. To our enemies, that hope should also offer warning. Let us, therefore, embark with such democratic likeminded nations to secure such a federation. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
TEARING IMMIGRANT CHILDREN AWAY FROM THEIR PARENTS The SPEAKER pro tempore. Under the Speaker’s announced policy of January 3, 2017, the gentleman from California (Mr. CORREA ) is recognized for 60 minutes as the designee of the minority leader. 
Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I ask unanimous consent that all Members have 5 legislative days to revise and extend their remarks and include extraneous material on the subject matter of my Special Order. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Is there objection to the request of the gentleman from California? There was no objection. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to address this body on a very important issue that we need to bring to the attention of the people of this country. I am proud to have so many of my colleagues here today to stand up against the President’s policy of systematically tearing immigrant children away from their families. These innocent children are being held under inhumane conditions at detention facilities, alone and apart from their parents. President Trump’s chief of staff, General Kelly, recently, when asked about this, said: 
The children will be taken care of, put into foster care, or whatever. 
This is an unacceptable answer. The administration is tearing children away from their parents, including infants and toddlers, and in some cases, holding these children in cages. The United Nations has noted that children arriving at the U.S. border who plead for asylum with their parents is a legal form of entry, and separating children away from their parents is illegal and a violation of human rights. These immoral practices are being executed by the Department of Justice and the Department of Homeland Security, to instill fear and deter families, who are already fleeing extreme fear and violence in their native homes. They are trying to, again, deter them from seeking legal protection in America. For example, from October 2017 to April 2018, 700 children were separated. But in just the first 13 days of May of this year, 2018, 658 children were separated, which almost equals the previous 6 months. Children are literally being ripped from their mothers’ arms, who are simply seeking safety for their families. And immorally, the administration is breaking up families, plain and simple. Asylum seekers should not be held hostage and penalized for wanting to be protected from harm. This new policy is clearly unprecedented, cruel, and altogether dead wrong. It is imperative that we stand up against the administration’s un American policies towards families. Today, my colleagues and I are standing up against this barbaric action and demand the administration stop punishing children and stop punishing families who are fearing for their lives. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from California (Ms. LOFGREN ), my good friend and distinguished colleague. Ms. LOFGREN. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. CORREA for yielding, and I thank him for organizing this Special Order. It is a part of immigration law—it is not a violation of immigration law, it is a part of immigration law—that people fleeing for their lives can come to the United States and apply for asylum. Not only is that in our statutes, but it is also in a treaty that we ratified. People concerned about the rule of law ought to realize this is part of our law. Here is what is happening. People fleeing for their lives, primarily from Central America, are going to the ports of entry. In some cases, we have received reports that they make their claim and their children are taken away from them, I believe in violation of law. In other cases, even though they are there to make an application, they are turned away by Border Patrol. They then go down the road and find a Border Patrol agent to turn themselves in to, to make their claim for political asylum. And when that happens, their children are then taken away from them. Mr. Speaker, there is a report today from the Department of Health and Human Services, which says that since this policy was adopted by the Trump administration, 1,329 kids have been taken from their parents in this cruel policy. I think that this is not the American way. 
Mr. Speaker, I saw a report from CNN today. Here is what it says: ‘‘The undocumented immigrant from Honduras sobbed as she told an attorney Tuesday how Federal authorities took her daughter while she breastfed the child in a detention center . . . when the woman resisted, she was handcuffed. . . .’’ The Catholic church has spoken out again today from CNN, and this is what Cardinal DiNardo said: 
Families are the foundational element of our society and they must be able to stay together. While protecting our borders is important, we can and must do better as a government, and as a society, to find other ways to ensure that safety. Separating babies from their mothers is not the answer and is immoral. 
We are here today to say: America, we need to take a stand. The President and his administration has decided to terrorize children in an effort to deter people from availing themselves of the opportunity provided for under immigration law. That is simply wrong. America, now is the time to be heard. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from California for those remarks. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. COSTA ), my good friend and distinguished colleague. Mr. COSTA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I join with my colleagues this afternoon on what is, I think, a very important issue facing our country today, and that is remembering what our common shared values are all about: a Nation of immigrants, past and present. Mr. Speaker, I am deeply disturbed, as is my colleague, Congressman CORREA , and others that are here, by the administration’s current policy, which we believe tears families apart who are seeking asylum at our borders. That is simply not the American way. These are parents and children fleeing to America, coming here via legal means, seeking refuge for a host of different reasons. And what happens to them now? Children, including infants and toddlers, are taken from their parents’ care, and sent to shelters, which we now know are sometimes juvenile detention centers. That is not right. That is not the American way. The parents are sent to detention facilities as well, which may be in the form of Federal prisons. At America’s borders, this is happening to families; families who, again, are legally seeking asylum. We have had a whole history and tradition of allowing families who are seeking legal asylum. And what are they fleeing? Well, we know what they are fleeing: domestic violence, rape, murder, and gang violence. If that is not traumatizing enough, now we are talking about separating them and detaining them, and we are not even beginning to consider the sort of natural disasters that have afflicted neighbors of ours. This is an outrageous policy. I think it is morally disgusting and unAmerican. We are not a nation in terms of our shared values that tears families apart. We never have been. The American family is the foundation of our country. We are not a nation that systematically uses fear and the threat of detention to scare immigrants from trying to legally enter this country and build a better life for themselves and their families for what they might be fleeing. Yes, no one disputes that we need to secure our borders. We must ensure the safety of our Nation. That is our highest priority. We must prevent those who want to do harm to us from entering, whether we are talking about transnational gangs who are engaged in drug trafficking, or in sex trafficking, or in other illegal activities that devastate our communities. We all agree on that. I have consistently voted for improved border security funding and policies. But ripping these families apart like this is not securing our borders. For over a decade, I have been calling for comprehensive immigration reform that includes border security that fixes our broken immigration system, and does it in a way that is fair, just, and works. We had such a proposal in 2013 that the Senate passed 68–32. Sadly, we could not bring it up. It was a bipartisan measure. If we had a strong and comprehensive functioning immigration system, there would be no chance for these disgusting policies to occur, as they are now today. In closing, I stand here today calling on Congress to move on immigration reform, comprehensive immigration reform, that is bipartisan. Let’s put an end to these immoral, cruel, and un American policies. If we can’t do that, then let’s just try to bring a clean Dream Act to the floor. I guess we will see what comes next week, in terms of what is being proposed. Mr. Speaker, I stand here today for families who are being ripped apart at the borders, for immigrants past and immigrants present, for let us never forget America is a Nation for over 240 years that has been made up of immigrants from all around the world. For the future, and the soul of our country, I ask that we come together and fix this broken immigration system. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from California for his comments. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Wisconsin (Ms. MOORE ), my distinguished colleague. Ms. MOORE. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding. Mr. Speaker, I just want to point out that the United Nations has called this heartless act of separating children from their parents as ‘‘unlawful . . . and a serious violation of the rights of the child.’’ The American Academy of Pediatrics has stated that such separation can cause irreparable harm, disrupting a child’s development and affecting his or her health. I just want to say that many of my colleagues today have indicated that this is not who we are. b1745 They have asked what I think is a rhetorical question, Mr. CORREA . They have asked: Who are we? Well, I can tell you who we are through the agency of our head of state. We are people who have embraced the President of the Philippines who kills people who are accused of drug trafficking. Through the agency of our head of state, we are people who have embraced cruel dictators like Vladimir Putin who invaded a country. Through the agency of our head of state, we have asked to readmit Putin into the G7, making it the G8. Through the agency of our head of state, we have declared that Kim Jongun is to be admired, that he is smart, that he is a good negotiator. Who we are, are people who are silent. We are quiet. So why are we asking ourselves who we are? This is who we are, and this is our watch, and the world is watching us. They are watching us be silent and say nothing. Who are we? We are people who have determined that Canada is an enemy of the state. We are people who are standing by while our Government, the United States of America, is violating international human rights law. That is who we are. Until we face the reality of who we are, we can’t fix this. I could not have, 2 years ago, ever predicted that the United States would behave in this manner. This is a horrific practice. The demand is for all Americans to rise up against this, and especially those Americans who have been endowed with the privilege of representing the peoples of the United States of America, especially those people who are in leadership in this body. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from Wisconsin, and I completely agree with her. We cannot be silent in these very challenging times. The whole world is upside down, and people are counting on us to make sure that we remind people of what is going on in Washington. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. GONZALEZ ), my good friend and distinguished colleague. Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to remind the American people of the quick phrase that was recently used by the current administration: ‘‘It’s not our fault.’’ It is not our fault. Really? That is that sentiment of our U.S. Attorney General who deflected the responsibility for a zerotolerance policy that allows the separation of children from their parents. 
In the month of May, this evil new policy led to the separation of more than 600 children in a short 13day span. Have we lost all our human decency? We are a Nation of laws. How can you explain family separation when it comes to asylum seekers? They have not crossed the border illegally, and yet they are being detained and their families separated as if they were here illegally. This is a clear attack on immigrants who have exhausted every last resource to seek refuge in the Nation that once welcomed the tired, the poor, and huddled masses yearning to breathe free. Have we forgotten the words spoken by Mark 12:31 to love thy neighbor as thyself? Is our new message to blame others and not take responsibility? I think it is important to consider the possible logistical challenges before implementing such policies. Perhaps instead of calling for zero tolerance first, you put prosecutors in place and facilities to house folks in a humane manner. Instead, we asked the U.S. Department of Justice to lend us their lawyers and to rent out vacant Walmart stores. I have no illusions about what the U.S. Department of Homeland Security and Health and Human Services are hiding behind those curtains. We have to remember that these immigrant families are not committing dangerous crimes. Asylum seekers are not criminals and are not here illegally. I represent an area along the border where crime is at record lows, yet the administration keeps saying the opposite. I believe our local officers and local courts and local judges and prosecutors in both State and Federal courts in my region. I believe them when they tell me what the crime rate is, what is happening in our communities. Right now, the only increased criminal activity I see is the egregious method of ripping families apart and herding immigrant children into a broken system. This is not the America the world knows and loves. This is a shameful period in our history, and we in this body have the responsibility to correct it. Mr. Speaker, if any of these frightened, innocent children ask a Member of this House why they are being separated from their families, we cannot merely say: It is not our fault. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentleman from Texas, and I have to say, when we talk about ‘‘it’s not our fault,’’ let’s remember Central American violence, gang violence, drugs, gangs. What fuels it? Our insatiable appetite in the United States for drugs. Our dollars that go into Central America, this is what fuels the violence. These children, these families, when they come of age, MS–13, whom the President talks about very often, tells these families: ‘‘Either your children join the gang or they die.’’ These parents make a third choice, which is to flee, to escape violence, and to seek asylum in America. It is not our fault? Those are our dollars that are fueling that violence. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ), my good friend and distinguished colleague. Mr. PETERS. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. CORREA for his leadership in putting together this Special Order. I know this shocks us all, what is happening at the border, because in our country, family is an institution. It shapes every aspect of our lives. If you just listen to Ronald Reagan, who painted a wonderful picture of what family means in America, he said: ‘‘The family has always been the cornerstone of American society. Our families nurture, preserve, and pass on to each succeeding generation the values we share and cherish, values that are the foundation of our freedoms.’’ That is Ronald Reagan talking about the family as an American institution. Today, family, that concept, is being torn apart and challenged at our own borders. Screaming children are being ripped from their parents’ arms. These parents are fleeing government violence, domestic violence, religious persecution. They follow generations of people who came to America seeking a better life. Remember that America was founded by people fleeing religious persecution in Europe. We know the story all too well about what is happening at the border in San Diego where, last week, Dana Sabraw, a Federal judge appointed by George W. Bush, refused to dismiss a lawsuit challenging family separation. The lawsuit involved a Congolese woman and her 7 yearold daughter who were separated at the San Ysidro border crossing after applying for asylum. As The New York Times described, the girl ‘‘was taken away ‘screaming and crying, pleading with guards not to take her from her mother,’’’ and then she was sent to Chicago, thousands of miles away. They didn’t see each other for 4 months. This is common practice. After children are taken from their parents, many parents don’t have any idea where they went, who is taking care of them, or how to reach them. Now, this mother and her child were reunited, but only after a legal challenge and a DNA test. This mother was looking for the life all parents try to provide their children: one of security and comfort, one of hope, one of opportunity. We don’t know the exact number of children who have been separated from their parents, but we do know that just one is unacceptable when their parents were just trying to give them a better life. It is also potentially unconstitutional, because I know people in this Chamber still care about that. In his opinion, Judge Sabraw said that family separation ‘‘arbitrarily tears at the sacred bond between parent and child. Such conduct . . . is brutal, offensive, and fails to comport with traditional notions of fair play and decency.’’ He also reiterated these same constitutional rights are guaranteed to the noncitizens who come to our borders and ask us for asylum. The American Psychological Association called on the Trump administration to stop this cruel practice, citing increased anxiety, depression, psychological distress, and developmental disruptions in children who are separated from their parents. But as parents, we don’t need the American Psychological Association to tell us that. Imagine it is you and your children. Imagine how you would feel if you were trying to take care of your kids and had one torn away from you. We had one account of a woman nursing her baby. The baby girl was ripped from her arms while she was breast feeding at a detention center. How many children will have to suffer before we have to say, ‘‘No more’’? Thankfully, we can do something here. We will not admit every family who comes and asks for our protection. We understand they don’t all met the criteria for asylum. But while they wait for a decision on their application, we can treat these families with respect and dignity that demonstrates American values to the rest of the world. Tearing families apart as an immigration deterrent is repulsive, and it is not us. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague, Mr. CORREA , for his leadership and for holding this conversation on this important topic. It shocks the conscience. I hear all the time from my constituents who are horrified by this. We need to stop this. We will continue to come back and speak up if we have to, but this needs to end. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. CORREA  once again for holding this hour. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my distinguished colleague, the gentleman from California (Mr. PETERS ), and I also want to thank him for citing President Reagan’s name in his comments, President Reagan from the good State of California, my home. Governor Reagan of the State of California, he understood family; he protected families; and President Reagan passed immigration reform in the United States. Thank you, President Reagan. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from New York (Mrs. CAROLYN  B. MALONEY ), my good friend and distinguished colleague. Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for yielding and for his leadership, and for organizing this and for reminding us of the leadership that the Republican Party took under President Reagan for comprehensive immigration reform, which we have all been calling for for years. 
Today, I rise because I believe our country is in a moment of crisis. This administration is turning its back on our ideals, our values, and our history as a safe harbor and beacon of light for the world’s oppressed and threatened peoples. President Trump’s heartless policy of ripping apart families who are coming to the United States seeking freedom from fear, from violence, is cruel, inhumane, and blatantly unAmerican. These families have traveled hundreds, if not thousands, of miles to keep their children safe and away from the harm that awaits them at home. No one takes that journey lightly. No one leaves behind the only home they have known, their friends, their extended family, if they have any other choice. Yet, instead of accepting these refugees with compassion, this administration is persecuting and prosecuting those fleeing danger, taking babies from their mothers’ and fathers’ arms, causing great trauma. There is absolutely no justification for this policy. It is cruelty for cruelty’s sake. This is not who we are as a Nation. It is why I have joined Ranking Member CUMMINGS to demand an Oversight and Government Reform hearing on this reckless policy, and why I have signed on to a resolution condemning this horrific behavior as the child abuse that it is, and why I am joining the Women’s Caucus next week at a shadow hearing, because we have requested a hearing from the Republican majority, and they have not granted it, so we are having our own hearing to explore this issue more. The administration needs to immediately change course, and every Member of Congress must hold it accountable for doing so. These children, these families, and this country deserve so much better. Mr. Speaker, I again thank my good friend, Representative CORREA , for hosting this Special Order, for his leadership, and for allowing me to participate in this Special Order this evening. b1800 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the distinguished gentlewoman from New York for her comments. I yield to the gentleman from Rhode Island (Mr. CICILLINE ), my good friend and distinguished colleague. Mr. CICILLINE. Mr. Speaker, America has a long and wonderful tradition of welcoming people from all over the world who are fleeing violence and famine and war and repression. It is, in fact, one of the founding values of our country, and the words on the Statue of Liberty remind us of that: 
Give me your tired, your poor, Your huddled masses yearning to breathe free, The wretched refuse of your teeming shore. Send these, the homeless, tempesttossed to me. I lift my lamp beside the golden door. 
What we are here tonight to do, Mr. Speaker, is to raise our voices and be sure the American people understand what is underway in our country. The Trump administration has put forth a program they call zero tolerance. And just to explain what this means, people who are fleeing gang violence, persecution, incredible deprivation, domestic violence, travel a long distance, come to America for the hope of being safe. We have laws in this country that say if, in fact, you are legitimately fleeing violence or persecution and you can demonstrate that, you are eligible for something called asylum. It is an international requirement. It is in our law. This is a lawful process. They come to America, to the golden door. And what is happening now in this country, parents are being ripped from their children, separated, mothers hearing their children in another room crying out their names, pleading for their mothers, and there is nothing they can do because they are being detained. Is this who we are? This is not what we expect of the greatest democracy in the world. It is not only against the law, it is not only in violation of international obligations, imagine, the United States is being condemned by the United Nations High Commissioner on Refugees and Human Rights because of this conduct. It has been described as torture of children, torture being defined as an act by which severe pain or suffering, whether physical or mental, is intentionally inflicted on a person for such purposes as punishing him or her for an act he or she or a third person has committed. This is torture on kids, to rip them from their parents. And we, today, in the Judiciary Committee pleaded with the chairman: Bring this matter before the Judiciary. We have oversight responsibility for this process. We have a right to know what is going on. But we had a hearing today on a Texas water district issue, a permit issue, but we couldn’t find time to bring the officials responsible for this before our committee. This is a practice which does violence to children, which is tearing families apart, and for which there is no legal justification. And we have pleaded with our colleagues on the other side of the aisle: Raise your voices. The world is watching America in this moment, and we are undermining our standing in the world, the values that we promote around the world, and we are particularly doing tremendous damage to these children and families that are being separated. We have asylum laws for a reason. Those have been enacted by the Congress of the United States, and they should be respected by these officials in the Department of Homeland Security and ICE and by the Attorney General of the United States. It is hard to describe the heartache and the pain and the suffering that this illegal, unconstitutional, despicable policy is causing; and our colleagues, my friends on the other side of the aisle, have not so much as raised a peep. They are responsible in their silence for the continuation of this program. We will continue to raise our voices to do everything that we can to bring the attention of the American people to this travesty because, only by the American people contacting their Members of Congress, demanding that this policy change, speaking out against this horrific brutality that is occurring in detention facilities all across this country—this does not reflect the values of our country. It does not reflect our shared values of respecting the human dignity of every person, of this special place that children have and the special responsibility that we have for children. We have a responsibility to do something about it, to stop this, to bring the Attorney General before the Congress of the United States, to hold him accountable for this horrific behavior and, once again, demonstrate to the world that we are a country that lifts people up, that respects human rights, that honors children, and that demonstrates a commitment to family values. This zero tolerance policy does violence to all of that. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman for giving me an opportunity to be heard. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Texas (Mr. O’ROURKE ), my good friend and distinguished colleague. Mr. O’ROURKE. Mr. Speaker, on Monday of this week, I was in McAllen, Texas, a beautiful community comprised of some incredibly courageous, strong, kindhearted people in the Rio Grande Valley in the State of Texas, connected by the Rio Grande River to Reynosa, Mexico, forming one of these extraordinary binational communities that distinguish our connection with Mexico with the State of Texas for the United States of America. I was able to visit the Border Patrol station in McAllen, Texas, which is the busiest Border Patrol station in the country. I happened to be there during the busiest shift during that day in that busy station, and I was able to spend some time with the amazing women and men of the Border Patrol, who have one of the toughest jobs that I can imagine: keeping our country safe, protecting our communities and the families within our communities, and meeting those who are at their most desperate, most vulnerable moment in their lives, people who have fled terror and violence, death and deprivation in their countries to come to ours, to seek asylum, to seek safety, to seek refuge. In that Border Patrol station I had the ability to meet a family, a young mother and her young child, who had fled Honduras and had traveled more 
than 2,000 miles to come to this country. And because they presented themselves to Border Patrol agents, didn’t try to flee from them, went to those Border Patrol agents seeking asylum in between the ports of entry and didn’t do it at the international bridge, didn’t do it at the port of entry, that young mother and her child were arrested. They were being held in that cell comprised of cinder blocks, sitting on a hard concrete bench with a number of other mothers and young children, had just been arrested within the last 24 hours and were about to go to the Border Patrol Processing Center. Through tears, that young mother was able to tell me about her journey. When I asked her why she didn’t choose to cross at the port of entry, where she could have lawfully petitioned for asylum, she said: ‘‘I was scared.’’ She didn’t know where to cross. And, frankly, those crossing areas in Reynosa on the Mexican side of the U.S.Mexico border are controlled by the cartels. The cartels determined where she and her 7yearold daughter were going to cross. Not lost on me was the fact that her daughter was gripping her mother’s hand for dear life, as I imagine she had been for the last 3 weeks when they made that 2,000mile journey, where, if they were lucky, they made it on foot. They also made it atop, not inside of, a train, known as La Bestia, or the Beast, and where they were fortunate enough to survive that journey and come to our front door of the United States at the TexasMexico border, and where she was arrested and, unbeknownst to her and to that little girl who was clutching her hand, they would, within hours, be separated and might not know when they would be joined again, if ever. One hundred percent of the young women and men who travel with those young children in between our ports of entry are arrested, are detained, imprisoned, jailed in those Border Patrol stations, where they next go to the next place that I went to in McAllen, which was the Border Patrol processing center, a gigantic warehouse, where I saw the children who had just been separated from their moms and dads behind cyclone fencing, sleeping on polished concrete floors with a mattress 5 or 6 inches thick directly on the ground, Mylar blankets keeping them warm, again, with Border Patrol agents who were as humane and professional as possible, given the circumstances and the conditions. Men separated in other holding pods, women behind cyclone fences in other holding pods. There was another cyclonefenced area open for public view where you went to the bathroom and where we had to be able to see your head or your feet. Those are the processes and procedures and the laws under which those people are being held. After that, I went to the international bridge at Reynosa and, on the Mexican side, was able to talk to three different people who were seeking asylum. Two of them had made the trip from Guatemala. When they got to Reynosa, they were kidnapped by cartels, held for 12 days, without clothes, without access to the outside world, with the exception of being able to make calls to family members who could cough up the $7,500 that would purchase their freedom, allow them to leave captivity and make their way to the international bridge, literally 10 feet away from the international line and the United States of America, where, if they could step foot on our soil, they would be able to lawfully petition for asylum. But standing there were four officers of Customs and Border Protection who would not let them pass, who told them we do not have capacity within our country and, therefore, they could not lawfully petition for asylum, therefore, perversely providing the incentive for them to try to cross in between the ports of entry illegally, where they will be arrested, criminally prosecuted, and sent back to countries from which they are fleeing certain death. After that, I went to a detention center run by a private prison corporation, where I met a man who had left his home country with his 12yearold daughter, whom he has not seen for the last 5 days. And in between 4inch thick Plexiglass, behind which I could barely hear what he was saying, he told me about the horrific journey that he had endured. He took off his shirt and showed me the bullet wounds that he had suffered that had caused him to make the desperate decision to leave his family, his home country, his language, whatever he knew in life, and take that 12year old girl and try to bring her to safety. Again, just as with that mother, he was arrested. He now was in criminal proceedings. He would now be moved to Immigration and Customs Enforcement’s Enforcement Removal Operations, ERO facility, where he would be sent back to his country of origin; and he had no clue where that 12yearold girl that he had risked everything for was at that moment. Thank God for Rochelle Garza, his pro bono attorney, next to whom I was sitting, who was doing everything in her power to provide him the strength, reminding him to keep his faith and saying that she was going to do everything in her effort, in her power to track down that 12yearold girl. Mr. Speaker, who are we to be doing this right now? I know that every single one of us, to a person, if we were standing here in this Chamber in 1939 when this country was sending back the St. Louis, which had set sail on May 13, 1939, from Hamburg, Germany, with more than 900 German Jewish refugees, including children, that all of us, to a person, would like to say, if I were here, I would have made the case to accept the St. Louis and those 900 passengers and make sure that they could find refuge and asylum in this country. Instead, this country chose not to, and we sent that ship back to Europe, where more than 250 of those 900 passengers would be slaughtered in the Holocaust. This is our opportunity to do the right thing. We will be judged by our conscience, by our children, and by history. This is our moment of truth. So I join my friend from California, with every Member in this Chamber, Republican and Democrat, in calling upon ourselves, our country, to do the right thing at the moment that we still have the chance to do the right thing. Tomorrow, legislation will be introduced to end the practice of family separation. As an original cosponsor of this bill, I am calling on my colleagues to rush the decision, the debate, and to pass this overwhelmingly so that we can send it to the Senate and, ultimately, to the President’s desk for his signature and do the right thing while we still have the chance to do that. b1815 Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank the gentleman for his comments, and I think he is absolutely correct. History is going to judge us, and we are going to look back years from now and say: What did we do? We have to make sure we are not silent in this very special moment in our history. I thank the gentleman for coming. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentleman from Washington (Mr. SMITH), my good friend. Mr. SMITH of Washington. Mr. Speaker, I appreciate the opportunity to speak on this very important issue. I just want to echo the comments of my colleagues about the basic inhumanity the policy the Trump administration is perpetrating on these people who are trying to cross the border in order to seek asylum, in order to flee violence and absolutely unlivable conditions in a variety of countries in Latin America. To have a policy of separating them from their children is inhumane and goes against every basic value that we, as Americans, hold dear. The terrible thing about it is, if you listen to the Trump administration, that seems to be the idea. Their notion is to make it as painful as possible, to discourage these people from wanting to seek refuge in the United States. Think about how that policy just flips on its head everything that we were raised to believe about America. One of the things that makes America great is we are made up of people from all over the world, in many cases, those who have fled horrific living conditions, to come here and build a better life for them and their families. That has made us all better. Our country is stronger because we are renewed every generation by a new set of immigrants from a variety of places across the world. The Trump administration is the first administration in the history of 
this country to be openly, 100 percent hostile to all immigrants. They are trying to make the policy as brutal as possible, because they don’t understand the benefit of immigration. They seem to think that it is hurting us when it is not. So they are wrong on that policy and it is a very simple policy to fix. In fact, it is interesting. We have heard the President on a couple of occasions in the last month say: Oh, not my policy. It is because of some law that Congress passed. It is possible that he is that ignorant. I doubt it. I actually think that he is simply not telling the truth to the American people about a policy that his own Attorney General has stated clearly. So President Trump, if you are as appalled as you said you were on a couple of occasions by this policy, you are the President. Fix it. Change it. Stop it. In my district at a Federal penitentiary in SeaTac that is supposed to be for the most dangerous criminals that have committed Federal crimes in the country, there are housed well over 150 women right now, many of whom have been separated from their children when they crossed the border. There is a simple fix to this process. As previous speakers, including Mr. O’ROURKE , have said, we have an asylum process in this country. There is a standard by which people can seek asylum and it can be granted or not. We should allow these people coming across this border to go through that asylum process. This notion that we don’t have room is patently ridiculous. Even at this point, we have all kinds of jobs going on unfilled in this country. But beyond that, our basic humanity should say: these people are suffering. We have a law that says we should protect them. Follow that law. And also, in terms housing them, there are more people than I can count, more nonprofit organizations, more religious organizations, volunteer organizations, who have said: We will gladly take in these immigrants while they await their asylum here. There is a very simple solution to this. We don’t have to put them in the horrible barracks that Mr. O’ROURKE  described a few minutes ago. There are people who will take them, keep them while they go through the process. It is very simple. Stop the policy of separating children from their mothers and fathers. It is wrong. It is inhumane. It is grossly unnecessary. They come across the border. We have got a process. Keep them with their families. Take advantage of the resources that are available out there in the private sector to find them a place to stay with their families together, and go through the asylum process. Now, I understand the asylum process. Not everybody is going to qualify for asylum, and it is possible that some of these people are going to have to be sent back to their home country. But at a minimum, we can make sure that when they stay here, they stay together as a family, and if they are allowed to stay, they stay together as a family. If they don’t get granted asylum, then they go back as a family. To separate families—and I want to emphasize this last point before I finish—when you listen to the Attorney General, when you listen to the administration, they are doing this because it is cruel, because they are so opposed to immigration that they want to try to discourage people. And that is just a sad commentary on what the United States has become under this President. We should do the humane thing. Keep families together. Give them their day in court, their day to prove that they qualify for asylum, and then you can make the decision from there. But don’t rip children out of the hands of families. It is something that the United States of America should never do. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague from California, Mr. CORREA , for holding this hour, and I thank him for giving me the opportunity to say a few words. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank the gentleman, Mr. ADAM SMITH, very much for coming over and sharing his thoughts. It is very important. Again, we cannot forget. Mr. Speaker, I yield to the gentlewoman from Texas (Ms. JACKSON LEE), my good friend and distinguished colleague from the good State of Texas. Ms. JACKSON LEE. Mr. Speaker, I thank Mr. CORREA from the great State of California for taking the time to really allow those of us who are in pain to express that pain. I know that my colleagues, each one of them—as we say sometimes in our religious institutions—have come in their own way. I come in a series of ways. One, as a yearslong member of the Immigration and Border Security Subcommittee of the House Judiciary Committee. Being present when we designed a policy for unaccompanied children to be protected and to get to their rightful guardian and not go into the hands of sex traffickers. That was, in fact, a stated policy of the United States for unaccompanied children. And in many ways it happens. In the last 4 or 5 years I was at the border when the surge of unaccompanied children came because of the violence, particularly in Central America. These children came. We knew they were coming, and we had standup facilities run by nuns and other religious organizations to take unaccompanied children until a legitimate legal guardian in the United States could be documented, or some other legitimate family documented. When I say, documented, documented that they were able to take the child and that they were legal to the extent that they were not human traffickers. That is what policies we had. There is no policy. There is no regulation. There is no statute. There is no law. There is no law that is allowing the personnel at the border, customs—particularly Border Patrol—to snatch, rip, and tear children away from their family. And if the distinguished gentleman from California would allow me, I want this to be a call to action because there is a legal process or legislative process. As my previous colleagues have said, many of us are introducing legislation. This past weekend I stood with Guatemalan citizens, people of Guatemalan descent, and we know for fact that 1 million people have been displaced in Guatemala because of the volcano. And I just have to say, they will be fleeing, many of them. We also know that people have come because they have suffered unbelievable, unspeakable gang violence: the decapitating of heads, the murder of children. One mother saw two sons murdered and she took the last child, boy child, to try to find refuge. There are stories like this all over. And so what is happening at the border is a nonpolicy that is done only for the vileness of punishment. We will punish these people and they will not come anymore. As we are on the brink of Father’s Day. For those who read the Scriptures, they know the story of Moses. Sometimes a parent is so desperate that they will either escape with that child or they will send that child on. And America has always been a place that has found a regular order to deal with this crisis. That is not what is happening, and the American people need to understand. The courts are overloaded. There are not enough immigration judges. There are not enough lawyers. They are taking into court 50 and 70 people at a time. There are some people who are not speaking Spanish. They are speaking an indigenous language, and they do not understand at all, except they have come with the right that they have—and the legal term is ‘‘credible fear’’—they have come to seek asylum. And we have for long precedent allowed those who have experienced domestic violence—the stories are horrific—or those who have been the victim of gangs to come, and that is not happening now. So I just want to hold up these pictures that show the anguish of parents who could be like any one of us. The anguish of the father, Mr. Rodas, whose 5yearold was snatched from him; the anguish of parents who desire to do nothing but to help their child or themselves and these children are being snatched away. It is not any immigration policy, but a policy to scare, to punish, to frighten, to undermine, and to do a vileness. Not because America is not good. We are. But it is important that we act upon that goodness and that we don’t have these series of pictures where when this mother turns her back, the child is snatched away. So the call to action is to the vastness of our religious community, the 
vast television ministry, TBN, The Impact Network, The Word Network, Hillsong Church, whatever ones you want to call. In this day of worship, all of these leaders should stand and speak out in the loudest voice against the unspeakable, nonkindness, ungodly act of snatching children away from parents. I will be going down to visit and to see a number of centers, and all I ask is my Government to be what it is: a loving and nurturing place of values and democracy, and a recognition that we are a Nation of immigrants and a Nation of laws. These people have come to seek asylum. That is a legal process. Some may win it and some may not. But I would only say to you that who are we, if we cannot, as a mass of Americans, cry out against this administration. No matter how much of a cult we think this administration has been called, there have to be some good people that will recognize that our values, our flag rises above any person. And it is important for us to save the lives of these children. Mr. CORREA , let me thank the gentleman so very much for yielding to me. Mr. Speaker, Congressman CORREA is a valued member of this body and one of the outstanding member of the Homeland Security Committee, where he Ranking Member of the Subcommittee on Oversight and Management Efficienty. We are here today to call upon the President and the Congress of the United States to act without delay regarding the ‘‘zerotolerance’’ policy that separates families apprehended on the southern border by U.S. Border Patrol. As the member of the House Committees on Homeland Security and former Ranking Member of the Homeland Security Subcommittee on Maritime and Border Security, I cannot think of a situation more devastating than having the government forcibly separate a parent from her child to a place unknown, for a fate uncertain, absent any form of communication. Every day, hundreds of persons, ranging from infants and toddlers to adolescents and adults, flee violence, oppression, and economic desperation from Guatemala, Honduras, and El Salvador, seeking safe harbor in the United States. They are not criminals or terrorists, they are refugees seeking asylum. The American government must harness all available resources to aid those enduring unimaginable suffering, which is why I have called upon the President to extend Temporary Protected Status for those affected by this volcano, including introducing broader legislation that makes Guatemala eligible for TPS. While they hope to receive asylum, none of us expected that they would be treated as criminals or that their children would be forcibly separated from them. I cannot think of a situation more devastating than having the government forcibly separate a parent from their child to a place unknown, for a fate uncertain, absent any form of communication. But shamefully that is exactly what is happening under this administration. Reports indicate that as many as 700 children have been taken from adults claiming to be their parents since October 2017, including more than 100 children under the age of 4. This startling fact comes after Acting Assistant Secretary Steven Wagner of the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS) testified before the Senate in April 2018 that during a review of more than 7,600 unaccompanied immigrant children who had recently arrived and been placed with a sponsor, officials at the agency were unable to determine the precise whereabouts of 1,475 children. This is unconscionable and unacceptable. This administration’s practice of separating children from their parents inexplicably turns accompanied children into unaccompanied children, with all of the attendant risks and dangers, including human trafficking. In 2014, the Permanent Subcommittee on Investigations reported that ‘‘over a period of 4 months, HHS allegedly placed a number of UACs in the hands of a ring of human traffickers who forced them to work on egg farms in and around Marion, Ohio. The minor victims were forced to work six or seven days a week, twelve hours per day. The traffickers repeatedly threatened the victims and their families with physical harm, and even death, if they did not work or surrender their entire paychecks.’’ What is even more reprehensible is to this day, the Trump administration maintains that the Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) is not legally responsible for children after they are released from ORR care. This line of thinking allows such gross negligence to take place in the first place. As the Founder and Chair of the Congressional Children’s Caucus and as a parent and grandparent, this is unacceptable. Studies have documented that when young children are traumatically removed from their parents, their physical and mental health and wellbeing suffers. The effects of these traumatic experiences—especially in children who have already faced serious adversity—are unlikely to be shortlived, and can likely last a lifetime. This is exacerbated when the child in custody speaks a language that is not English or Spanish. Although the government has a legal obligation to provide reasonable language services to unaccompanied minors, many children arriving to the U.S. speak indigenous languages and have little or no translation assistance provided by the U.S. government. The Trump administration’s ‘‘zerotolerance’’ policy does not make our nation safer or more secure, nor is it a solution to the problem of illegal immigration and refugees seeking asylum. It is, however, monstrously cruel, inhumane, and shameful and makes a mockery of America’s reputation as the most welcoming and generous nation on earth. United Nations Office spokesperson Ravina Shamdasani recently condemned the Trump administration’s treatment of unaccompanied minors coming to the United States saying that ‘‘the use of immigration detention and family separation as a deterrent runs counter to human rights standards and principles’’. The last time this nation had policies that promoted the forcible separation of children from newly arrived persons was slavery: a dark chapter in this nation’s history that we should not revisit. Today, the parents of these thousands of children will not be deterred from finding ways to reunite with their children, even reentering the United States under the threat of imprisonment. It would be unconscionable to prosecute parents under these circumstances. There must be strong and aggressive congressional oversight of this administration’s immigration enforcement. The Trump administration’s policy should cease and desist immediately. National Policy regarding immigration legislation should not create greater fear for families already traumatized by intolerable conditions in their home countries. U.S. immigration policy should not deter refugees from seeking asylum within our borders. We should welcome mothers carrying their babies to a safe haven and assure the safety of their children. I will soon be introducing legislation prohibiting the separation of children from their families absent a health or safety risk. The legislation will also provide that these children the right to be represented by counsel and that translation services be available at all legal proceedings at all stages. As we have seen with the recent volcanic activity and earthquakes in Guatemala, the United States should be seeking ways to help its neighbors in the Southern Hemisphere. The American government must harness all available resources to aid those enduring unimaginable suffering, which is why I have called upon the President to extend Temporary Protected Status for those affected by this volcano. In the coming days, I will also be introducing broader legislation that makes Guatemala eligible for TPS, so that those who fled this horror, and other mainstays of the world—like a murder rate which is among the highest in the country, and rampant gang violence—may have hope to realize their American dream.’’ The Trump administration is utterly failing in its basic duty to treat all persons with dignity and compassion. Rather, it is making a mockery of our national values and reputation as a champion of human rights. This crisis is not just an immigration matter, nor is it just a foreign policy matter. It is a humanitarian crisis, executed by an administration that purports to be the champion of ‘family values’ but whose actions do not actually value families. We are a great country with a long and noble tradition of providing sanctuary to the persecuted and oppressed. And it is in that spirit that we should act. We can do it; after all, we are Americans. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague Congresswoman JACKSON  LEE, for her comments. I agree with her. This is a call to action. At this moment in history, we cannot be silent. At this moment in history, we cannot look away. And in this moment of history, we cannot ignore what we know is clearly going on around us. I thank the gentlewoman for her comments. Mr. Speaker, I now yield to Mr. JOAQUIN CASTRO , my good friend and distinguished colleague from Texas. Mr. CASTRO of Texas. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman CORREA for yielding. 
I think as Americans learned, mostly over the last few weeks, that young children were being separated from their mothers and fathers at the U.S. Mexico border, and now have heard that the Trump administration is proposing to put these young children who have been separated from their parents in tent camps on military bases in Texas and in other places, it makes people wonder whether the Nation has lost its moral compass under this administration. Just because somebody crosses a border or presents themselves at a border, does not make them nonhuman. b1830 The United States is a nation, if anything, that stands for and has stood for freedom, for human rights, and for democracy. How can we carry that mantle when we refuse to treat people like human beings, especially young children? This has become standard government policy under the Trump administration. It is leaving lasting trauma— emotional, mental, and physical trauma—to these young kids. We should be able to enforce our immigration laws and still respect people’s humanity. So I have been encouraged to see so many Americans speak up against this abhorrent policy. So many Americans from every corner of this Nation, every city and every part, have spoken up against this policy. Because this Nation has stood as a moral beacon around the world, it was quite remarkable recently when the United Nations, which the United States hosts in New York City and for which the United States is the largest funder, condemned our Nation for separating kids from their families and their parents at the U.S.Mexico border. I ask us to think about that and its significance. If we can’t stop these kinds of things from happening in the United States, then I don’t know that we can stop them from happening anywhere in the world. This is not only a call to conscience, it is a call to respect our Constitution, and it is a call that is not Republican or Democrat or liberal or conservative but American. It is a call for respect of human dignity. Mr. Speaker, I thank Congressman CORREA for organizing this discussion today and for all of his work on this issue. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to refrain from engaging in personalities toward the President. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I want to thank my colleague, Mr. CASTRO from the good State of Texas, for his comments. Mr. Speaker, I am grateful for the opportunity to address this most important issue of asylum and this most important issue of children seeking asylum in this great country of ours. We have to remember who this country is. We have to remember who we are as a people. We are all immigrants in this country. Except if you are nativeborn, Native American, you are not. But 99.9 percent of us were all immigrants. We all came to this country, our forefathers came to this country seeking a better life, seeking better opportunities, and seeking to run away from tyranny that was provided to them by other countries. Today, I hope that the people who are watching and the people who are listening understand what is at stake today. We cannot look away. We cannot ignore what is going on. The SPEAKER pro tempore. Members are reminded to direct their remarks to the Chair. Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi. Mr. Speaker, I thank my colleague and fellow member on the House Committee on Homeland Security, Congressman LOUCORREA , for leading tonight’s special order regarding the need to protect immigrant children and families from the cruel and punitive policies adopted by the Trump Administration. Over the past several months, the Trump Administration has engaged in the barbaric activity of separating migrant children from their parents to instill fear and deter families from seeking legal protection in the United States. These families are fleeing dangerous and violent situations in their home countries—seeking safety in the United States—only to have their children taken away from them. In many situations, the parents are not told where their children are or when they will be reunited. We have laws in place so that people fleeing dangerous situations can request protection and humanitarian relief. We should open our arms to these families, not tear them apart and put them in jail. Earlier this year, I was proud to lead all 12 of Democrats on the Committee on Homeland Security, as well as 63 of our Democratic colleagues, in sending a letter to Secretary Nielsen strongly opposing the practice of separating migrant parents from their children at the border. I continue to condemn this practice by the Trump Administration. A secure border and effective immigration system is important. The use of these tactics to deter migration is not only ineffective, but also unAmerican. I urge my colleagues to join me in speaking out against this unjust and inhumane policy. Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas. Mr. Speaker, during a 2week period in May, 658 immigrant children were separated from their families by Customs and Border Patrol agents at our southern border. The number of immigrant children held in custody by the United States government is now 10,773, an increase of 21% since the end of April. Sadly, this practice of family separation continues to be applied by the Trump administration today. It must be stopped immediately. The high majority of families crossing our southern border come from Central America, where rampant violence threatens the lives of women and children in particular. These families come to the United States in hopes of finding safety. Instead, this inhumane policy enforced by the Trump administration ensures that parents and children will face additional psychological and emotional trauma. Separation from parents is particularly damaging for young children, who have already endured a long and dangerous journey from their points of origin. Aside from the obvious emotional toll of parental separation, a report released by the American Civil Liberties Union last month details pervasive abuse of unaccompanied children by the Customs and Border Protection agency. Instances of this abuse include CBP officials repeatedly punching a child’s head, verbally abusing detained children, and denying a pregnant minor medical care, which resulted in a stillbirth. Congress must come together to end the Trump administration’s practice and to ensure that these migrants are treated humanely. Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ recent announcement that this administration will not grant asylum to victims of domestic and gang violence will only exacerbate the problems these families face, and at the very least, we must ensure that they are able to stay together as they face their uncertain futures. Mr. Speaker, no matter where they come from, parents and children belong together, Congress must use its legislative authority to prevent the Trump administration from ripping them apart. Mr. VELA. Mr. Speaker, I rise today to express grave concern about the acceleration of the separation of families at the U.S.Mexico border due to the Trump Administration’s ‘‘zero tolerance’’ policy toward border crossers. According to Reuters, more than 1,800 families have been separated from their children in the periods between October 2016 and February 2018. Since then, the number has dramatically increased. Recent testimony from CBP officials shows that in the two weeks following Attorney General Jeff Sessions’ May 7th announcement of the policy, 638 adults with 658 children were placed in the prosecution process, effectively separating them from their children for an indefinite time period. In McAllen, Texas alone, federal defenders counted 421 immigrant parents coming through the court room in the period between May 21st and June 5th. This number is alarming and disgraceful. While their parents are prosecuted, children are placed in Office of Refugee Resettlement (ORR) contract facilities like Southwest Key in Brownsville, Texas, an old WalMart now being used to house children detainees. Several reports indicate that children in CBP custody are held in kennellike cages and are being verbally, emotionally, physically, and sexually mistreated. We do not know the exact number of children being held, what they are doing with them inside, or how long these children remain ‘‘in custody’’ before they are able to see their parents. What we do know is that allowing children to be ripped from their families is a terrible policy that the United Nations has already explicitly condemned. The Trump Administration, through their own volition, decided that it is in the national interest of the United States to cause such pain and suffering. Multiple studies have shown that separating children from their families is a traumatizing experience with lifelong consequences. To be clear Mr. Speaker, there is no law that requires families to be torn apart. There is no law that requires that a child go through such a traumatizing experience. What these children are going through is reprehensible, unacceptable, and in blatant disregard to the values of these United States. Our country was founded on the notion that all peoples are worthy of life, liberty, and the pursuit of happiness. Immigrants come to this 
country searching and hoping to fulfill the American Dream. Many immigrants risk their lives fleeing their countries plagued with violence. It is repugnant that the Trump Administration continues to torment such vulnerable individuals, particularly toddlers, in such an atrocious manner. As the world’s leading democracy, we should strive to protect human rights, regardless of one’s citizenship or place of origin. Our nation’s child welfare laws have long recognized family unity as an essential human right. As such, I joined with Homeland Security Committee Ranking Member BENNIE THOMP SON to demand information Customs and Border Protection and the Department of Health and Human Services about the Administration’s de facto policy of separating families at the border. We need answers and every single day that passes, more families face the risk of being separated from their loved one. I urge my colleagues to join me in seeking answers from this Administration. We cannot let these voices go unheard. These children are suffering and are in desperate need of our support. Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I yield back the balance of my time. 
ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED Karen L. Haas, Clerk of the House, reported and found truly enrolled bills of the House of the following titles, which were thereupon signed by the Speaker: 
H.R. 2333. An act to amend the Small Business Investment Act of 1958 to increase the amount of leverage made available to small business investment companies. H.R. 4743. An act to amend the Small Business Act to strengthen the Office of Credit Risk Management within the Small Business Administration, and for other purposes. f 
SENATE ENROLLED BILLS SIGNED The Speaker announced his signature to enrolled bills of the Senate of the following titles: 
S. 1869.—An act to reauthorize and rename the position of Whistleblower Ombudsman to be the Whistleblower Protection Coordinator. S. 2246.—An act to designate the health care center of the Department of Veterans Affairs in Tallahassee, Florida, as the Sergeant Ernest I. ‘‘Boots’’ Thomas VA Clinic, and for other purposes. f 
ADJOURNMENT Mr. CORREA. Mr. Speaker, I move that the House do now adjourn. The motion was agreed to; accordingly (at 6 o’clock and 34 minutes p.m.), under its previous order, the House adjourned until tomorrow, Thursday, June 14, 2018, at 10 a.m. for morninghour debate. 
EXECUTIVE COMMUNICATIONS, ETC. Under clause 2 of rule XIV, executive communications were taken from the Speaker’s table and referred as follows: 
REPORTS OF COMMITTEES ON PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XIII, reports of committees were delivered to the Clerk for printing and reference to the proper calendar, as follows: 
Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5804. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to provide for modification in payment for certain outpatient surgical services (Rept. 115–752, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. WALDEN: Committee on Energy and Commerce. H.R. 5809. A bill to amend title XVIII of the Social Security Act to encourage the use of nonopioid analgesics for the management of postsurgical pain under the Medicare program, and for other purposes (Rept. 115–753, Pt. 1). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Mr. BRADY of Texas: Committee on Ways and Means. H.R. 5861. A bill to amend part A of title IV of the Social Security Act, and for other purposes; with an amendment (Rept. 115–754). Referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. 
Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5804 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. Pursuant to clause 2 of rule XIII, the Committee on Ways and Means discharged from further consideration. H.R. 5809 referred to the Committee of the Whole House on the state of the Union. PUBLIC BILLS AND RESOLUTIONS Under clause 2 of rule XII, public bills and resolutions of the following titles were introduced and severally referred, as follows: By Mr. WALDEN (for himself, Mr. P ALLONE , Mr. B RADY of Texas, Mr. N EAL, Mr. ROEof Tennessee, Mr. S HUSTER , Ms. FOXX, Mr. G OODLATTE , Mr. W ALZ, Mr. DEFAZIO, and Mr. B URGESS ): H.R. 6. A bill to provide for opioid use disorder prevention, recovery, and treatment, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, and the Judiciary, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia (for himself, Mr. SABLAN , Mr. T AKANO , Mr. ESPAILLAT , Ms. B ONAMICI , Ms. W ILSON  of Florida, Mr. POCAN , Ms. D ELAURO , Mr. BRENDAN F. B OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. GARAMENDI , Mr. DESAULNIER , Ms. J UDY CHUof California, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , Ms. N ORTON , Mr. CICILLINE , Mr. K HANNA , Mr. BRADY of Pennsylvania, Mr. N ORCROSS , Ms. R OYBAL ALLARD , Mr. C UMMINGS , Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN , Mrs. DAVIS of California, Mrs. N APOLI TANO , Mr. N ADLER , Mr. P ALLONE , Ms. SA´NCHEZ , Ms. S HEAPORTER , Mr. M ICHAEL F. D OYLE of Pennsylvania, Mr. LOWENTHAL , Ms. H ANABUSA , Mr. E LLISON, Mr. A LGREEN of Texas, Mrs. DINGELL , Mr. L AMB, and Mr. C OURT NEY): H.R. 6080. A bill to amend the National Labor Relations Act, the Labor Management Relations Act, 1947, the LaborManagement Reporting and Disclosure Act, 1959, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. LAHOOD(for himself, Mr. K ELLY  of Pennsylvania, and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 6081. A bill to amend the Internal Revenue Code of 1986 to eliminate the requirement that the taxpayer’s basis in a building be reduced by the amount of the rehabilitation credit determined with respect to such building; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Mr. MULLIN (for himself and Mr. BLUMENAUER ): H.R. 6082. A bill to amend the Public Health Service Act to protect the confidentiality of substance use disorder patient records; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6083. A bill to amend the Omnibus Public Land Management Act of 2009 to modify the terms of the Jackson Gulch rehabilitation project in Colorado, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan (for himself, Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, and Mr. SAMJOHNSON of Texas): H.R. 6084. A bill to amend title VII of the Social Security Act to provide for a single point of contact at the Social Security Administration for individuals who are victims of identity theft; to the Committee on Ways and Means. By Ms. ESHOO (for herself and Mr. LANCE ): 
H.R. 6085. A bill to revise and extend the Prematurity Research Expansion and Education for Mothers who deliver Infants Early Act (PREEMIE Act); to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. RUSH (for himself, Mr. DANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois, Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Ms. J ACKSON  LEE, Mr. C LAY, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. BASS, Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. PAYNE , Mr. J EFFRIES , Ms. A DAMS , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. M OORE , Ms. NORTON , Ms. L EE, Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. MEEKS , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. BUTTERFIELD , Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mr. E LLISON , Mr. EVANS , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. JOHNSON of Georgia, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. CLEAVER , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mr. THOMPSON of Mississippi, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. BISHOP of Georgia, and Mr. C ARSONof Indiana): H.R. 6086. A bill to amend section 249 of title 18, United States Code, to specify lynching as a hate crime act; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Ms. CHENEY (for herself, Mr. GIANFORTE , Mr. G OHMERT , Mr. B ISHOP  of Utah, and Mr. GOSAR ): H.R. 6087. A bill to authorize the Secretary of the Interior to recover the cost of processing administrative protests for oil and gas lease sales, applications for permits to drill, and right of way applications, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. CURTIS (for himself, Mr. BISHOP of Utah, Mr. G OSAR , Mr. GIANFORTE , Mr. W ESTERMAN , and Mr. GOHMERT ): H.R. 6088. A bill to amend the Mineral Leasing Act to authorize notifications of permit to drill, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Natural Resources. By Mr. KING of Iowa (for himself and Mr. GOSAR ): H.R. 6089. A bill to require the Secretary of Homeland Security to impose ebonding requirements on certain nonimmigrant visa applicants, and for other purposes; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 6090. A bill to provide for a report by the Committee on Technology of the National Science and Technology Council on machine learning and artificial intelligence; to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology. By Ms. ADAMS (for herself and Mr. LUETKEMEYER ): H.R. 6091. A bill to provide for the reform and continuation of agricultural and other programs of the Department of Agriculture through fiscal year 2023, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Agriculture. By Mr. BILIRAKIS (for himself, Mrs. MIMI WALTERS of California, Ms. FRANKEL of Florida, and Mr. R UIZ): H.R. 6092. A bill to develop and identify indicators of potentially fraudulent and disreputable recovery housing operators, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 6093. A bill to amend the Help America Vote Act of 2002 to require paper ballots and risk limiting audits in all Federal elections, and for other purposes; to the Committee on House Administration, and in addition to the Committee on Science, Space, and Technology, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania (for himself and Mr. NORMAN): H.R. 6094. A bill to prohibit lifting of United States sanctions imposed with respect to North Korea; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs. By Mr. DESANTIS (for himself and Mr. GOODLATTE ): H.R. 6095. A bill to prohibit the boycotting of countries friendly to the United States, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and in addition to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. ELLISON (for himself and Mr. KHANNA ): H.R. 6096. A bill to prohibit public companies from repurchasing their shares on the open market, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Financial Services. By Ms. JAYAPAL (for herself, Ms. SCHAKOWSKY , and Mr. P OCAN ): H.R. 6097. A bill to amend title I of the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act to authorize the establishment of, and provide support for, Statebased universal health care systems that provide comprehensive health benefits to State residents, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Energy and Commerce, and in addition to the Committees on Ways and Means, Oversight and Government Reform, Armed Services, and Education and the Workforce, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6098. A bill to amend the Family and Medical Leave Act of 1993 and title 5, United States Code, to permit leave to care for a domestic partner, parentinlaw, adult child, sibling, grandchild, or grandparent who has a serious health condition, and to allow employees to take, as additional leave, parental involvement leave to participate in or attend their children’s and grandchildren’s educational and extracurricular activities; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce, and in addition to the Committees on Oversight and Government Reform, and House Administration, for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. NORCROSS (for himself and Mr. MCKINLEY ): H.R. 6099. A bill to promote registered apprenticeships, including registered apprenticeships within indemand industry sectors, through the support of workforce intermediaries, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Education and the Workforce. By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6100. A bill to terminate the Denali Commission, and for other purposes; to the Committee on Transportation and Infrastructure. By Mr. PAYNE (for himself, Mr. MULLIN , Mr. S ERRANO , Ms. W ILSON of Florida, Mr. FRELINGHUYSEN , Mr. MEEKS , Mr. P ETERS , Mr. C ONNOLLY , Ms. NORTON , Mrs. B EATTY , Mr. J OHNSON of Georgia, Mr. S OTO, Ms. BORDALLO , Mr. B ISHOP of Georgia, Mr. MCGOVERN , Mr. E SPAILLAT , Ms. PLASKETT , Mr. D ANNY K. D AVIS of Illinois, Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. RUSH, Mr. R YAN of Ohio, Ms. ESTYof Connecticut, Mr. H ASTINGS , Mr. CARSON of Indiana, Mr. C ORREA , Ms. HANABUSA , Mr. K RISHNAMOORTHI , Mr. POCAN , Mr. B EYER , Mr. LOWENTHAL , Mr. H UFFMAN , Ms. T ITUS, Mr. CAPUANO , Mr. V ARGAS , Mr. B EN RAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico, Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. S IRES, Mr. G ARAMENDI , Ms. KAPTUR , Mr. L AWSON of Florida, Ms. ADAMS , Ms. B LUNT ROCHESTER , Mr. MCEACHIN , Mrs. D EMINGS , Mr. E VANS , Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. A LGREEN  of Texas, Mr. LEWIS of Georgia, Mr. CLEAVER , Ms. E DDIE BERNICE JOHNSON  of Texas, Mr. JEFFRIES , Mr. B ROWN of Maryland, Mr. RICHMOND , Ms. B ASS, Mr. CLYBURN , Mrs. L AWRENCE , Mrs. WATSON COLEMAN , Ms. J ACKSON LEE, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Ms. M AXINE  WATERS of California, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. VEASEY , Mrs. L OVE, Mr. S EAN PATRICK MALONEY of New York, Mr. GOTTHEIMER , Mr. B UTTERFIELD , Mr. DOGGETT , Mr. S MITH of Washington, and Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ ): H. Con. Res. 123. Concurrent resolution supporting National Men’s Health Week; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. WEBER of Texas: H. Res. 936. A resolution expressing support for designation of June 19, 2018, as ‘‘Juneteenth Independence Day’’ in recognition of June 19, 1865, the date on which slavery legally came to an end in the United States; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. JORDAN , Mr. P ERRY , Mr. J ODYB. H ICE of Georgia, Mr. GOSAR , Mr. G AETZ , Mr. DESANTIS , and Mr. Y OHO): H. Res. 937. A resolution expressing the sense of the Congress, that within 7 days of enactment, that the Department of Justice shall provide certain documents in its possession to the House of Representatives relating to the ongoing congressional investigation of certain prosecutorial and investigatory decisions made by the Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation surrounding the 2016 election; to the Committee on the Judiciary, and in addition to the Committee on Intelligence (Permanent Select), for a period to be subsequently determined by the Speaker, in each case for consideration of such provisions as fall within the jurisdiction of the committee concerned. By Mr. MEADOWS (for himself, Mr. JORDAN , Mr. G AETZ , and Mr. P ERRY ): H. Res. 938. A resolution of inquiry directing the Attorney General to provide certain documents in the Attorney General’s possession to the House of Representatives relating to the ongoing congressional investigation related to certain prosecutorial and investigatory decisions made by the Department of Justice and Federal Bureau of Investigation surrounding the 2016 election; to the Committee on the Judiciary. By Mr. HURD: H. Res. 939. A resolution providing for the consideration of H.R. 4796; to the Committee on Rules. By Ms. LEE (for herself and Ms. PELOSI ): H. Res. 940. A resolution congratulating the Golden State Warriors for their dominant backtoback championship victory in the 2018 National Basketball Association Finals; to the Committee on Oversight and Government Reform. f 
CONSTITUTIONAL AUTHORITY STATEMENT Pursuant to clause 7 of rule XII of the Rules of the House of Representatives, the following statements are submitted regarding the specific powers 
granted to Congress in the Constitution to enact the accompanying bill or joint resolution. 
By Mr. YOHO: H.R. 6079. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. WALDEN: H.R. 6. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 , Section 8 By Mr. SCOTT of Virginia: H.R. 6080. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. LAHOOD: H.R. 6081. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: ARTICLE I, SECTION 8, CLAUSE 1 The Congress shall have Power To lay and collect Taxes, Duties, Imposts and Excises, to pay the Debts and provide for the common Defence and general Welfare of the United States....  By Mr. MULLIN: H.R. 6082. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 1 of the United States Constitution. By Mr. TIPTON: H.R. 6083. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. BISHOP of Michigan: H.R. 6084. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Clause 1 of section 8 of article I of the Constitution, to ‘‘provide for the common defense and general welfare of the United States.’’ By Ms. ESHOO: H.R. 6085. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Pursuant to Article 1, Section 8 By Mr. RUSH: H.R. 6086. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following : Article I, Section 8, Clause 1: ‘‘The Congress shall have Power To . . . provide for the . . . and general Welfare of the United States;’’ Article I, Section 8, Clause 18: The Congress shall have Power ‘‘To make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers, and all other Powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ Article III, Section 2, Clause 2: ‘‘The judicial Power shall extend to all Cases, in Law and Equity, arising under this Constitution [and] the Laws of the United States . . .’’ By Ms. CHENEY: H.R. 6087. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. CURTIS: H.R. 6088. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article IV, Section 3, clause 2 Article I, Section 8, clause 18 By Mr. KING of Iowa: H.R. 6089. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I Section 8 Clause 4 of the Constitution By Mrs. LAWRENCE: H.R. 6090. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18, ‘‘The Congress shall have the Power to make all Laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into Execution the foregoing Powers and all other Powers vested by the Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof. By Ms. ADAMS: H.R. 6091. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1 , Section 8 By Mr. BILIRAKIS: H.R. 6092. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to Article I, Section 8, Clause 8 of the Constitution of the United States. By Mr. BLUMENAUER: H.R. 6093. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 4, Clause 1 By Mr. BRENDAN F. BOYLE of Pennsylvania: H.R. 6094. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8 of the U.S. Constitution under the General Welfare Clause. By Mr. DESANTIS: H.R. 6095. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, Clause 3 By Mr. ELLISON: H.R. 6096. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 18 of the Constitution of the United States, which states: The Congress shall have the power to make all laws which shall be necessary and proper for carrying into execution the foregoing powers, and all other powers vested by this Constitution in the Government of the United States, or in any Department or Officer thereof.’’ By Ms. JAYAPAL: H.R. 6097. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: This bill is enacted pursuant to the power granted to Congress under Article I of the United States Constitution and its subsequent amendments, and further clarified and interpreted by the Supreme Court of the United States. By Mrs. CAROLYN B. MALONEY of New York: H.R. 6098. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article I, Section 8, Clause 3: The Congress shall have the power . . . to regulate Commerce with foreign Nations, and among the several States, and with the Indian Tribes By Mr. NORCROSS: H.R. 6099. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 8, United States Constitution By Mr. NORMAN: H.R. 6100. Congress has the power to enact this legislation pursuant to the following: Article 1, Section 7 ADDITIONAL SPONSORS Under clause 7 of rule XII, sponsors were added to public bills and resolutions, as follows: 
H.R. 99: Mr. G RIJALVA . H.R. 154: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 592: Mr. RENACCI . H.R. 754: Mr. SHUSTER and Mr. W OMACK . H.R. 795: Mr. QUIGLEY . H.R. 809: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 913: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 930: Mr. WALBERG . H.R. 997: Ms. JENKINS of Kansas. H.R. 1114: Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 1204: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 1227: Mr. MCGOVERN . H.R. 1279: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 1300: Mr. COHEN , Mr. E NGEL , and Mr. HASTINGS . H.R. 1377: Mrs. NAPOLITANO and Mr. LOWENTHAL . H.R. 1447: Mr. TROTT and Mr. S COTT of Vir ginia. H.R. 1464: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 1606: Mr. WELCH . H.R. 1683: Mr. LARSEN of Washington. H.R. 1876: Mr. BARR. H.R. 1904: Mr. MOULTON . H.R. 1911: Mr. HURD. H.R. 1957: Ms. ESHOO , Mr. K HANNA , and Mr. ENGEL . H.R. 2043: Mr. AGUILAR . H.R. 2267: Mr. PERLMUTTER , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. CUELLAR , and Mr. M EEKS . H.R. 2295: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 2306: Mr. NOLAN . H.R. 2345: Mr. LANCE , Mrs. B ROOKS of Indi ana, Mr. CARBAJAL , Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN  GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. C RAMER , and Mr. YOUNG of Iowa. H.R. 2452: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 2514: Mr. GALLEGO , Mr. C ARBAJAL , and Mr. GRIJALVA . H.R. 2885: Mr. SHUSTER . H.R. 2902: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 2932: Ms. SCHAKOWSKY . H.R. 3145: Mr. GONZALEZ of Texas. H.R. 3533: Ms. LOFGREN . H.R. 3569: Mr. BACON and Mr. D OGGETT . H.R. 3626: Mrs. LOVE. H.R. 3773: Mr. SCHIFF . H.R. 3941: Mr. THOMPSON of California. H.R. 3956: Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 4143: Mr. MEADOWS . H.R. 4253: Ms. ESHOO . H.R. 4485: Ms. PINGREE . H.R. 4505: Mr. CARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4732: Mr. CUMMINGS . H.R. 4828: Mr. CALVERT . H.R. 4897: Mr. COHEN and Mr. C ARTWRIGHT . H.R. 4953: Mr. LATTA and Mr. K INZINGER . H.R. 4985: Mr. VELA. H.R. 5227: Mr. BUDD. H.R. 5270: Mrs. WAGNER . H.R. 5282: Mr. BARR. H.R. 5324: Mrs. NOEM. H.R. 5343: Mr. MARSHALL , Mr. D UNN, and Mrs. BLACK . H.R. 5358: Mrs. MCMORRIS RODGERS , Mr. BANKS of Indiana, and Mrs. N OEM. H.R. 5417: Mr. KIND. H.R. 5452: Mr. COHEN and Ms. L OFGREN . H.R. 5499: Mr. LARSON of Connecticut, Mr. GRAVES of Louisiana, Ms. D ELBENE, Mr. ABRAHAM , and Mr. R OSS. H.R. 5559: Mr. BABIN. H.R. 5588: Mr. SHIMKUS , Mr. K ENNEDY , Mr. STIVERS , Ms. L OFGREN , Mr. H UFFMAN , Mr. KINGof New York, and Mr. H UNTER . H.R. 5594: Mr. O’HALLERAN . H.R. 5610: Mr. NEWHOUSE . H.R. 5634: Mr. JEFFRIES . H.R. 5647: Mr. LAMBORN . H.R. 5658: Mr. EVANS and Mr. T HOMPSON of Pennsylvania. 
H.R. 5671: Ms. M ICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico. H.R. 5697: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 5732: Mr. RUSH. H.R. 5780: Ms. MICHELLE LUJAN GRISHAM of New Mexico, Mr. DEUTCH , Ms. V ELA´ZQUEZ , Mr. DEFAZIO, Ms. W ASSERMAN SCHULTZ , and Mr. KATKO . H.R. 5818: Mr. HIGGINS of New York, Mr. KATKO , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Ms. S TEFANIK . H.R. 5819: Mr. SCHNEIDER and Mr. B ENRAY LUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 5855: Mr. WEBSTER of Florida and Mr. CRIST. H.R. 5864: Mr. POLIQUIN . H.R. 5889: Mr. JENKINS of West Virginia. H.R. 5891: Ms. HANABUSA and Mr. J ENKINS  of West Virginia. H.R. 5899: Ms. KELLY of Illinois, Mr. DESAULNIER , Mr. G ARAMENDI , and Mr. K ILDEE. H.R. 5948: Mr. BUCK, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. M EADOWS . H.R. 5949: Mr. BUCK, Mr. C RAMER , Mr. G OHMERT , and Mr. E STES of Kansas. H.R. 5988: Mr. CRAMER . H.R. 5990: Mr. BARRand Mr. K NIGHT . H.R. 6001: Mr. CRAWFORD . H.R. 6014: Ms. KUSTER of New Hampshire, Ms. NORTON , Mrs. D EMINGS , Ms. K ELLY of Illi nois, Ms. WILSON of Florida, Mr. D AVID SCOTT of Georgia, Mr. SCOTT of Virginia, Mr. C LAY, Ms. EDDIE BERNICE JOHNSON of Texas, Mr. JEFFRIES , Ms. S EWELL of Alabama, Mr. BROWN of Maryland, Mrs. L AWRENCE , Ms. BASS, Mr. R ICHMOND , Mr. C ARSON of Indiana, Ms. CLARKE of New York, Mrs. W ATSON COLEMAN, Ms. F UDGE , Mr. C LYBURN , and Mr. KATKO . H.R. 6016: Mr. DAVID SCOTT of Georgia, and Mr. GARAMENDI . H.R. 6032: Mr. CA´RDENAS . H.R. 6033: Mr. BENRAYLUJA´Nof New Mexico. H.R. 6059: Mr. NEAL, Mr. K ENNEDY , and Mr. LYNCH . H.R. 6060: Ms. VELA´ZQUEZ . H.R. 6079: Mr. FLEISCHMANN , Ms. C HENEY , and Mr. LONG. H. Con. Res. 72: Ms. STEFANIK . H. Con. Res. 119: Mr. BABIN, Mr. M OONEY of West Virginia, Mr. ROUZER , Mr. H UDSON , and Mr. CULBERSON . H. Res. 69: Mr. GRIJALVA . H. Res. 785: Mr. TURNER and Mr. R ENACCI . H. Res. 915: Mr. RASKIN , Miss R ICEof New York, and Mr. WELCH . H. Res. 926: Mr. SENSENBRENNER , Ms. STEFANIK , Mr. C ASTRO of Texas, and Mr. CHABOT . H. Res. 927: Ms. GABBARD , Mr. E NGEL , Mrs. DEMINGS , Mr. R UPPERSBERGER , and Mr. WALZ. H. Res. 933: Ms. MAXINE WATERS of Cali fornia, Ms. ADAMS , Mr. C LYBURN , Mr. D ANNY  K. DAVIS of Illinois, Mr. E VANS , Mr. J OHNSON  of Georgia, Mr. VEASEY , Ms. W ILSON of Flor ida, and Mr. MEEKS . 
PROCEEDINGS AND DEBATES OF THE 115th CONGRESS, SECOND SESSION∑ This ‘‘bullet’’ symbol identifies statements or insertions which are not spoken by a Member of the Senate on the floor.
.S3863 Vol. 164 WASHINGTON, WEDNESDAY, JUNE 13, 2018 No. 98 
The Senate met at 9:30 a.m. and was called to order by the Honorable RAND PAUL, a Senator from the Commonwealth of Kentucky. 
PRAYER The Chaplain, Dr. Barry C. Black, offered the following prayer: Let us pray. Loving and EverPresent God, we thank You for being our helper in the present and our hope for the future. We trust You to direct our steps with Your providential power. Forgive our slowness to understand and our haste to question Your purposes. Lord, guide our lawmakers. Where there is perplexity, provide clarity. Where there is sickness, bring healing. Where there is doubt, give faith. Where there is despair, bestow hope. Hasten the day when the Earth will be filled with Your glory as the waters cover the sea. We pray in Your loving Name. Amen. 
PLEDGE OF ALLEGIANCE The Presiding Officer led the Pledge of Allegiance, as follows: 
I pledge allegiance to the Flag of the United States of America, and to the Republic for which it stands, one nation under God, indivisible, with liberty and justice for all. f 
APPOINTMENT OF ACTING PRESIDENT PRO TEMPORE The PRESIDING OFFICER. The clerk will please read a communication to the Senate from 